--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
In accessing the attached base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") you agree to be bound by the following 
terms and conditions. 
The information contained in the Base Prospectus may be addressed to and/or targeted at persons who are 
residents of particular countries only as specified in the Base Prospectus and is not intended for use, and 
should not be relied upon, by any person outside those countries. Prior to relying on the information 
contained in the Base Prospectus, you must ascertain from the Base Prospectus whether or not you 
are an intended addressee of, and eligible to view, the information contained therein. 
The Base Prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer to sell or the 
solicitation of an offer to buy securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction in which such offer, 
solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration, exemption from registration or qualification 
under the securities law of any such jurisdiction. 
The securities described in the Base Prospectus have not been and will not be registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority 
of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may include notes in bearer form that are subject 
to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, such securities may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")). The securities described in the Base Prospectus 
will only be offered in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance upon Regulation S. 
For a more complete description of restrictions on offers and sales of the securities described in the Base 
Prospectus, see pages i to viii and the section "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 7 MAY 2021 
 
NORDEA BANK ABP 
(a public limited liability company organised under the laws of Finland) 
€50,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Nordea Bank Abp (the "Issuer") has established a €50,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(the "Programme").  This base prospectus supersedes any previous Base Prospectus, Information 
Memorandum and Supplemental Information Memorandum in relation to the Programme. Any Notes (as 
defined below) issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject 
to the provisions described herein.  This does not affect any Notes already in issue. 
The Issuer may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the "Notes") on a subordinated or 
unsubordinated basis, which expression shall include Bearer Notes and Registered Notes (each as defined 
below), denominated in any currency as may be agreed with the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below).  
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may include Notes issued by the Issuer designated as "Swiss Franc 
Notes", "VP Notes", "VPS Notes" or "Swedish Notes" in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
(each as defined below). The maximum amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding will not exceed 
€50,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at the time of agreement to issue, subject as further 
set out herein). For the purposes of calculating amounts outstanding under the Programme, all calculations 
will be made in euro. 
Notes issued under the Programme (other than Exempt Notes) will have a denomination of at least €100,000 
or its equivalent in any other currency. 
The Notes will be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the principal dealers or Swiss dealers 
specified herein and any additional dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a "Dealer" and together the 
"Dealers"). 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that 
may affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk 
Factors" below. 
Arranger 
BofA Securities 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Credit Suisse 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Morgan Stanley 
Natixis 
Nordea 
RBC Capital Markets 
UBS Investment Bank 
UniCredit 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment 
Banking  
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 7 May 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central 
Bank") as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation").  The 
Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such 
approval relates only to Notes issued under the Programme within 12 months after the date hereof which 
are admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive (2014/65/EU), as amended or replaced from time to time ("EU MiFID II") and/or which are to 
be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA") in circumstances 
that require the publication of a prospectus. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID II in the EEA and/or 
offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Articles 
1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" 
are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation. The 
Central Bank has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in 
connection with Exempt Notes. 
Application will be made (i) to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext 
Dublin") for Notes issued under the Programme (other than Exempt Notes (as defined herein)) to be 
admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and to trading on its regulated market (the "Regulated 
Market"), (ii) to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") and the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme (other than Exempt Notes) to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg" of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on 
the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and (iii) to the Norwegian Supervisory Authority 
(Finanstilsynet) (the "NFSA") for Notes issued under the Programme (other than Exempt Notes) to be 
admitted to listing on the Oslo Stock Exchange's regulated market (the "Oslo Børs"), in each case during 
the period of 12 months after the date hereof.   
The Regulated Market and the regulated markets of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the Oslo Børs 
are regulated markets for the purposes of EU MiFID II. Such approvals relate only to the Notes which are 
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID II and/or which are to be 
offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the approval of this Base Prospectus as base listing 
particulars (the "Base Listing Particulars"). Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Exempt 
Notes issued under the Programme during the 12 months from the date of this Base Listing Particulars to 
be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Global Exchange Market (the "GEM") which is the 
exchange regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The GEM is not a regulated market for the purposes of EU 
MiFID II.  
This Base Prospectus constitutes a Base Listing Particulars for the purposes of all Exempt Notes (including, 
without limitation, any Exempt Notes listed on the GEM) and, for such purposes, does not constitute a 
"prospectus" for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. In the case of Exempt Notes, any reference 
in this Base Prospectus to "Base Prospectus" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Base Listing Particulars" 
unless the context requires otherwise.  
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or 
quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer (including the SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd (the "SIX Swiss 
Exchange"), in the case of Swiss Franc Notes).   
Notice of the aggregate principal amount of, interest (if any) payable in respect of, the issue price of, and 
any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to, each Tranche (as defined 
below) of Notes will be set forth in a final terms (the "Final Terms") or, in the case of Exempt Notes, a 
pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement"). In the case of Exempt Notes, any reference in this Base 
Prospectus to "Final Terms" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Pricing Supplement" unless the context 
requires otherwise.

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 6 May 2022. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus, including the Annexes hereto, which form part of this Base Prospectus, should be 
read and construed together with any amendments or supplements hereto and with any other information 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, should be read and construed 
together with the relevant Final Terms. 
Copies of each Final Terms in respect of a Tranche of Notes listed on any stock exchange and issued 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus will be available from the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents 
and (in the case of Notes which may be in registered form) from the specified office of the Registrar and 
each of the Transfer Agents (see "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" herein).  In the case of a Tranche of 
Notes which is not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation on any listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system or which is not offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation (including Exempt Notes), 
copies of the Final Terms will only be available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent in London and the registered office of the Issuer by the holders of such Notes 
("Holders"). 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer(s) that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes" herein, in which case a supplementary prospectus, if appropriate, will be made 
available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.  In the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant provisions relating to such Notes will be included in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement.  
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base 
Prospectus (including, for this purpose, each relevant Final Terms) contains all information which is (in the 
context of the Programme and the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) material; that such information is 
true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, 
predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material 
respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such 
information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme and the issue, offering 
and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made 
to verify the foregoing. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect 
its import. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given 
or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Arranger have separately verified the information contained herein.  
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility 
is accepted by the Dealers or the Arranger as to the accuracy or completeness of the financial information 
contained in this Base Prospectus, or any other financial statements or any further information supplied in 
connection with the Notes.  The Dealers and the Arranger accept no liability in relation to the financial 
information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements or their distribution or with 
regard to any other information supplied in connection with the Notes.  The statements made in this 
paragraph are without prejudice to the responsibility of Nordea Bank Abp in its capacity as Issuer under 
the Programme. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any 
Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely 
to involve any adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer since the date thereof 
or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to 
the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions.  For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on 
distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION 
IN THE UNITED STATES NOR HAS THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR 
ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR THE 
ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY 
IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR WITH 
ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION 
OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY INCLUDE NOTES IN BEARER FORM THAT ARE 
SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS.  SUBJECT TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, THE 
NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR, IN THE CASE OF BEARER NOTES, DELIVERED 
WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. 
PERSONS.  SEE "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE". 
The Issuer is not a bank nor an authorised deposit-taking institution which is authorised under the Banking 
Act 1959 (Cth) of Australia (the Australian Banking Act) nor is it authorised to carry on banking business 
under the Australian Banking Act.  The Notes are not obligations of any government and, in particular, are 
not guaranteed by the Commonwealth of Australia.  The Issuer is not supervised by the Australian 
Prudential Regulation Authority.  Notes that are offered for issue or sale or transferred in, or into, Australia 
are offered only in circumstances that would not require disclosure to investors under Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 
of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (the "Corporations Act") and will be issued and transferred in 
compliance with the terms of the exemption from compliance with section 66 of the Australian Banking 
Act that is available to the Issuer.  Such Notes will be issued or transferred in, or into, Australia in parcels 
of not less than A$500,000 in aggregate principal amount.  An investment in any Notes issued by the Issuer 
will not be covered by the depositor protection provisions in section 13A of the Australian Banking Act 
and will not entitle Holders to claim under the financial claims scheme under Division 2AA of the 
Australian Banking Act. 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended or replaced from time to time (the 
"EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/ TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its

--- Page 7 ---
- vii - 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.  
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of such 
investor's own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such potential investor's 
financial activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce 
risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to the investor's overall 
portfolio. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it 
has the expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will 
perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
An investment in the Notes may give rise to higher yields than a bank deposit placed with Nordea or with 
any other investment firm in the Nordea Group (a "Nordea Bank Deposit"). However, an investment in 
the Notes carries risks which are very different from the risk profile of a Nordea Bank Deposit. The Notes 
are expected to have greater liquidity than a Nordea Bank Deposit since Nordea Bank Deposits are generally 
not transferable. However, the Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may 
never develop. See "Risk Factors—Risks Relating to the Notes—The Notes may not be freely transferred" 
and "—There may be no active trading market for the Notes". Investments in the Notes do not benefit from 
any protection provided pursuant to Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on deposit guarantee schemes, as amended or any national measures implementing this Directive in any 
jurisdiction. Payments on the Subordinated Notes are subordinated obligations of the Issuer. Therefore, if 
the Issuer becomes insolvent or defaults on its obligations, investors investing in such Notes in a worst-
case scenario could lose their entire investment. Further, as a result of the implementation of BRRD (as 
defined herein), holders of the Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity on any 
application of the general bail-in tool and non-viability loss absorption, which may result in such holders 
losing some or all of their investment. See "Risk Factors—Legal and Regulatory Risks Relating to the 
Notes—Regulatory action in the event of a failure of the Issuer could materially adversely affect the value 
of the Notes, including in a manner which may result in holders of the Notes losing all or a part of the value 
of their investment in the Notes or receiving a different security than the Notes" and "Risk Factors—Risks 
Relating to the Notes—The Issuer may be subject to statutory resolution". 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any

--- Page 8 ---
- viii - 
retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) in relation to any Exempt Notes with a minimum 
denomination below €100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, not a qualified investor as defined in 
the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA would be prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.  
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) in relation to any Exempt Notes 
with a minimum denomination below €100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom (the "UK") has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of 
them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes.  Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) below may 
apply, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the "European Economic Area" will be made pursuant 
to an exemption under the EU Prospectus Regulation, from the requirement to publish a prospectus for 
offers of Notes.  Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of 
Notes which are the subject of an offering/placement contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed 
by final terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
in each case, in relation to such offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer has been approved by the 
competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and 
notified to the competent authority in that Member State and (in either case) published, all in accordance 
with the EU Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed 
by final terms which specify that offers may be made other than pursuant to Article 3(2) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation in that Member State and such offer is made in the period beginning and ending on 
the dates specified for such purpose in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable.  Except to the extent 
sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they 
authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION - Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be 
calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference 
rate does constitute such a benchmark, the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark 
is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU

--- Page 9 ---
- ix - 
Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required 
to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms. The 
registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms 
to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE - The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will 
state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA". The Issuer will make a 
determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" in relation to each issue 
about the classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a) and section 
309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers (if 
any) named as the Stabilising Manager(s) (or any persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the 
date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules.  
RATINGS 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the long term (senior) debt ratings of the Issuer are: 
Rating Agency 
Rating 
Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) AB 
Aa3 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
AA- 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
AA-1 
Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) AB ("Moody's"), Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") and S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") are established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and are, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
included 
in 
the 
list 
of 
credit 
rating 
agencies 
published 
by 
ESMA 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/list-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation. The rating Moody's has given to the Notes is endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Ltd, which 
is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The rating Fitch has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd which is established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation. The rating S&P has given to the Notes is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited which is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to 
Notes already issued.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of 
Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or 
(2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
 
1 Outlook negative.

--- Page 10 ---
- x - 
Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed 
in the Final Terms.   
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/list-registered-and-
certified-CRAs, a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation.  This list must be updated within five working days of ESMA's adoption of any decision to 
withdraw the registration of a credit rating agency under the EU CRA Regulation.  Therefore, such list is 
not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency as there may be delays between certain 
supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA 
list.  
The 
Financial 
Conduct 
Authority 
("FCA")'s 
Financial 
Services 
Register, 
available 
at 
https://register.fca.org.uk/s/, contains a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation. Similarly to the ESMA list of credit rating agencies registered and certified 
in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation, there may be some delays between certain supervisory 
measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated Financial Services 
Register. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Furthermore, credit ratings are subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time, and a 
change in the credit ratings of the Notes, or a new unsolicited credit rating assigned to the Notes, 
could affect the market value and reduce the liquidity of the Notes.  
There can be no assurance that a rating assigned to a series of Notes will remain for any given period of 
time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency if, in its judgment, 
circumstances in the future so warrant. In the event that a rating assigned to the Notes is subsequently 
lowered for any reason, no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional support or credit 
enhancement with respect to the Notes, and the market value and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely 
affected. Notes that are subject to a ratings downgrade may also be more susceptible to price volatility than 
they were prior to the downgrade or compared to higher-rated securities. In addition, the Issuer's credit 
ratings do not always mirror the risk related to individual Notes issued under the Programme. Real or 
anticipated changes in the Issuer's credit ratings generally will also affect the market value of the Notes. 
Rating agencies also regularly reassess the methodologies they employ to measure the creditworthiness of 
companies and securities. Any updates to these methodologies could affect the credit ratings assigned by 
the agencies. 
To the extent permitted by a rating agency hired by the Issuer, the Issuer may decline a rating (which may 
include a non-investment grade rating) assigned by the hired rating agency to a Tranche of Notes, which 
would typically delay the publication of that rating by such rating agency for a period of 12 months. In 
addition to ratings assigned by any hired rating agencies, rating agencies not hired by the Issuer to rate a 
Tranche of Notes may assign unsolicited ratings. If any non-hired rating agency assigns an unsolicited 
rating to any Notes, there can be no assurance that such rating will not differ from, or be lower than, the 
ratings provided by a hired rating agency. The decision to decline a rating assigned by a hired rating agency, 
the delayed publication of such rating or the assignment of a non-solicited rating by a rating agency not 
hired by the Issuer could adversely affect the market value and liquidity of the Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
- xi - 
GREEN NOTES 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention 
to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Notes whether directly or indirectly, for projects and activities 
that satisfy certain eligibility requirements that purports to promote climate-friendly and other 
environmental purposes ("Green Assets"). Prospective investors should have regard to the information in 
the relevant Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance 
of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation 
such investor deems necessary. In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer that the use of such proceeds 
for any Green Assets will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations 
or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments 
are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-
laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, 
the relevant Green Assets. Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, 
regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green" or "sustainable" or an 
equivalently-labeled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined 
as "green" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear 
definition or consensus will develop over time or that any prevailing market consensus will not significantly 
change following an investment decision. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that 
any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Assets will meet or continue to meet on an 
ongoing basis any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", "sustainable" or other equivalently-
labeled objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Assets. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Green Assets to fulfill any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any 
such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the 
date that opinion or certification was initially issued and the criteria and/or considerations that underlie such 
opinion or certification provider may change at any time. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein 
and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or 
other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labeled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or 
not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person that such listing or 
admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements 
as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to 
comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green 
Assets. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may 
vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given 
or made by the Issuer or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in 
respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained 
during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Green Assets in, 
or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the 
relevant Green Asset and the use of the proceeds of such Notes will be, or will be capable of being, 
implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly any proceeds of such Notes will be totally or partially used for such Green Assets. Nor can 
there be any assurance that such Green Assets will be completed within any specified period or at all or 
with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated

--- Page 12 ---
- xii - 
by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the 
Notes.   
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Green Assets as aforesaid 
and/or withdrawal or amendment of any third party opinion or certification (whether or not solicited by the 
Issuer), and/or the amendment of any criteria on which such opinion or certification was given, or any such 
third party opinion or certification stating that the Issuer is not complying or fulfilling relevant criteria, in 
whole or in part, with respect to any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying 
and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities 
market as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the 
value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Green Assets and/or result in adverse consequences 
for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
DEFINITIONS 
In this Base Prospectus, references to a "Member State" are references to a Member State of the European 
Economic Area,  references to "EU Member State" are references to a Member State of the European 
Union and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended).  
References to "U.S. dollars" or "USD" are to United States dollars, references to "Euro", "euro", "EUR" 
or "€" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction 
of the Euro as amended, references to "Swiss Francs", "Swiss francs" or "CHF" are to Swiss Francs, 
references to "sterling" are to Pounds Sterling, references to "Yen" are to Japanese Yen, references to 
"SEK" are to Swedish Krona, references to "NOK" are to Norwegian Kroner, references to "DKK" are to 
Danish Krone and references to "Renminbi", "RMB" and "CNY" are to the lawful currency of the People's 
Republic of China (excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of 
China, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan) (the 
"PRC"). References to the "Merger" mean the merger of Nordea Bank AB (publ), the parent company of 
the Nordea Group before the Re-domiciliation (as defined below), into Nordea Bank Abp through a cross-
border reversed merger by way of absorption on the Completion Date (as defined below). References to 
"Nordea" or "Nordea Bank" refer to Nordea Bank Abp except where it is clear from the context that the 
term refers to Nordea Bank AB (publ), the parent company of the Nordea Group before the Re-
domiciliation. References to the "Nordea Group" or the "Group" are to the group of companies for which 
Nordea is the parent company, except where it is clear from the context that the term refers to any particular 
subsidiary or a group of subsidiaries. References to the "Completion Date" mean the date of completion 
of the Merger being 1 October 2018. References to the "Re-domiciliation" mean the re-domiciliation of 
the parent company of the Nordea Group from Sweden to Finland that was carried out through the Merger.  
Any reference in this Base Prospectus to any legislation (whether primary legislation or secondary 
legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall, if the context so requires, be construed as a reference 
to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English.  Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information, which has previously been published or is published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and has been submitted to and filed with the Central Bank, shall be deemed to be 
incorporated in, and to form part of this document: 
(1) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 68 to 120 of the base prospectus dated 5 May 2020 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
(https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-
364908/Base%20prospectus%20for%20Nordea%20Bank%20Abp%20EMTN%20Programme%
205%20May%202020.pdf);  
(2) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 70 to 119 of the base prospectus dated 8 May 2019 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
(https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-

--- Page 13 ---
- xiii - 
314384/Base%20prospectus%20for%20Nordea%20Bank%20Abp%20EMTN%20Programme%2
08%20May%202019.pdf);   
(3) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 68 to 115 of the base prospectus dated 29 November 
2018 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
(https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-
281780/Base%20Prospectus%20for%20Nordea%20Bank%20Abp%20EMTN%20Programme%
2029%20November%202018.pdf); 
(4) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 68 to 111 of the base prospectus dated 4 May 2018 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
(https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-
262921/Base%20Prospectus%20for%20Nordea%20Bank%20AB%20EMTN%20Programme%2
04%20May%202018.pdf);    
(5) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 62 to 101 of the base prospectus dated 16 May 2017 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
(https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-
187217/Base%20Prospectus%20for%20Nordea%20Bank%20AB%20EMTN%20Programme%2
016%20May%202017.pdf); 
(6) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 69 to 107 of the base prospectus dated 13 May 2016 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
(https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-113206/2016-05-16_Base-Prospectus-for-Nordea-Bank-
EMTN-Program-13-May-2016_EN.pdf);    
(7) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 69 to 108 of the base prospectus dated 8 May 2015 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
(http://www.nordea.com/Images/33-58740/2015-05-08_Base-Prospectus-for-Nordea-Bank-
EMTN%20Program-2015_EN.pdf);  
(8) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 65 to 103 of the base prospectus dated 8 May 2014 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
(https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-39175/2014-01-01_Base-Prospectus-for-Nordea-Bank-AB-
EMTN-Program-2014_EN.pdfhttp://www.nordea.com/sitemod/upload/Root/www.nordea.com - 
uk/Investorrelations/prospectus_nordea_bank_AB_emtn_8_may_2014.pdf); 
(9) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 64 to 107 of the base prospectus dated 26 April 2013 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
(https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-39174/2013-01-01_Base-Prospectus-for-Nordea-Bank-AB-
EMTN-Program-2013_EN.pdf);  
(10) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 43 to 83 of the base prospectus dated 27 April 2012 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
(https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-39173/2012-01-01_Base-Prospectus-for-Nordea-Bank-AB-
EMTN-Program-2012_EN.pdf);  
(11) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 42 to 82 of the base prospectus dated 20 April 2011 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
(https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-39172/2011-01-01_Base-Prospectus-for-Nordea-Bank-AB-
EMTN-Program-2011_EN.pdf); 
(12) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 41 to 81 of the base prospectus dated 30 April 2010 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
(https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-39171/2010-01-01_Base-Prospectus-for-Nordea-Bank-AB-
EMTN-Program-2010_EN.pdf); and 
(13) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 41 to 81 of the base prospectus dated 29 May 2009 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
(https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-39170/2009-01-01_Base-Prospectus-for-Nordea-Bank-AB-
EMTN-Program-2009_EN.pdf).

--- Page 14 ---
- xiv - 
The Issuer will provide, without charge, to each person to whom a copy of this Base Prospectus has been 
delivered, upon the oral or written request of such person, a copy of any or all of the documents which or 
portions of which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference.  Written or telephone requests for 
such documents should be directed to the Issuer at its principal office set out at the end of this Base 
Prospectus.  In addition, such documents will be available at https://www.nordea.com. Any information 
contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors in the Notes or is covered elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus, information contained on websites referred to in this Base Prospectus do not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. Such documents will also be available from the principal office of the Fiscal 
Agent. 
Copies of the annual and interim reports of the Issuer can be downloaded at https://www.nordea.com. 
The Issuer will, in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
the information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Certain statements in this Base Prospectus are based on the beliefs of the management of Nordea, as well 
as assumptions made by and information currently available to the management of Nordea, and such 
statements may constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements (other than 
statements of historical fact) regarding the Nordea Group's future results of operations, financial condition, 
cash flows, business strategy, plans and objectives of Nordea's management for future operations can 
generally be identified by terminology such as "targets", "believes", "estimates", "expects", "aims", 
"intends", "plans", "seeks", "will", "may", "anticipates", "would", "could", "continues" or similar 
expressions or the negatives thereof. 
Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important 
factors that could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Nordea, or industry results, to 
differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. Such risks, uncertainties and other important factors include, among others: 
• 
changes in the global general economic conditions and developments in the global financial 
markets; 
• 
changes in the general economic, political or social conditions in the markets in which the Nordea 
Group operates; 
• 
regulatory developments in the markets in which the Nordea Group operates; 
• 
changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity and commodity prices; 
• 
changes in the quality of the Nordea Group's loan portfolio and the Nordea Group's counterparty 
risk; 
• 
changes in the Nordea Group's liquidity position or that of any of its counterparties; 
• 
changes in the Nordea Group's credit ratings; 
• 
changes in competition in the markets in which the Nordea Group operates; and 
• 
increased longevity, medical developments and other parameters that impact the Nordea Group's 
life insurance business. 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialise, or should any underlying assumptions prove 
to be incorrect, the Nordea Group's actual financial condition or results of operations could differ materially 
from those described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. The Issuer urges investors to 
read the sections of this Base Prospectus entitled "Risk Factors" and "The Nordea Group" for a more

--- Page 15 ---
- xv - 
complete discussion of the factors that could affect the Nordea Group's future performance and the industry 
in which the Nordea Group operates. 
The Issuer does not intend, and does not assume any obligation, to update any forward-looking statements 
contained herein, except as may be required by law. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking 
statements attributable to the Issuer or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety 
by the cautionary statements referred to above and contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 16 ---
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................... 2 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 7 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 34 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............... 38 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 41 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ....................................................................................................... 57 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 76 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 133 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT.......................................................................................................... 134 
THE NORDEA GROUP .......................................................................................................................... 136 
NORDEA BANK ABP ............................................................................................................................ 149 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 155 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 159 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 171 
ANNEX 1 – UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE NORDEA 
GROUP FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED 31 MARCH 2021, INCLUDING THE INCLUDING 
THE AUDITOR'S REVIEW REPORT AND THE NOTES RELATING THERETO ............................ 174 
ANNEX 2 – AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE NORDEA GROUP 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020, INCLUDING THE AUDITOR'S REPORT AND 
NOTES RELATING THERETO ............................................................................................................. 175 
ANNEX 3 – AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE NORDEA GROUP 
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019, INCLUDING THE AUDITOR'S REPORT AND 
NOTES RELATING THERETO ............................................................................................................. 176

--- Page 17 ---
- 2 - 
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
The following description does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder 
of this Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview.  
Issuer 
Nordea Bank Abp. 
Description 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Arranger 
BofA Securities Europe SA. 
Dealers 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad 
de Valores S.A., Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, London Branch, 
Goldman Sachs International, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan 
AG, Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, Natixis, Nordea Bank Abp, 
RBC Europe Limited, RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH, Société 
Générale, UBS Europe SE and UniCredit Bank AG as principal dealers 
for the Programme and UBS AG as Swiss dealer for the Programme 
(together with any other dealer(s) appointed from time to time by the 
Issuer, either generally in relation to the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Series of Notes). 
Fiscal and Paying Agent 
and Transfer Agent 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch or such other entity as may replace 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch as Fiscal Agent or Transfer Agent. 
Swiss Paying Agent  
Such entity as may be appointed by the Issuer from time to time as Swiss 
Paying Agent in respect of any Series of Swiss Franc Notes. 
Registrar 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG or such other entity as may replace 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG as Registrar. 
VP Issuing Agent, VPS 
Paying 
Agent 
and 
Swedish Issuing Agent 
Nordea Bank Abp or such other entity as may replace Nordea Bank Abp 
as VP Issuing Agent, VPS Paying Agent and Swedish Issuing Agent, 
respectively. 
Irish Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited. 
Amount 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any time shall not 
exceed €50,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in another currency calculated 
as described herein). The Programme size may be increased from time to 
time without the consent of the Holders of Notes in accordance with the 
Dealership Agreement. 
Currencies 
Any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), subject 
to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions. 
Status and waiver of Set 
off  
The Notes may be issued by the Issuer as Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes.  
The Senior Preferred Notes of each Series constitute direct, unsecured, 
unguaranteed and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and at least pari passu 
with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, present and future, save for such obligations as may be preferred 
by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
 
Holders of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes shall not be entitled to 
exercise any right of set off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the 
Issuer in respect of such Notes.

--- Page 18 ---
- 3 - 
 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute and will constitute direct, 
unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of the Issuer and rank and will 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. In the event of 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the rights and claims (if any) of 
holders of any Senior Non-Preferred Notes to payments of the Outstanding 
Principal Amount and any other amounts in respect of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (including any accrued and unpaid interest amount or 
damages awarded for breach of any obligations under these Conditions, if 
any are payable) shall (i) be subordinated to the claims of all depositors 
and other unsecured, unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer, provided that 
in each case such claims are not by mandatory provision of law ranked, or 
by their terms expressed to rank, pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes; (ii) rank at least pari passu with claims in respect of Parity 
Securities and with the claims of all other creditors of the Issuer which in 
each case by law rank, or by their terms, are expressed to rank pari passu 
with the claims of holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and (iii) rank 
senior to any Junior Securities of the Issuer. 
 
The Subordinated Notes constitute and will constitute direct, unsecured 
and unguaranteed obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves. In the event of 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the rights and claims (if any) of 
Holders of any Subordinated Notes to payments of the Outstanding 
Principal Amount and any other amounts in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes (including any accrued and unpaid interest amount or damages 
awarded for breach of any obligations under the Conditions, if any are 
payable) shall (i) be subordinated to the claims of all Senior Creditors of 
the Issuer; (ii) rank at least pari passu with the claims of all subordinated 
creditors of the Issuer which in each case by law rank, or by their terms, 
are expressed to rank pari passu with the Subordinated Notes; and (iii) 
rank senior to any share capital and any obligations of the Issuer ranking 
or expressed to rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes of the Issuer, subject 
in all cases to mandatory provisions of Finnish law. 
 
No Holder of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes shall be 
entitled to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys 
owed by the Issuer in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes (as applicable). 
Maturities 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s), subject to such minimum or maximum maturity as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price 
The Notes may be issued at any price. The price and amount of the Notes 
to be issued will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at 
the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Issuance in Series 
The Notes are issued in separate series (each, a "Series") and the Notes of 
each Series will all be subject to identical terms whether as to currency, 
denomination, interest or maturity or otherwise. Further Notes may be 
issued as part of an existing Series (each, a "Tranche"), Notes in respect 
of which will be identical in all respects (except issue price, issue date and 
interest commencement date, which may or may not be identical). 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Notes may be specified in the relevant Final Terms as "Swiss Franc 
Notes". Swiss Franc Notes will be issued in bearer form and will be 
represented by a Permanent Global Note which shall be deposited by the

--- Page 19 ---
- 4 - 
Swiss Paying Agent with SIS or such other depositary as may be approved 
by the SIX Swiss Exchange. Definitive Notes will only be issued at the 
sole discretion of the Swiss Paying Agent. The Swiss Paying Agent will 
be appointed by the Issuer from time to time in respect of any Series of 
Swiss Franc Notes. 
Notes may be specified in the relevant Final Terms as "VP Notes". VP 
Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form, 
with the legal title thereto being evidenced by book entries in the register 
for such VP Notes kept by VP Securities A/S on behalf of the Issuer. Title 
to VP Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of 
title. For the avoidance of doubt, the TEFRA C and TEFRA D Rules will 
not be applicable to VP Notes. Definitive Notes will not be issued in 
respect of any VP Notes. Nordea Bank Abp will act as the VP Issuing 
Agent in respect of VP Notes.  
Notes may be specified in the relevant Final Terms as "VPS Notes". VPS 
Notes will be issued by the Issuer pursuant to a Registrar Agreement with 
Nordea Bank Abp as VPS Paying Agent and will be registered in 
uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in accordance with 
Norwegian Securities Register Act 2002.   
 
Notes may be specified in the relevant Final Terms as "Swedish Notes". 
Swedish Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book 
entry form, with the legal title thereto being evidenced by book entries in 
the register for such Swedish Notes kept by Euroclear Sweden on behalf 
of the Issuer. Title to Swedish Notes will not be evidenced by any physical 
note or document of title. For the avoidance of doubt, the TEFRA C and 
TEFRA D Rules will not be applicable to Swedish Notes. Definitive Notes 
will not be issued in respect of any Swedish Notes. Nordea Bank Abp will 
act as the Swedish Issuing Agent in respect of Swedish Notes.  
Denomination of Notes 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, subject to (i) where such Notes are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area 
("EEA") or offered to the public in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation a 
minimum denomination of €100,000 (or, in the case of Notes not 
denominated in euros, the equivalent thereof in such foreign currency) and 
integral multiples of €1,000 (or, in the case of Notes not denominated in 
euros, 1,000 units of such foreign currency) in excess thereof; and (ii) 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. 
Interest 
Notes may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing. Notes may be issued 
as fixed rate, floating rate (based on LIBOR, EURIBOR, BBSW, BKBM, 
CDOR, CIBOR, HIBOR, JIBAR, MOSPRIME, NIBOR, SHIBOR, 
SOFR, SONIA, STIBOR, TIBOR, TIIE, TRLIBOR or WIBOR), zero 
coupon, reset or partly paid as set out in Condition 5 (Interest). In respect 
of each Tranche of interest-bearing Notes, the date from which interest 
becomes payable and the due dates for interest will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Payments 
Interest may be paid monthly, quarterly, semi-annually, annually or at such 
other intervals as are described in the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption 
The Notes may be redeemable at par or at such other redemption amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, redemption is 
permitted at any time following the occurrence of a Tax Event, a 
Withholding Tax Event, an MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of

--- Page 20 ---
- 5 - 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, 
following the MREL Disqualificaton Event Effective Date, Subordinated 
Notes), a Capital Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes), or at the 
option of the Issuer, in each case subject to the relevant Conditions to 
Redemption (to the extent applicable). 
Early redemption will otherwise be permitted only to the extent specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. Notes denominated in Pounds Sterling may 
not be redeemed prior to one year and one day from the date of issue. 
Early redemption of the Notes may only take place in accordance with the 
Applicable Banking Regulations and if the Issuer has been granted the 
permission of the Competent Authority (in the case of the Subordinated 
Notes) or the Resolution Authority (in the case of the Restricted Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) (as each such term is 
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) and, in each case, if 
such permission is then required under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations and subject to compliance with such further conditions to 
redemption (if any) as may be applicable in accordance with Condition 
6(j) (Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase). 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of Finnish withholding taxes unless required 
by law.  If such withholdings are required by Finnish law the Issuer will 
in certain circumstances pay certain additional amounts (in respect of 
interest only for Subordinated Notes) as described in, and subject to 
exceptions set out in, Condition 8 (Taxation). 
Substitution 
and 
Variation 
The Issuer may substitute or vary the terms of the Notes as provided in 
Condition 17 (Substitution and Variation) if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.   
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders of 
Notes or any Series, create and issue further Notes having the same terms 
and conditions as any Series of Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the amount of the first payment of interest, if any, on them), 
which may be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding 
Notes of such Series. 
Cross Default 
None. 
Negative Pledge 
None. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading 
Application will be made (i) to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under 
the Programme (other than Exempt Notes) to be admitted to the Official 
List and trading on the Regulated Market, (ii) to the CSSF and the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme 
(other than Exempt Notes) to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market "Bourse de Luxembourg" of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and (iii) 
to the NFSA for Notes issued under the Programme (other than Exempt 
Notes) to be admitted to listing on the Oslo Børs, in each case during the 
period of 12 months after the date hereof. The Regulated Market and the 
regulated markets of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the Oslo Børs 
are regulated markets for the purposes of EU MiFID II.  Such approvals 
relate only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market for the purposes of EU MiFID II and/or which are to be offered to 
the public in any Member State. 
Governing Law 
English law governs the Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them except that (i) the subordination 
provisions applicable to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated 
Notes are governed by the laws of the Relevant Jurisdiction; (ii) the

--- Page 21 ---
- 6 - 
registration of VP Notes in the VP are governed by Danish law; (iii) the 
registration of VPS Notes in the VPS are governed by Norwegian law; and 
(iv) the registration of Swedish Notes in the book entry system and register 
maintained by Euroclear Sweden are governed by Swedish law.  Holders 
of the Notes are entitled to the rights and subject to the obligations and 
liabilities arising under such regulations and legislation of such 
jurisdictions. 
Selling Restrictions 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Notes and on the distribution of offering material including in the United 
States of America, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, 
Denmark, Finland, France, Hong Kong, Ireland, Italy, Japan, 
Luxembourg, The Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, The People's 
Republic of China, Portugal, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and 
Taiwan, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Such rating will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating(s) assigned to the Issuer or to Notes already 
issued.  Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a 
relevant Tranche of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or by 
a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating 
agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed 
in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer cannot assure investors that any 
such ratings will not change in the future. A rating reflects only the views 
of the relevant rating agency and is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold the Notes and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency.   
Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to each Series will be as agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at or prior to the time of 
issuance of such Series, and will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to each Series will therefore be the 
relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus, 
as supplemented, modified or replaced by the relevant Final Terms in 
relation to each Series. 
Risk Factors 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. These are set out under the heading "Risk 
Factors." Investors should carefully consider these risk factors and all of 
the information in this Base Prospectus before deciding to buy Notes. 
Use of Proceeds  
The net proceeds of the issue of each Series of Notes will be used for the 
general banking and other corporate purposes of the Nordea Group. If, in 
respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 22 ---
- 7 - 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Notes involves a degree of risk.  Prospective investors should carefully consider the 
risks set forth below and the other information contained in this Base Prospectus prior to making any 
investment decision with respect to the Notes.  The risks described below could have a material adverse 
effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations or the value of the 
Notes.   
Additional risks and uncertainties, including those of which the Nordea Group's management is not 
currently aware or deems immaterial, may also potentially have an adverse effect on the Nordea Group's 
business, results of operations, financial condition or future prospects or may result in other events that 
could cause investors to lose all or part of their investment. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below present the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest or principal on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements 
below regarding the risks of holding any Notes is exhaustive. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NORDEA GROUP AND ITS BUSINESS 
Risks Relating to Macroeconomic Conditions 
The global coronavirus outbreak, which has negatively impacted the economies exposed to the outbreak, 
could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations and adversely affect the Nordea Group's ability to access capital and liquidity. 
The outbreak of COVID-19 (also commonly referred to as the "coronavirus") spread globally in the first 
half of 2020 and disrupted various markets and has resulted in significant uncertainty about the 
development of the economies affected by the outbreak both in Europe and elsewhere. The majority of the 
Nordea Group's operations are concentrated in the Nordic countries that have been, and are expected to 
continue to be, exposed to the coronavirus outbreak in a similar manner as a number of other European 
countries. The Nordea Group is affected by the coronavirus outbreak through its direct and indirect impact 
on the customers, counterparties, employees and other stakeholders of the Nordea Group, both in the Nordic 
countries and elsewhere, as a result of, among others, public health measures, such as business closings and 
restrictions on travel and gatherings. For example, the coronavirus outbreak and the preventive measures 
implemented in the Nordic countries and elsewhere to contain its spread could have an adverse effect on 
borrowers, which, in turn, could result in decreased credit quality and increased provisioning levels. 
Reflective of this, the net loan losses and similar net result of the Nordea Group increased in 2020 compared 
to 2019 to EUR 860 million, driven by loan loss provisions of EUR 443 million that were made to provide 
coverage for the likely near-term increase in loan losses related to the effects of the coronavirus pandemic 
as well as by underlying net loan losses of EUR 465 million, primarily reflecting individual provisions, 
particularly for the Oil, Gas & Offshore segment and other sectors, and updated macroeconomic scenarios 
in "IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments" provisioning models. There is also no certainty that such public health 
and other preventive measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the coronavirus outbreak, 
and the implementation of such measures (or their insufficiency) could have an adverse effect on the Nordea 
Group's operations, including the Nordea Group's ability to perform some of its critical functions and serve 
its customers. The exact ramifications of the coronavirus outbreak are uncertain and, as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, it is difficult to predict the duration of the pandemic, including the current "third wave" 
and any subsequent future resurgence, or the full effect of the pandemic on global and local economies or 
on the Nordea Group. 
There can also be no assurances that the adverse impact of the coronavirus outbreak will not lead to a 
tightening of liquidity conditions or funding uncertainty, or adversely affect the credit ratings assigned to 
Nordea or its subsidiaries. New regulatory requirements may also be introduced to address any liquidity 
concerns or other adverse effects the coronavirus outbreak may have on the financial sector, and financial 
institutions, such as the Nordea Group, could also become subject to related heightened supervisory 
demands. Any such requirements or demands may result in the Nordea Group having to modify its 
operational practices and incur substantial monitoring and compliance costs. Financial institutions are, due 
to the coronavirus outbreak, also activating business continuity and contingency plans, which, depending

--- Page 23 ---
- 8 - 
on the duration and overall adverse impact of the outbreak, could result in significant additional cost and 
adversely affect existing business models. In order to mitigate the economic effects of the coronavirus 
outbreak, national governments and regulators have also implemented, and are expected to continue to 
implement, measures intended to provide debt relief to various sectors of the economy, including but not 
limited to payment deferrals, limits on interest rates charged, and temporary relief from insolvency and 
bankruptcy measures. Many financial institutions, including the Nordea Group, have also offered support 
programmes to their customers in the form of, among others, instalment-free periods for outstanding loans 
of certain customer groups. These measures may have an adverse impact on the Nordea Group's ability to 
realise obligations owed by customers in a timely manner and could require it to find alternative sources of 
income or funding to address any such impact. Regulators have also issued rules and other guidance to 
financial institutions that aimed to encourage capital conservation, including recommendations by the 
European Central Bank ("ECB") that significant credit institutions, such as the Nordea Group, refrain from 
dividend payments and certain other distributions. The board of directors of Nordea acknowledged the 
ECB's recommendations, including the most recent recommendation issued on 15 December 2020 that 
banks not consider distributing any cash dividends or conducting share buy-backs, or to limit such 
distributions, until 30 September 2021 and, on 18 February 2021 announced that, based on the 
recommendation of, and after a dialogue with, the ECB, it had decided to distribute a dividend of EUR 0.07 
per share to shareholders in accordance with the authorisation by the 2020 AGM. The 2021 AGM of Nordea 
authorised the board of directors to decide on the second instalment of the dividend for 2019 (EUR 0.33 
per share) and the dividend for 2020 (EUR 0.39 per share). As discussed above, the board of directors of 
Nordea has decided to follow the ECB recommendation on dividend payments and any such decision will 
not be made before 1 October 2021. 
Any of the foregoing, and any future adverse consequences related to the coronavirus outbreak not yet 
known, could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results 
of operations and adversely affect the Nordea Group's ability to, among others, meet its financial targets or 
access capital and liquidity on financial terms acceptable to the Nordea Group. To the extent the coronavirus 
pandemic adversely affects the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Nordea Group, 
it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this "Risk Factors" section. 
Negative economic developments and conditions in the markets in which the Nordea Group operates can 
adversely affect the Nordea Group's business and results of operations. 
The Nordea Group's performance is significantly influenced by the general economic conditions in the 
Nordic markets (Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden). Development of the economic conditions in 
other markets where the Nordea Group currently operates, including Russia and, through Nordea's minority 
ownership in Luminor, a Baltic bank active in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, the Baltic countries, can also 
affect the Nordea Group's performance. In recent years, the economic conditions in the Nordic region have, 
in general, developed more favourably relative to the rest of Europe, benefiting from generally sound public 
finances. However, there have been differences between countries within the region. In 2018, growth 
continued in the Nordic economies, and unemployment levels continued to decrease in each Nordic country. 
In Denmark, the economy grew by 0.9 per cent., supported by high employment levels, while the growth 
rate was adversely affected due to an unusually warm and dry summer leading to a poor harvest. In Finland, 
the economy continued to grow with a rate of 2.3 per cent. driven both by domestic demand and increased 
exports. In Norway, the economy grew by 2.9 per cent. and in Sweden the economy continued to grow with 
a rate of 2.3 per cent. In 2019, the slowing down of the global economy affected the Nordic countries, albeit 
to varying degrees. Finland and Sweden were impacted to a greater degree, particularly in their business 
cycle development, while Norway and Denmark fared better due to their somewhat different corporate 
sector structures. The Norwegian economy had the highest growth rate in the Nordic region in 2019 with 
2.5 per cent., followed by the economy in Denmark that grew with a rate of 2.1 per cent., Finland with a 
rate of 1.5 per cent. and Sweden with a rate of 1.1 per cent.  In 2020, economic activity declined across all 
Nordic countries due to the spread of the coronavirus pandemic. The Swedish economy decreased by 2.8 
per cent. in 2020, followed by the Finnish economy that was reduced at a rate of 3.2 per cent., Norway at 
3.4 per cent. and Denmark at 3.7 per cent. 
Adverse economic developments have affected and may continue to affect the Nordea Group's business in 
a number of ways, including, among others, the income, wealth, liquidity, business and/or financial 
condition of the Nordea Group's customers, which, in turn, could further reduce the Nordea Group's credit 
quality and demand for the Nordea Group's financial products and services. As a result, any or all of the 
conditions described above could continue to have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations, and measures implemented by the Nordea Group might not 
be satisfactory to reduce any credit, market and liquidity risks.

--- Page 24 ---
- 9 - 
Accommodative monetary policies, in particular low interest rate levels, in the countries where the Nordea 
Group operates have recently also had, and are expected to continue to have, an impact on the Nordea 
Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. In recent years, the ECB and local central 
banks have reduced interest rates to record lows, with interest rates reaching negative levels in many 
countries, including Denmark, Sweden and the euro countries. Any further reductions in interest rates or a 
prolonged period of low interest rates may result in a decrease in the net interest margin of the Nordea 
Group, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. See also "—Risks Relating to Market Exposure—The Nordea Group is 
exposed to structural market risk—Structural Interest Rate Risk" below. 
Disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets may adversely impact the Nordea Group. 
In recent years, the global financial markets have experienced significant disruptions and volatility as a 
result of, among other things, concerns regarding the overall stability of the euro area, fears related to a 
slowdown of the Chinese economy and uncertainty relating to the timing of monetary policy changes in the 
United States. In Europe, the continued modest GDP growth and low inflation have raised concerns, as 
evidenced by the quantitative easing programme introduced by the ECB in January 2015 which was 
extended to the end of 2018, and subsequently resumed in September 2019 and expanded in March and 
June 2020, and the uncertainty over the continued weak economic development of certain countries in the 
euro area, in particular Greece and Italy, and their remaining a member in the euro area has continued. The 
market conditions have also been, and are likely to continue to be, affected by the slower economic growth 
and increased debt levels in China, the timing of monetary policy changes in the United States and the 
volatile global oil prices. Geopolitical events, such as continued tensions in the Middle East and the Korean 
Peninsula, the UK's withdrawal from the EU (see also "—Risks Relating to the Legal and Regulatory 
Environments in which the Nordea Group Operates—The United Kingdom's withdrawal from the EU may 
adversely affect the Nordea Group's operations" below), past changes in certain policy goals of the U.S. 
government and changes in trade policies globally, including the introduction of protectionist initiatives 
such as new or higher tariffs, pandemics and widespread public health crises have also caused, and are 
likely to continue to cause, uncertainty in the markets and concern about the development of the global 
economy. For example, the coronavirus outbreak, which spread globally in the first half of 2020, has 
disrupted various markets and resulted in significant uncertainty about the development of the economies 
affected by the outbreak (see also "—The global coronavirus outbreak, which has negatively impacted the 
economies exposed to the outbreak, could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations and adversely affect the Nordea Group’s ability to access 
capital and liquidity" above). There can also be no assurances that a potential tightening of liquidity 
conditions in the future as a result of, for example, further deterioration of public finances of certain 
European countries will not lead to new funding uncertainty, resulting in increased volatility and widening 
credit spreads. Risks related to the economic development in Europe have also had and, despite the recent 
periods of moderate stabilisation, may continue to have, a negative impact on global economic activity and 
the financial markets. If these conditions continue to persist, or should there be any further turbulence in 
these or other markets, this could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group’s ability to access 
capital and liquidity on financial terms acceptable to the Nordea Group. Further, any of the foregoing factors 
could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Risks Relating to the Nordea Group's Credit Portfolio 
Deterioration in counterparties' credit quality may affect the Nordea Group's financial performance. 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from 
counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Nordea Group's businesses. The Nordea Group makes 
provisions for loan losses in accordance with IFRS. However, the provisions made are based on available 
information, estimates and assumptions and are subject to uncertainty, and there can be no assurances that 
the provisions will be sufficient to cover the amount of loan losses as they occur. Adverse changes in the 
credit quality of the Nordea Group's borrowers and counterparties, or a decrease in collateral values, are 
likely to affect the recoverability and value of the Nordea Group's assets and require an increase in the 
Nordea Group's individual provisions and potentially in collective provisions for impaired loans, which in 
turn would adversely affect the Nordea Group's financial performance. In particular, the Nordea Group's 
exposure to corporate customers is subject to adverse changes in credit quality should the economic 
environment in the Nordea Group's markets deteriorate. For example, the Oil, Gas & Offshore segment was 
particularly adversely affected by the coronavirus pandemic in 2020, resulting in increased individual 
provisions compared to 2019. The ability of the Nordea Group's borrowers may also be affected by foreign

--- Page 25 ---
- 10 - 
exchange risk to the extent their loans are denominated in a currency other than the currency they earn their 
main income in. For more information see also "—Risks Relating to Macroeconomic Conditions—Negative 
economic developments and conditions in the markets in which the Nordea Group operates can adversely 
affect the Nordea Group's business and results of operations" above and "—Risks Relating to the Legal 
and Regulatory Environments in which the Nordea Group Operates—Changes in the Nordea Group's 
accounting policies or in accounting standards could materially affect how it reports its financial condition 
and results of operations" and "—Other Risks Relating to the Nordea Group's Business—The operations of 
the Nordea Group outside the Nordic markets, in particular Russia, are subject to risks that do not apply, 
or apply to a lesser degree, to its businesses in the Nordic markets" below. Further, actual loan losses vary 
over the business cycle. A significant increase in the size of the Nordea Group's allowance for loan losses 
and loan losses not covered by allowances would have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations.  
The Nordea Group is exposed to counterparty credit risk. 
The Nordea Group routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, 
including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, funds and other institutional and 
corporate clients. Many of these transactions expose the Nordea Group to the risk that the Nordea Group's 
counterparty in a foreign exchange, interest rate, commodity, equity or credit derivative contract defaults 
on its obligations prior to maturity when the Nordea Group has an outstanding claim against that 
counterparty. Counterparty credit risk also appears in repurchasing agreements and other securities 
financing contracts. Due to volatility in foreign exchange and fixed income markets during the past years, 
counterparty credit risk has remained at an elevated level compared to the period preceding the global 
financial and economic crisis. This credit risk may also be exacerbated when the collateral held by the 
Nordea Group cannot be realised or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the 
counterparty exposure. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations.  
As a consequence of its transactions in financial instruments, including foreign exchange rate and derivative 
contracts, the Nordea Group is also exposed to settlement risk and transfer risk. Settlement risk is the risk 
of losing the principal on a financial contract due to default by the counterparty after the Nordea Group has 
given irrevocable instructions for a transfer of a principal amount or security, but before receipt of the 
corresponding payment or security has been finally confirmed. Transfer risk is the risk attributable to the 
transfer of money from a country other than the country where a borrower is domiciled, which is affected 
by the changes in the economic conditions and political situation in the countries concerned. 
Risks Relating to Market Exposure 
The Nordea Group is exposed to market price risk. 
The Nordea Group's customer-driven trading operations and its treasury operations (where the Nordea 
Group holds investment and liquidity portfolios for its own account) are the key contributors to market 
price risk in the Nordea Group. The fair value of financial instruments held by the Nordea Group, including 
bonds, equity investments, cash in various currencies, investments in private equity, hedge and credit funds, 
commodities and derivatives, are sensitive to volatility of and correlations between various market 
variables, including interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices and foreign exchange rates. To the extent 
volatile market conditions persist or recur, the fair value of the Nordea Group's bond, derivative and 
structured credit portfolios, as well as other classes, could fall more than estimated, and therefore cause the 
Nordea Group to record write-downs. Future valuations of the assets for which the Nordea Group has 
already recorded or estimated write-downs, which will reflect the then-prevailing market conditions, may 
result in significant changes in the fair values of these assets. Further, the value of certain financial 
instruments is recorded at fair value, which is determined by using financial models incorporating 
assumptions, judgments and estimations that are uncertain and which may change over time or may be 
inaccurate. Any of these factors could require the Nordea Group to recognise further write-downs or realise 
impairment charges, which may have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. In addition, because the Nordea Group's trading and investment income 
depends to a great extent on the performance of financial markets, volatile market conditions could result 
in a significant decline in the Nordea Group's trading and investment income, or result in a trading loss, 
which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations.

--- Page 26 ---
- 11 - 
The Nordea Group is exposed to structural market risk. 
Structural Interest Rate Risk 
Like all banks, the Nordea Group earns interest from loans and other assets, and pays interest to its 
depositors and other creditors. The net effect of changes to the Nordea Group's net interest income depends 
on the relative levels of assets and liabilities that are affected by the changes in interest rates. The Nordea 
Group is exposed to structural interest income risk when there is a mismatch between the interest rate 
re-pricing periods, volumes or reference rates of its assets, liabilities and derivatives. This mismatch could, 
in the event of changes in interest rates, have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's financial 
condition and results of operations.  
Structural Foreign Exchange Risk 
The Nordea Group is exposed to currency translation risk primarily as a result of its Norwegian and Swedish 
banking businesses, as it prepares its consolidated financial statements in its functional currency, the euro. 
Because the Nordea Group shows translation differences between the local currency denominated equity 
positions of its fully consolidated subsidiaries, the euro effects arising from currency translation may reduce 
equity. In addition, because some of the Nordea Group's consolidated risk exposure amount ("REA"), 
against which the Nordea Group is required to hold a minimum level of capital, is denominated in local 
currencies, any significant depreciation of the euro against these local currencies would adversely impact 
the Nordea Group's capital adequacy ratios. The Nordea Group is also subject to foreign exchange risk in 
connection with its non-euro denominated funding arrangements. While the Nordea Group generally 
follows a policy of hedging its foreign exchange risk, including by seeking to match the currency of its 
assets with the currency of the liabilities that fund them and by entering into hedging arrangements with 
respect to currency exposures, there can be no assurances that the Nordea Group will be able to successfully 
hedge some or all of this currency risk exposure or that it will in all instances be feasible for the Nordea 
Group to hedge such exposure.  
Risks Relating to Liquidity and Capital Requirements 
The Nordea Group's business performance could be affected if its capital adequacy ratios are reduced 
or perceived to be inadequate. 
The Nordea Group is required to maintain certain capital adequacy ratios pursuant to EU and Finnish 
legislation. The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "BCBS") has introduced a number of 
fundamental reforms to the regulatory capital framework for internationally active banks, the principal 
elements of which are set out in its papers released on 16 December 2010 (together with a 13 January 2011 
press release setting out minimum requirements for additional tier 1 and tier 2 instruments to ensure loss 
absorbency at the point of non-viability, "Basel III"). Basel III has been implemented in the EU by way of 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the 
activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (as 
amended), (the "Capital Requirements Directive") and the direct application of the Regulation (EU) No. 
575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for 
credit institutions and investment firms (as amended, the "CRR" and, together with the Capital 
Requirements Directive and the CRD Implementing Measures (as such term is defined in the Conditions), 
the "CRD") in each EU Member State. The CRR has applied in all EU Member States from 1 January 2014 
and the Finnish legislation implementing the Capital Requirements Directive entered into force in 2014. 
The rules applicable to the capital and liquidity of financial institutions have been amended across the EU 
as part of the banking package (as defined below). The amendments to the CRR entered into force between 
June 2019 and June 2021, while the amendments to the Capital Requirements Directive entered into force 
on 28 December 2020. The Finnish national transposition of the CRD amendments entered into force on 1 
April 2021 (the "Finnish Banking Package"). The Finnish Banking Package includes, among other things, 
the introduction of a binding net stable funding ratio, a binding leverage ratio requirement, treatment of 
non-preferred senior debt in the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") and 
a cumulative treatment of the other systemically important institution buffer (the "O-SII buffer") and the 
systemic risk buffer. The resulting changes may lead to further enhanced requirements in relation to the 
Nordea Group's capital, liquidity and funding ratios or alter the way such ratios are calculated and, as a 
result, adversely affect the Nordea Group's capital position. 
Local regulators may, nevertheless, require higher capital buffers than those required under current or 
proposed future regulations due to, among other things, the continued general uncertainty involving the

--- Page 27 ---
- 12 - 
financial services industry and the concerns over global and local economic conditions or, in the case of 
institution-specific capital requirements, over the financial position of an institution. Any such 
requirements, or perception by debt and equity investors, analysts or other market professionals that the 
capital buffers should be higher, or any concern regarding compliance with future capital adequacy 
requirements, could increase the Nordea Group's borrowing costs, limit its access to capital markets or 
result in a downgrade in its credit ratings, which could have a material adverse effect on its results of 
operations, financial condition and liquidity. In addition, lower internal credit rating of customers, 
substantial market volatility, widening credit spreads, changes in the general capital adequacy regulatory 
framework or regulatory treatment of certain positions, such as changes in risk weights assigned to asset 
classes, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, decreases in collateral ratios as a consequence of the 
deterioration of the market value of underlying assets, or deterioration of the economic environment, among 
other things, could result in an increase in the Nordea Group's REA, which potentially may reduce the 
Nordea Group's capital adequacy ratios. If the Nordea Group were to experience a reduction in its capital 
adequacy ratios, and could not raise further capital, it would have to reduce its lending or investments in 
other operations. See also "—Risks Relating to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which the Nordea 
Group Operates—The Nordea Group may incur substantial costs in monitoring and complying with new 
capital adequacy and recovery and resolution framework requirements" below. 
Liquidity risk is inherent in the Nordea Group's operations. 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Nordea Group will be unable to meet its obligations as they fall due or 
meet its liquidity commitments only at an increased cost. A substantial portion of the Nordea Group's 
liquidity and funding requirements is met through reliance on customer deposits, as well as ongoing access 
to wholesale funding markets, including issuance of long-term debt market instruments, such as covered 
bonds. The volume of these funding sources, in particular long-term funding, may be constrained during 
periods of liquidity stress. Turbulence in the global financial markets and economy may adversely affect 
the Nordea Group's liquidity and the willingness of certain counterparties and customers to do business 
with the Nordea Group, which may result in a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business and 
results of operations. 
The Nordea Group's funding costs and its access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on its 
credit ratings.  
There can be no assurances that Nordea or its mortgage subsidiaries will be able to maintain their current 
ratings or that the Nordea Group will retain current ratings on its debt instruments. A reduction in the current 
long-term ratings of Nordea or one of its mortgage subsidiaries may increase their funding costs, limit 
access to the capital markets and trigger additional collateral requirements in derivative contracts and other 
secured funding arrangements. Therefore, a reduction in credit ratings could adversely affect the Nordea 
Group's access to liquidity and its competitive position and, as a result, have a material adverse effect on 
its business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Other Risks Relating to the Nordea Group's Business  
The Nordea Group faces competition in all markets. 
There is competition for the types of banking and other products and services that the Nordea Group 
provides and there can be no assurances that the Nordea Group can maintain its competitive position. In 
addition, the financial services market may face significant changes due to the development of digital 
banking and changes in consumer behaviour as well as regulatory developments, such as the 
implementation of the Revised Payment Services Directive 2015/2366/EU that, among others, introduced 
new, more robust security requirements for online transactions, as well as new operators entering the 
market. Even though the Nordea Group is implementing a transformational change agenda involving, 
among other things, significant investments in technology, there can be no assurances that the Nordea 
Group will be able to continue to adjust its operating models and arrangements to respond to new forms of 
competition. If the Nordea Group is unable to provide competitive product and service offerings, it may 
fail to attract new customers and/or retain existing customers, experience decreases in its interest, fee and 
commission income, and/or lose market share, the occurrence of any of which could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 28 ---
- 13 - 
Operational risks, including risks in connection with investment advice, may affect the Nordea Group's 
business. 
The Nordea Group's business operations are dependent on the ability to process a large number of complex 
transactions across different markets in many currencies. The Nordea Group's operations are carried out 
through a number of entities. Operational losses, including monetary damages, reputational damage, costs, 
and direct and indirect financial losses and/or write-downs, may result from inadequacies or failures in 
internal processes, information technology ("IT") and other systems (including the implementation of new 
systems and platforms), licences from external suppliers, fraud or other criminal actions, employee errors, 
outsourcing, failure to properly document transactions or agreements with customers, vendors, sub-
contractors, co-operation partners and other third parties, or to obtain or maintain proper authorisation, or 
from customer complaints, failure to comply with regulatory requirements, including but not limited to 
anti-money laundering, economic and financial sanctions, data protection and antitrust regulations, conduct 
of business rules, equipment failures, failure to protect its assets, including intellectual property rights and 
collateral, failure of physical and security protection, natural disasters or the failure of external systems, 
including those of the Nordea Group's suppliers or counterparties and failure to fulfil its obligations, 
contractual or otherwise. Although the Nordea Group has implemented risk controls and taken other actions 
to mitigate exposures and/or losses, there can be no assurances that such procedures will be effective in 
controlling each of the operational risks faced by the Nordea Group, or that the Nordea Group's reputation 
will not be damaged by the occurrence of any operational risks.  
As a part of its banking and asset management activities, the Nordea Group provides its customers with 
investment advice, access to internally as well as externally managed funds and serves as custodian of third-
party funds. In the event of losses incurred by its customers due to investment advice from the Nordea 
Group, or the misconduct or fraudulent actions of external fund managers, the Nordea Group's customers 
may seek compensation from the Nordea Group. Such compensation might be sought even if the Nordea 
Group has no direct exposure to such risks, or has not recommended such counterparties to its customers. 
In addition, providing investment advice is subject to reputational risk, and claims from customers or 
penalties imposed by competent authorities with respect to investment advice provided by the Nordea 
Group could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's reputation, business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
Nordea may not be able to realise the savings it expects to generate through the Re-domiciliation. 
As discussed in more detail under "The Nordea Group—Legal Structure—Nordea Group", on 6 September 
2017 the board of directors of Nordea decided to initiate the Re-domiciliation, that is, the re-domiciliation 
of the parent company of the Nordea Group from Sweden to Finland, which is participating in the EU's 
banking union. This decision was, in part, based on the expected savings related to resolution fees, deposit 
guarantee fees and other transitional effects due to the Re-domiciliation. The estimates related to the 
expected savings were based on a number of assumptions and judgments relating to, among others, the 
level of resolution and deposit guarantee fees going forward and transitional effects due to the Re-
domiciliation and were prepared based on Nordea's expectation on the development of the commercial, 
regulatory and economic environments. The estimates related to expected savings did not reflect 
unanticipated events that, among others, may result from developments in the regulatory regime, including 
the applicable capital requirements and tax regulations, that the Nordea Group is subject to or potential 
unforeseen costs related to the Re-domiciliation. There can be no assurances that the anticipated cost 
savings related to the Re-domiciliation will materialise, and any failure to fully materialise the anticipated 
cost savings could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
Profitability in the Nordea Group's life and pension business depends on regulations and guidelines in 
the countries in which it operates. 
In addition to insurance risk and investment risks related to its life insurance business common to all life 
insurance and pension providers, the Nordea Group's ability to generate profit from its insurance 
subsidiaries generally depends on the level of fees and other income generated by the insurance and pension 
business. The level of fees and other income which the Nordea Group may earn from its life insurance 
subsidiaries differs from country to country, depending on regulations and guidelines promulgated by the 
relevant financial services authorities on shareholder fees, IFRS bridging, profit sharing and solvency 
requirements.

--- Page 29 ---
- 14 - 
The operations of the Nordea Group outside the Nordic markets, in particular Russia, are subject to risks 
that do not apply, or apply to a lesser degree, to its businesses in the Nordic markets. 
The Nordea Group's operations outside the Nordic markets present various risks that do not apply, or apply 
to a lesser degree, to its businesses in the Nordic markets. Some of these markets, in particular Russia, are 
typically more volatile and less developed economically and politically than markets in Western Europe 
and North America. The Nordea Group faces economic and political risk, including economic volatility, 
recession, inflationary pressure, exchange rate fluctuation risk and interruption of business, as well as civil 
unrest, moratorium, imposition of exchange controls, sanctions relating to specific countries, expropriation, 
nationalisation, renegotiation or nullification of existing contracts, sovereign default and changes in law or 
tax policy. For example, the crisis in the region of Crimea and eastern Ukraine that commenced in early 
2014 and related events, such as the sanctions imposed by the United States and the EU against Russia, 
have had an adverse effect on the economic climate in Russia. Should the crisis in these regions continue 
or new or escalated tensions between Russia and Ukraine or other countries emerge, or should additional 
economic, financial or other sanctions in response to such crises or tensions be imposed, this could have a 
further adverse effect on the economies in Russia, neighbouring regions and other countries. Even though 
the Nordea Group has in recent years reduced its exposure in Russia, risks related to the Nordea Group's 
remaining operations in Russia could impact the ability or obligations of the Nordea Group's borrowers to 
repay their loans and the ability of the Nordea Group to utilise collateral held as security and affect interest 
rates and foreign exchange rates, and could produce social instability and adversely impact levels of 
economic activity, which would have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations in Russia. 
The Nordea Group could fail to attract or retain senior management or other key employees. 
The Nordea Group's performance is, to a large extent, dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled 
individuals, and the continued ability of the Nordea Group to compete effectively and implement its strategy 
depends on its ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate existing employees. Competition 
from within the financial services industry, including from other financial institutions, as well as from 
businesses outside the financial services industry for key employees is intense. New regulatory restrictions, 
such as the limits on certain types of remuneration paid by credit institutions and investment firms set forth 
in CRD, could adversely affect the Nordea Group's ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate 
existing employees. Any loss of the services of key employees, particularly to competitors, or the inability 
to attract and retain highly skilled personnel in the future could have an adverse effect on the Nordea 
Group's business. 
The Nordea Group may not be able to successfully implement its strategy. 
The Nordea Group's strategy is to be a leading Nordic relationship bank. This strategy has three key 
priorities: to drive income growth initiatives, create great customer experiences and optimise operational 
efficiency. To execute this strategy and to further improve profitability, Nordea launched a new business 
plan and introduced new financial targets in October 2019. For more information, see "The Nordea Group—
Strategy". There can be no assurances that the Nordea Group will be able to successfully implement its 
strategy within the expected timeframe or at all, and the expected benefits of the Nordea Group's strategy 
may not materialise, including if the markets in which the Nordea Group operates do not develop as 
expected. Furthermore, the Nordea Group's strategy may have negative consequences in respect of 
attracting and retaining employees (see "—The Nordea Group could fail to attract or retain senior 
management or other key employees" above) or other areas. Any of the above could have a material adverse 
effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Risks Relating to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which the Nordea Group Operates 
The Nordea Group is subject to extensive regulation that is subject to change. 
Companies active in the financial services industry, including the Nordea Group, operate under an extensive 
regulatory regime. The Nordea Group is subject to laws and regulations, administrative actions and policies 
as well as related oversight from the local regulators in each of the jurisdictions in which it has operations. 
These jurisdictions include Finland, where the Nordea Group's parent company Nordea Bank Abp is based, 
Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Russia, China, Estonia, Luxembourg, Poland, Singapore, the United Kingdom 
and the United States. The Nordea Group is also under the direct supervision and subject to the regulations 
of the ECB, as a result of the size of its assets (see also "—The regulatory framework to which the Nordea 
Group is subject imposes restrictions on discretionary payments if certain capital requirements or loss 
absorbing capacity requirements are not met" below). These laws and regulations, requirements,

--- Page 30 ---
- 15 - 
administrative actions and policies are subject to change and may from time to time require significant costs 
to comply with.   
Areas where changes or developments in regulation and/or oversight could have an adverse impact include, 
but are not limited to, (i) changes in monetary, interest rate and other policies, (ii) general changes in 
government and regulatory policies or regimes which may significantly influence customer or investor 
decisions or may increase the costs of doing business in the Nordea Group's markets, (iii) changes in capital 
adequacy framework, imposition of onerous compliance obligations, restrictions on business growth or 
pricing and requirements to operate in a way that prioritises other objectives over shareholder value 
creation, (iv) changes in competition and pricing environments, (v) differentiation amongst financial 
institutions by governments with respect to the extension of guarantees to bank customer deposits and the 
terms attaching to such guarantees, (vi) expropriation, nationalisation, confiscation of assets and changes 
in legislation relating to foreign ownership, (vii) further developments in the financial reporting 
environment and (viii) other unfavourable political, military or diplomatic developments producing legal 
uncertainty, which, in each case, may affect demand for the Nordea Group's products and services. See also 
"—The global coronavirus outbreak, which has negatively impacted the economies exposed to the 
outbreak, could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations and adversely affect the Nordea Group’s ability to access capital and liquidity" above. 
As a result of global financial and economic crises, a number of regulatory initiatives have been proposed 
and taken to amend or implement rules and regulations, which have had, or could likely have, an impact on 
the business of the Nordea Group. Such initiatives include, but are not limited to, requirements for liquidity, 
capital adequacy and handling of counterparty risks, regulatory tools provided to authorities to allow them 
to intervene in scenarios of distress and the introduction of a common system of financial transactions tax 
in the euro area. One such requirement is the obligation under the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
2014/59/EU ("BRRD")  for banks, such as Nordea, to contribute to resolution funds, the purpose of which 
are to finance the resolution of failing banks without having to resort to taxpayer money. Nordea contributes 
to the EU-wide Single Resolution Fund ("SRF"). See also "— The supervision of the Nordea Group was 
recently transferred to the ECB and the Nordea Group became subject to the European Single Supervisory 
Mechanism and the European Single Resolution Mechanism". 
Regulatory developments such as these or any other requirements, restrictions, limitations on the operations 
of financial institutions and costs involved, or unexpected requirements under, or uncertainty with respect 
to, the regulatory framework to be applied to the Nordea Group, could have a material adverse effect on 
the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.  
The Nordea Group may incur substantial costs in monitoring and complying with new capital adequacy 
and recovery and resolution framework requirements. 
The BCBS has introduced a number of fundamental reforms to the regulatory capital framework for 
internationally active banks, the principal elements of which are set out in Basel III. Basel III has been 
implemented in the EU by way of the Capital Requirements Directive and the direct application of the CRR 
in each EU Member State. The CRR sets higher capital and liquidity requirements on banks that are 
required, among other things, to hold more common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital. The heightened capital 
requirements, the continuing regulatory developments and higher demands on liquidity have resulted, and 
are likely to continue to result, in the Nordea Group, similar to other financial institutions, incurring 
substantial costs in monitoring and complying with these new requirements, which may also adversely 
affect the business environment in the financial sector. Furthermore, the EU has introduced a recovery and 
resolution framework for credit institutions and investment firms, which includes a so-called "bail-in" 
system, as well as a single supervisory mechanism, a single resolution mechanism and a full banking union 
in the euro area. These new requirements, other proposals and supervisory structures may impact existing 
business models. See also "—Recent regulatory actions may affect the Nordea Group's funding needs and 
capital position" below. 
Recent regulatory actions may affect the Nordea Group's funding needs and capital position. 
Nordea operates under the BRRD that was transposed in Finland on 1 January 2015 through the Finnish 
Act on Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms (Fi: laki luottolaitosten ja 
sijoituspalveluyritysten kriisinratkaisusta (1194/2014)) and the Finnish Act on Financial Stability 
Authority (Fi: laki rahoitusvakausviranomaisesta (1195/2014)). 
To ensure that banks always have sufficient loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity, the BRRD and 
the SRM Regulation provide for the relevant resolution authority to set minimum requirements for own

--- Page 31 ---
- 16 - 
funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") for each institution, based on, among other criteria, its size, risk 
and business model. The framework for MREL for banks (the "MREL Framework") is conceptually 
similar to the principles for Total Loss Absorbing Capacity ("TLAC") issued by the Financial Stability 
Board ("FSB") and both aim to ensure that banks have sufficient loss absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity to preserve the continuity of critical functions, ensure financial stability, and minimise the burden 
to taxpayers arising from any failure of the institution. 
According to the MREL Framework, there is a particular need to ensure that authorities possess the 
necessary legal powers to expose eligible instruments to loss and that they can exercise their powers without 
material risk of successful legal challenge or giving rise to compensation costs under the "no creditor worse 
off than in liquidation" ("NCWOL") principle. Similarly, authorities must be confident that the holders of 
these instruments are able to absorb losses and recapitalise in a time of stress in the financial markets 
without spreading contagion and without necessitating the allocation of loss to liabilities where that would 
cause disruption to critical functions or significant financial instability. Eligible instruments should, 
therefore, not include operational liabilities on which the performance of critical functions depends, and a 
minimum proportion of such eligible liabilities should be subordinated in some way to those operational 
liabilities and certain other specified categories of obligations (a so-called "subordination requirement"). 
Any instruments or liabilities that cannot be written down or converted into equity by the relevant resolution 
authority without giving rise to material risk of NCWOL claims should not be eligible as MREL and may 
give rise to a requirement to issue additional eligible liabilities under the MREL Framework. 
There is a risk that the MREL requirements could require the Nordea Group to issue additional MREL 
eligible liabilities, which, in turn, may increase the Nordea Group's funding costs and have an adverse effect 
on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The regulatory framework to which the Nordea Group is subject imposes restrictions on discretionary 
payments if certain capital requirements or loss absorbing capacity requirements are not met.  
The capital and regulatory framework to which the Nordea Group is, and will be, subject imposes certain 
requirements for the Nordea Group to hold sufficient levels of capital, including common equity tier 1 
(CET1) capital and additional loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity (including MREL eligible 
liabilities). A failure to comply with such requirements, as the same may be amended from time to time, 
may result in restrictions on Nordea's ability to make "discretionary payments" in certain circumstances. If 
the Nordea Group's ability to make "discretionary payments" becomes subject to such restrictions, this 
could have an adverse impact on its ability to raise, and the cost of, any form of capital or funding.  
The restrictions on "discretionary payments" will be scaled according to the extent of the breach of the 
combined buffer requirement (which is positioned above the relevant capital and MREL requirements) and 
calculated in accordance with the CRD, by reference to certain profits of the institution. Such calculation 
will result in a maximum distributable amount ("MDA") for the relevant period. As an example, the scaling 
is such that if the level of a bank's total common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital falls within the bottom quartile 
of the combined buffer requirement, no "discretionary payments" will be permitted to be paid. As a 
consequence, in the event of a breach of the combined buffer requirement it may be necessary for Nordea 
to reduce "discretionary payments", including dividend payments on its shares and payments on its 
additional tier 1 instruments.  
The supervision of the Nordea Group was recently transferred to the ECB and the Nordea Group became 
subject to the European Single Supervisory Mechanism and the European Single Resolution 
Mechanism. 
The licensing of credit institutions and the supervision of the most significant banks and financial groups 
in the euro area were transferred to the ECB as of 4 November 2014 in the context of the European Single 
Supervisory Mechanism (the "SSM"). Furthermore, the EU has adopted a directly applicable regulation 
governing the resolution of the most significant financial institutions in the euro area, that is, a regulation 
establishing a single resolution mechanism (the "Single Resolution Mechanism") for financial institutions 
(Regulation (EU) No 806/2014, the "SRM Regulation"). The Single Resolution Mechanism establishes 
the European Single Resolution Board (the "SRB") that has resolution powers over the entities that are 
subject to the SRM Regulation and, thereby, replaces the national authorities as the relevant resolution 
authority with respect to such institutions. Following the Re-domiciliation, the Nordea Group has been 
subject to the resolution powers of the SRB as from 1 October 2018. 
The SRB has the authority to exercise the specific resolution powers pursuant to the SRM Regulation 
similar to those of the national resolution authorities under the BRRD. These specific resolution powers

--- Page 32 ---
- 17 - 
include the sale of business tool, the bridge institution tool, the asset separation tool and the bail-in tool 
and, as a pre-resolution tool in respect of capital instruments, the mandatory write-down and conversion 
power. The use of one or more of these tools will be included in a resolution scheme to be adopted by the 
SRB. National resolution authorities will remain responsible for the execution of the resolution scheme 
according to the instructions of the SRB. 
The SRB has prepared and adopted a resolution plan for the entities subject to its powers, including the 
Nordea Group. It has also determined, after consulting competent authorities including the ECB, the MREL 
requirements which the Nordea Group is expected to be required to meet at all times. The SRB also has the 
powers of early intervention as set forth in the SRM Regulation, including the power to require the Nordea 
Group to contact potential purchasers in order to prepare for resolution of the Nordea Group. These will be 
launched if the SRB assesses that the following conditions are met: (i) the Nordea Group is failing or is 
likely to fail; (ii) having regard to timing and other relevant circumstances, there is no reasonable prospect 
that any alternative private sector measures or supervisory action or the write-down or conversion of 
relevant capital instruments, taken in respect of the Nordea Group, would prevent its failure within a 
reasonable timeframe; and (iii) a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. 
The exercise of resolution powers by the SRB with respect to the Issuer or any suggestion of such exercise 
will likely materially adversely affect the price or value of an investment in Notes and/or the ability of the 
Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such Notes and could lead to the holders of the Notes losing some or 
all of their investment in the Notes.  
Legal and regulatory claims arise in the conduct of the Nordea Group's business. 
Companies active in the financial services industry, such as the Nordea Group, operate under a 
comprehensive regulatory regime and are subject to extensive regulatory supervision, with recently 
heightened scrutiny by supervisory authorities of the regulatory compliance by such companies. This 
regulatory environment makes the Nordea Group susceptible to regulatory and litigation risks. In the 
ordinary course of its business, the Nordea Group is subject to regulatory oversight and liability risk. The 
Nordea Group carries out operations through a number of legal entities in a number of jurisdictions and is 
subject to regulations, including, but not limited to, regulations on conduct of business, anti-money 
laundering, economic and financial sanctions, payments, consumer credits, capital requirements, reporting 
and corporate governance, in such jurisdictions. Regulations and regulatory requirements are also 
continuously amended and new requirements are imposed on the Nordea Group. There can be no assurances 
that breaches of regulations by the Nordea Group have not occurred in the past or will not occur in the 
future or that such breaches would not result in significant liability, penalties or other negative financial 
consequences. 
The Nordea Group is involved in a variety of claims, disputes, legal proceedings and investigations in 
jurisdictions where it is active. For example, in June 2015 the Danish financial supervisory authority 
investigated the compliance of Nordea Bank Danmark A/S with applicable anti-money laundering 
regulations. The investigation resulted in criticism and the matter was, in accordance with Danish 
administrative practice, handed over to the Danish police for further handling and possible sanctions. The 
Nordea Group expects to be fined in Denmark for past weaknesses in anti-money laundering processes and, 
consequently, recorded a provision of EUR 95 million for ongoing anti-money laundering related matters 
in 2019. The Nordea Group is also subject to administrative claims and tax proceedings from time to time. 
These types of claims, disputes, legal proceedings or investigations, the outcomes of which can be difficult 
to predict, expose the Nordea Group to monetary damages, direct or indirect costs (including legal costs), 
direct or indirect financial losses, disputes, litigation, civil and criminal penalties and other sanctions, loss 
of licences or authorisations, or loss of reputation, criticism or penalties by supervisory authorities as well 
as the potential for regulatory restrictions on its businesses, all of which could have a material adverse effect 
on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. Adverse regulatory actions 
against the Nordea Group or adverse judgments in litigation to which the Nordea Group is party could result 
in restrictions or limitations on the Nordea Group's operations or result in a material adverse effect on the 
Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.  
The Nordea Group is exposed to risk of changes in tax legislation, including increases in tax rates. 
The Nordea Group's activities are subject to tax at various rates around the world computed in accordance 
with local legislation and practice. The Nordea Group's business, including intra-group transactions, is 
conducted in accordance with the Nordea Group's interpretation of applicable laws, tax treaties, regulations 
and instructions from the tax authorities in the relevant countries. However, the applicable laws, tax treaties,

--- Page 33 ---
- 18 - 
court tax practice and tax authority administrative practice may change over time and the changes may have 
a retroactive effect in taxation. Any future legislative changes or decisions by tax authorities in Finland and 
other jurisdictions where the Nordea Group is active may impair the tax position of the Nordea Group. 
For instance, the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive (EU) 2016/1164 ("ATAD") and Directive (EU) 2017/952 
amending Directive (EU) 2016/1164 ("ATAD II") may require Member States to amend their tax 
legislation or taxation practices and to implement, among other things, exit tax rules, limitations on the 
right to deduct interest expense and controlled foreign company rules as well as rules as regards to hybrid 
mismatches. Finland has, for example, enacted a new law on hybrid mismatches and, as of 2022, Finland 
must comply with ATAD II rules on reverse hybrid mismatches. Amendments due to ATAD or ATAD II 
and other possible future amendments could increase the Nordea Group's tax burden. 
The United Kingdom's withdrawal from the EU may adversely affect the Nordea Group's operations. 
The United Kingdom left the EU on 31 January 2020 ("Brexit") and the transitional period agreed in the 
withdrawal agreement expired on 31 December 2020. Although an agreement in principle was reached in 
relation to the EU–UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the "Trade and Cooperation Agreement") on 
24 December 2020 which provides a broad framework intended to facilitate ongoing discussion and 
amendment of the relationship between the United Kingdom and EU, the Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement is not comprehensive in all respects. In particular, the Trade and Cooperation Agreement does 
not create a detailed framework to govern the cross-border provision of financial services from the United 
Kingdom into the EU and from the EU into the United Kingdom. As of the date of the Base Prospectus, it 
is therefore difficult to anticipate the eventual impact on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations.  
The uncertainty related to the effects of Brexit is also expected to increase market volatility and may have 
an economic impact on the countries in which the Nordea Group operates, particularly in the United 
Kingdom and euro area. It is still too early to judge the impact of Brexit as it is unclear how the trading 
relationships between the United Kingdom and the EU and other significant trading partners will develop.  
The Nordea Group performs certain services into or in the United Kingdom on a cross-border basis in 
reliance on passported permissions granted by other European jurisdictions. The Nordea Group cannot be 
certain that it will be able to continue relying on these cross-border permissions following conclusion of 
the Brexit process, or that it will be able to secure any additional licences or permissions that may be 
required in order to continue its existing business. Furthermore, the Nordea Group transacts with various 
United Kingdom-based counterparties that may, as a result of Brexit, decide to move all or part of their 
business from the United Kingdom to an EU Member State. Any consequent restructuring of the Nordea 
Group's business relationships with such counterparties could entail additional administration and other 
costs. The Nordea Group also has derivative contracts cleared through LCH Limited ("LCH") in London, 
and, despite the publication of a temporary equivalence decision by the European Commission, it is not yet 
certain that Nordea Group entities will be permitted to continue to clear transactions through LCH once this 
temporary decision expires on 30 June 2022.  LCH may lose its status as an approved central counterparty 
("CCP") under Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as amended (the European Markets Infrastructure 
Regulation or EMIR), which could cause significant market disruption and operational risks for entities 
with derivatives cleared through LCH and other United Kingdom CCPs, including the Nordea Group. For 
example, any consequent migration of legacy transactions to an alternative CCP could be costly and 
operationally challenging and, even if legacy transactions could be maintained at LCH, clearing derivatives 
on multiple CCPs could increase costs for the Nordea Group. 
In addition, any deterioration in market access or trading terms including customs duties, taxes or other 
tariffs that constitute real cost, delay or restrictions to the provision of services and increased administration 
may materially adversely affect the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Changes in the Nordea Group's accounting policies or in accounting standards could materially affect 
how it reports its financial condition and results of operations. 
From time to time, the International Accounting Standards Board, the EU and other regulatory bodies 
change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the Nordea Group's 
financial statements. These changes can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how the Nordea 
Group records and reports its results of operations and financial condition. In some cases, the Nordea Group 
could be required to apply a new or revised standard retrospectively, resulting in restating prior period 
financial statements or adjusting the opening balances.

--- Page 34 ---
- 19 - 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES  
Risks Relating to the Notes  
The Notes may be redeemed early. 
Unless in the case of any particular Series of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, in the 
event that the Issuer due to a change in law would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of 
any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or on behalf of the Taxing Jurisdiction, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with 
Condition 6(b) (Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons – Withholding Tax), and (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted Senior Preferred Notes), subject to 
compliance with certain regulatory conditions and approval by the Competent Authority or Resolution 
Authority, as applicable.  
Furthermore, the Issuer may be entitled to redeem Subordinated Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, 
if specified in the relevant Final Terms, Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, if the tax treatment for the Issuer 
in respect of such Notes is negatively altered after the issue date (as set forth in Condition 6(c) (Early 
Redemption as a Result of a Tax Event)) or if a Capital Event (as defined in Condition 1 (Interpretation) 
occurs in respect of Subordinated Notes or an MREL Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 1 
(Interpretation)) occurs in respect of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes (once the whole or any part of the outstanding principal amount of such Subordinated 
Notes has ceased to qualify as Tier 2 Capital), which may include a situation where such Notes do not at 
any time become eligible to count towards the Issuer's and/or the Nordea Group's eligible liabilities and/or 
loss absorbing and recapitalisation capacity (including, for the avoidance of doubt, a change to the 
minimum subordination requirements applicable to the Issuer). In any such case, the Issuer's ability to effect 
a redemption will (to the extent applicable) be subject to compliance with certain regulatory conditions and 
approval by the Competent Authority or Resolution Authority (as applicable). These regulatory conditions 
include the requirement under CRD that if the Subordinated Notes are to be redeemed during the first five 
years after their issuance, the Issuer must demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that 
the event triggering such redemption was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issue of the Notes 
and, in the case of a call relating to the tax treatment of the Notes, that the adverse treatment is material 
and, in the case of a call relating to a Capital Event, that such change is sufficiently certain. These 
foreseeability and materiality conditions to redemption contained in CRD only apply to a redemption of 
Subordinated Notes occurring in the first five years after the issue date and, therefore, an issuer of regulatory 
capital securities, such as the Subordinated Notes, could opt to redeem such Notes for tax or regulatory 
reasons after the fifth anniversary of issue, including based upon an event that occurred within the first five 
years of issue. There can therefore be no assurances that Subordinated Notes will not be called for tax or 
regulatory reasons prior to any specified optional call date. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Series of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Notes 
are redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances (subject (to the extent applicable) to 
compliance with certain regulatory conditions and approval by the Competent Authority or Resolution 
Authority, as applicable), the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at a time when prevailing interest 
rates may be relatively low. In addition, an optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value 
of Notes. During any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able to, elect to redeem Notes, the 
market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above and may in fact decrease below the 
price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
In the case of any redemption, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a 
comparable security with a rate of return that is as high as that of the relevant Notes. 
Remedies in case of default in respect of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted 
Senior Preferred Notes are severely limited. 
The Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted Senior Preferred Notes will contain 
limited enforcement events relating to:  
(i) 
non-payment by the Issuer of any amounts due under the Notes. In such circumstances, as 
described in more detail in Condition 7 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes and subject as provided below, a Holder may institute proceedings in the Relevant

--- Page 35 ---
- 20 - 
Jurisdiction for the Issuer to be declared bankrupt or its winding-up or liquidation and prove or 
claim in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer; and  
(ii) 
the bankruptcy or the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer, whether in the Relevant Jurisdiction 
or elsewhere. In such circumstances, as described in more detail in Condition 7 (Events of Default) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, a Holder may declare its Notes to be due and payable at 
their Outstanding Principal Amount, and prove or claim in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the 
Issuer. 
However, in each case, the Holder of such Note, may claim payment in respect of such Note only in the 
winding up or liquidation or, as the case may be, bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. Under Finnish law 
a creditor may not institute proceedings for the liquidation (Fi: selvitystila) of the debtor, except under the 
following limited circumstances: (i) the debtor has no registered board of directors, (ii) the debtor has no 
representative within the meaning of the Act on the Right to Carry on Trade (Fi: laki elinkeinon 
harjoittamisen oikeudesta (122/1919)), (iii) despite the request of the register authority, the debtor has not 
filed its annual accounts for registration within one year from the end of the financial year, or (iv) the debtor 
has been declared bankrupt and the bankruptcy has expired due to the lack of funds. 
The Issuer may be subject to statutory resolution. 
The powers set out in the BRRD and the SRM Regulation will impact how European credit institutions and 
investment firms are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. There remains 
uncertainty regarding how the applicable resolution legislation will affect the Issuer, the Nordea Group and 
the Notes. The Notes may be subject to the bail-in powers and could be written down or converted into 
equity as part of a resolution process. The exercise of any power under the BRRD (as implemented in the 
national laws of the Relevant Jurisdiction) or the SRM Regulation or any suggestion of such exercise could 
materially adversely affect the rights of Holders, the price or value of the Notes and/or the ability of the 
Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own 
advisors as to the possible consequences of the BRRD (as implemented in national laws) and the SRM 
Regulation. 
There may be no rights of set-off or counterclaim. 
Holders of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted Senior Preferred Notes shall 
not be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect 
of such Notes. Therefore, Holders of such Notes will not be entitled (subject to applicable law) to set-off 
the Issuer's obligations under such Notes against obligations owed by them to the Issuer.  Holders of the 
Notes may therefore be required to participate in separate proceedings in order to recover amounts owing 
to them under counterclaims, and may receive a lower recovery in an insolvency of Nordea than would be 
the case if set-off or counterclaim were permitted. 
The Notes rank junior to preferred deposits in the insolvency hierarchy. 
The BRRD and the SRM Regulation establish a preference in the ordinary insolvency hierarchy, firstly, for 
insured depositors and, secondly, for all other deposits of individuals and micro, small and medium-sized 
enterprises held in EEA or non-EEA branches of an EEA bank. In addition, the new deposit guarantee 
scheme directive, which has been implemented into national law and entered into force in Finland on 
1 January 2015, increased the volume of deposits that are insured (and thus preferred) to include a wide 
range of deposits, including all corporate deposits (unless the depositor is a public sector body or financial 
institution) and some temporary high value deposits. Therefore, these preferred deposits will rank ahead of 
all other unsecured creditors of the Issuer, including the holders of Notes, in the insolvency hierarchy. 
However, the non-insured amounts of deposits of large corporations with over EUR 50 million turnover 
rank pari passu with other unsecured senior creditors of the Issuer.  
The Notes may not be freely transferred. 
Nordea has not registered, and will not register, the Notes under the Securities Act or any other securities 
laws. Accordingly, the Notes are subject to certain restrictions on resale and other transfer thereof as set 
forth in the section entitled "Subscription and Sale". As a result of these restrictions, Nordea cannot be 
certain of the existence of a secondary market for the Notes or the liquidity of such a market if one develops. 
Consequently, a Holder of Notes and an owner of beneficial interests in those Notes must be able to bear 
the economic risk of their investment in the Notes for the terms of the Notes, rather than being able to 
realise their investment during the lifetime of the Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
- 21 - 
There may be no active trading market for the Notes. 
The Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for 
which there may be no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is 
to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the 
Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, 
depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and 
the financial condition of the Issuer. 
Although applications have been made for (A) Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted (i) to 
listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to trading on its Regulated Market; (ii) to listing on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market "Bourse 
de Luxembourg" of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and (iii) to listing on the Oslo Børs, and (B) Exempt 
Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to 
trading on the GEM, there can be no assurances that such applications will be accepted, that any particular 
Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop.  Accordingly, there can 
be no assurances as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of 
Notes.  
Furthermore, the Issuer may elect to issue unlisted Notes, in which case there may not be an active trading 
market for such Notes. While the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, offer to buy back such Notes prior to 
their maturity date under normal market conditions, the price at which such Notes are bought back (if at 
all) will depend upon a number of factors (including the factors described in this Base Prospectus). In case 
of unstable market conditions, the Issuer may suspend any buy-back of Notes, in which case the relevant 
investor may be unable to exit its investment in the relevant Notes until they are redeemed. 
Noteholders are subject to market volatility. 
Holders of Notes should be aware that the secondary market for the Notes and instruments of this kind may 
be illiquid due to, among other things, the disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets that 
have continued through recent years. The Issuer cannot predict when these circumstances will change.  
Consequently, a Holder of Notes and an owner of beneficial interests in those Notes must be able to bear 
the economic risk of their investment in the Notes for the terms of the Notes, as they cannot be certain of 
being able to realise their investment, or to do so at favourable prices, during the lifetime of the Notes. 
The Notes may be issued at a substantial discount or premium. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
The Issuer could, in certain circumstances, substitute or vary the terms of the Notes. 
To the extent that any Series of Notes contains provisions relating to the substitution or variation of the 
Notes, in certain circumstances, such as if a Capital Event, a Withholding Tax Event, a Tax Event or an 
MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, or in order to ensure the effectiveness of 
Condition 20 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), the Issuer may, in accordance 
with Applicable Banking Regulations and without the consent or approval of the Holders, substitute the 
Notes or vary the Conditions of the Notes in order to ensure such substituted or varied Notes continue to 
qualify as, or, as appropriate, become, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital or, in the case of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, eligible liabilities in accordance with the 
Conditions, or in order to ensure the effectiveness of Condition 20 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Powers). While the Issuer cannot make changes to the terms of the Notes that are materially 
less favourable to a Holder of such Notes (save to the extent that such prejudice is solely attributable to the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 20 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
Powers)), there can be no assurances as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular 
Holder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied Notes could be different 
for some categories of Holders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the Notes 
prior to such substitution or variation.

--- Page 37 ---
- 22 - 
The Notes are subject to risks related to exchange rates and exchange controls. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on 
the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Noteholders are subject to credit risk on the Issuer. 
Holders of the Notes issued under the Programme take a credit risk on the Issuer. A holder's ability to 
receive payment under the Notes is dependent on the Issuer's ability to fulfill its payment obligations, which 
in turn is dependent upon the development of the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of its 
operations. 
Noteholders' rights and obligations may be amended at meetings of Noteholders. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Fiscal Agency Agreement (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes) contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit certain defined majorities to make decisions that 
modify the terms and conditions applicable to a Tranche of Notes and may affect the Noteholders' rights 
and obligations under the Notes, and that bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend 
and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. At the 
meeting of Noteholders, the Noteholders also have authority to elect and give instructions to a 
representative to act on their behalf. 
The terms and conditions of the Notes may be changed. 
The terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche will be as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at or prior to the time of issuance of such Tranche, and will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche will therefore be those set out in this Base Prospectus, 
subject to being completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation to each Tranche. 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions, which are binding on the Issuer and the Holders of 
Notes, for convening meetings of the Holders of Notes of any Tranche to consider matters affecting their 
interests, including the modification or waiver of the terms and conditions applicable to any Tranche, 
although, any modification or waiver of the terms and conditions that affects Subordinated Notes cannot be 
made without the prior approval of the Competent Authority if required in accordance with the prevailing 
Applicable Banking Regulations. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Holders, including 
Holders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or Holders who voted in a manner contrary to 
the majority. 
The Issuer also has the right to correct manifest errors in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes without 
the Noteholders' consent. 
See also "The Issuer could, in certain circumstances, substitute or vary the terms of the Notes" above. 
The Issuer's gross-up obligation under the Notes is limited 
The Issuer's obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of 
taxes under the terms of each Series of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted 
Senior Preferred Notes applies only to payments of interest due and paid under such Notes and not to 
payments of principal (which term, for these purposes, includes any premium, final redemption amount, 
early redemption amount, optional redemption amount and any other amount (other than interest) which 
may from time to time be payable in respect of such Notes).

--- Page 38 ---
- 23 - 
As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of any Series of 
Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Restricted Senior Preferred Notes to the extent any 
withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such withholding or 
deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under any Series of such Notes, holders of such Notes 
would, upon repayment or redemption of such Notes, be entitled to receive only the net amount of such 
redemption or repayment proceeds after deduction of the amount required to be withheld. Therefore, 
holders may receive less than the full amount due under such Notes, and the market value of such Notes 
may be adversely affected as a result. 
Under certain circumstances, the Issuer's ability to redeem or repurchase the Notes may be limited. 
The rules under CRD prescribe certain conditions for the granting of permission by the Competent 
Authority or Resolution Authority (as applicable) to a request by the Issuer to redeem or repurchase the 
Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted Senior Preferred Notes. In this respect, the 
CRR provides that the Competent Authority or Resolution Authority (as applicable) shall grant permission 
to a redemption or repurchase of the Notes provided that the Conditions to Redemption described in the 
Conditions are met.  
The rules under CRD may be modified from time to time after the Issue Date of the Notes. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks Relating to the Notes 
Regulatory action in the event of a failure of the Issuer could materially adversely affect the value of the 
Notes, including in a manner which may result in holders of the Notes losing all or a part of the value 
of their investment in the Notes or receiving a different security than the Notes. 
The BRRD entered into force in July 2014. The stated aim of the BRRD is to provide authorities with 
common tools and powers to address banking crises pre-emptively in order to safeguard financial stability 
and minimise taxpayers' exposure to losses. The BRRD was implemented in Finland on 1 January 2015. 
BRRD has been amended in the banking package (as described in "The Nordea Group— Capital Adequacy 
and Regulatory Considerations") that was published in the Official Journal on 7 June 2019 and the majority 
of amendments have taken effect from January 2021. 
The Nordea Group is also subject to the SRM Regulation which gives specific powers to the SRB to 
exercise resolution powers similar to those under the BRRD, see "—Risks Relating to the Legal and 
Regulatory Environments in which the Nordea Group Operates—The supervision of the Nordea Group was 
recently transferred to the ECB and the Nordea Group became subject to the European Single Supervisory 
Mechanism and the European Single Resolution Mechanism". 
The powers granted to the authorities designated by  EU Member States to apply the resolution tools and 
exercise the resolution powers set forth in the BRRD ("resolution authorities") include the introduction 
of a statutory "write-down and conversion power" with respect to capital instruments (which could include 
the Subordinated Notes) and a "bail-in power", which will give the relevant resolution authority the power 
to cancel all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, certain other eligible liabilities (which 
could include the Notes), whether unsubordinated or subordinated, of a failing financial institution and/or 
to convert certain debt claims (which could include the Notes) into another security, including ordinary 
shares of the surviving group entity, if any, which may itself be written down. 
The bail-in power can be used to recapitalise an institution that is failing or about to fail, allowing authorities 
to restructure it through the resolution process and restore its viability after reorganisation and restructuring. 
The write-down and conversion power can be used to ensure that tier 1 and tier 2 capital instruments fully 
absorb losses at the point of non-viability of an institution (or, if applicable, its group) and before any other 
resolution action is taken. The BRRD specifies the order in which the bail-in tool should be applied, 
reflecting the hierarchy of capital instruments under CRD and otherwise respecting the hierarchy of claims 
in an ordinary insolvency.  
The Notes could be subject to the bail-in power and the Subordinated Notes could be subject to the statutory 
write-down and conversion power. The determination that all or a part of the principal amount of the Notes 
will be subject to bail-in, or in the case of Subordinated Notes, statutory write-down and/or conversion, is 
likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may be outside of the 
Nordea Group's control. The application of the bail-in tool with respect to the Notes, or in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, exercise of the statutory write-down and/or conversion power, may result in the 
cancellation of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, the Notes and/or the conversion of

--- Page 39 ---
- 24 - 
all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable in respect of, or interest on, the 
Notes into ordinary shares or other securities of Nordea or another person, including by means of a variation 
to the terms of the Notes to give effect to such application of the bail-in tool and/or the statutory write-
down and/or conversion power (as the case may be). Accordingly, potential investors in the Notes should 
consider the risk that the bail-in tool and/or the statutory write-down and/or conversion power (as the case 
may be) may be applied in such a manner as to result in holders of the Notes losing all or a part of the value 
of their investment in the Notes or receiving a different security than the Notes, which may be worth 
significantly less than the Notes and which may have significantly fewer protections than those typically 
afforded to debt securities. Moreover, the resolution authority may exercise its authority to apply the bail-
in tool and/or the statutory write-down and/or conversion power (as the case may be) without providing 
any advance notice to the holders of the Notes. Holders of the Notes may also have limited or no rights to 
challenge any decision of the resolution authority to exercise the bail-in power and/or the statutory write-
down and/or conversion power (as the case may be) or to have that decision reviewed by a judicial or 
administrative process or otherwise. 
The bail-in power contains a specific safeguard (NCWOL) with the aim that shareholders and creditors do 
not receive a less favourable treatment than they would have received in ordinary insolvency proceedings. 
However, even in circumstances where a claim for compensation is established under the NCWOL 
safeguard in accordance with a valuation performed after the resolution action has been taken, it is unlikely 
that such compensation would be equivalent to the full losses incurred by the Holders in the resolution and 
there can be no assurances that Holders would recover such compensation promptly. 
In addition to the bail-in power and the statutory write-down and conversion power, the BRRD provides 
resolution authorities with broader powers to implement other resolution measures with respect to 
distressed banks, which may include (without limitation): (i) directing the sale of the bank or the whole or 
part of its business on commercial terms without requiring the consent of the shareholders or complying 
with the procedural requirements that would otherwise apply, (ii) transferring all or part of the business of 
the bank to a "bridge institution" (a publicly controlled entity), (iii) transferring all or part of the assets of 
the bank, including impaired or problem assets, to an asset management vehicle to allow them to be 
managed and worked out over time, (iv) replacing or substituting the bank as obligor in respect of debt 
instruments, (v) modifying the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount 
of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments), and/or (vi) discontinuing the 
listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. The resolution authorities will likely allow the use 
of financial public support only as a last resort after having assessed and exploited, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the resolution tools, including the bail-in tool and/or the statutory write-down and/or conversion 
powers. 
The exercise of any actions contemplated in the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise will likely 
materially adversely affect the price or value of an investment in Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to 
satisfy its obligations under such Notes and could lead to the holders of the Notes losing some or all of their 
investment in the Notes. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own advisors as to the 
consequences of the implementation of the BRRD. 
Changes in laws, regulations or administrative practice or the interpretation thereof may affect the Notes. 
Changes in laws, regulations or administrative practice, or the interpretation thereof, after the date of this 
Base Prospectus may affect the Notes in general, the rights of Holders as well as the market value of the 
Notes. The Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes are 
governed by English law, except for (i) the subordination provisions relating to Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and Subordinated Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, which 
will be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of the Relevant Jurisdiction; (ii) the 
registration of VP Notes in the VP which will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Danish 
law; (iii) the registration of VPS Notes in the VPS which will be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, Norwegian law; and (iv) the registration of Swedish Notes in the Euroclear Sweden Register which 
will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Swedish law. There can be no assurances as to the 
impact of any possible judicial decision or change to the laws of England and Wales or the law of the other 
jurisdictions referred to above, regulations or administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant 
Notes or the interpretation thereof. Such changes in law may impact statutory, tax and regulatory regimes 
during the life of the Notes, which may have an adverse effect on the Notes. Such legislative and regulatory 
uncertainty could also affect an investor's ability to accurately value the Notes and, therefore, affect the 
trading price of the Notes given the extent and impact on the Notes that one or more regulatory or legislative 
changes, including those described above, could have on the Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
- 25 - 
The Rome II Regulation (864/2007), which sets out a series of rules to be applied by the courts of EU 
Member States (other than Denmark) for the purposes of determining the governing law of non-contractual 
obligations between parties in most civil and commercial matters does not apply in Denmark and therefore 
may not apply to Danish investors. 
Furthermore, the financial services industry continues to be the focus of significant regulatory change and 
scrutiny which may adversely affect the Nordea Group's business, financial performance, capital and risk 
management strategies. Such regulatory changes, and the resulting actions taken to address such regulatory 
changes, may have an adverse impact on the Nordea Group's, and therefore the Issuer's, performance and 
financial condition.  
Risks relating to the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the EU. 
As a result of Brexit, the regulation concerning the recognition and enforcement of judgments that applies 
between the United Kingdom and EU Member States, that is, the Recast Brussels Regulation (Regulation 
(EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012) has ceased to 
apply to the United Kingdom (and to English court judgments).  
Further, the United Kingdom is no longer a party to the Lugano Convention under which judgments from 
the courts of contracting states (currently the EU Member States, plus Switzerland, Iceland and Norway) 
are recognised and enforced in other contracting states.  
In its White Paper from July 2018, the United Kingdom Government stated that it will seek to participate 
in the Lugano Convention on leaving the EU, which would mean English judgments would once again be 
recognised and enforced in Finland (and other contracting states). In the same White Paper, the United 
Kingdom Government also stated that it will seek a new bilateral agreement with the EU27 concerning 
cooperation in the area of civil justice including arrangements for the continued mutual recognition and 
enforcement of judgments. However, no such agreement has yet been reached and there can be no 
assurances as to the terms of any final agreement. 
A judgment obtained in the courts of England against a Finnish company would be recognised and 
enforceable in Finland in accordance with and subject to the procedural steps and on the material conditions 
imposed by the 2005 Hague Convention on Choice of Court Agreements (the "Hague Convention"). Based 
on the communication by the European Commission dated 27 August 2020, Finnish courts would likely 
give effect to the Hague Convention as the applicable source of law only in respect of exclusive choice of 
court agreements concluded after 1 January 2021. As regards non-exclusive choice of court agreements and 
exclusive choice of court agreements concluded prior to 1 January 2021, a judgment rendered by an English 
court would not be enforceable nor recognized in Finland by operation of the Hague Convention and, as a 
result, it is possible that a judgment entered against the Issuer in a United Kingdom court would not be 
recognised or enforceable in Finland as a matter of law without a re-trial on its merits (but would be of 
persuasive authority as a matter of evidence before the courts of law, arbitral tribunals or executive or other 
public authorities in Finland). Hence, unless the United Kingdom ratifies the Lugano Convention or an 
agreement is reached between the United Kingdom and the EU27, a judgment entered against the Issuer in 
an English court in respect of the Notes may not be recognised or enforceable in Finland as a matter of law 
without a re-trial on its merits. 
Risks Relating to Form and Mechanics of the Notes 
The Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller 
amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination that are not integral multiples of the minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a 
Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination, would need to purchase a principal amount of the Notes such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination.

--- Page 41 ---
- 26 - 
Investors in Swiss Franc Notes, VP Notes, VPS Notes and Swedish Notes will have to rely on the VP's, 
VPS's or Euroclear Sweden's procedures (as the case may be) for transfer, payment and communication 
with the Issuer. 
Investors in Swiss Franc Notes, VP Notes, VPS Notes or Swedish Notes will have to rely on the relevant 
clearing system's or the relevant Issuing Agent's, as the case may be, procedures for transfer, payment and 
communication with the Issuer. Swiss Franc Notes, VP Notes, VPS Notes or Swedish Notes issued under 
the Programme will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of title other than statements of 
account made by SIS, the VP, the VPS or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be. Ownership of Swiss Franc 
Notes, VP Notes, VPS Notes or Swedish Notes will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book 
entry system and register maintained by SIS, the VP, the VPS or Euroclear Sweden, as the case may be. 
Risks Relating to the Interest Features of the Notes 
There are risks that certain benchmarks may be administered differently or discontinued in the future, 
including the potential phasing-out of LIBOR after 2021, which may adversely affect the trading market 
for, value of and return on, Notes based on such benchmarks. 
Rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of ongoing international, national 
and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently from 
the past or disappear entirely, or have other consequences that cannot be predicted.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised 
or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed 
to be a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of a benchmark are changed in order to 
comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of 
the benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such 
factors may have the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to such benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies 
used in the benchmarks or (iii) lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of the benchmark. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 27 July 2017, the FCA announced that it will no longer 
persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the London Interbank Offered Rate 
("LIBOR") benchmark after 2021 and, on 5 March 2021 confirmed that most LIBOR tenors would cease 
to be representative benchmarks from the end of 2021 (in the case of GBP LIBOR) or June 2023 (in the 
case of U.S. dollar LIBOR). In addition, on 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA 
announced that, from January 2018, its working group on Sterling risk-free rates has been mandated with 
implementing a broad-based transition to the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") across sterling 
bond, loan and derivative markets so that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate 
benchmark by the end of 2021.   
In November 2014, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York convened the Alternative Reference Rates Committee ("ARRC") to identify a set of 
alternative reference interest rates for financial instruments and contracts referencing US Dollar LIBOR. 
On 22 June 2017, the ARRC announced the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as its 
recommended alternative reference rate to US Dollar LIBOR. 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk-free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro risk-free rates recommended the new euro short-term

--- Page 42 ---
- 27 - 
rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 
2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether 
it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark.  
Where the relevant Final Terms specifies that Condition 5(i) (Benchmark Replacement — ARRC) is not 
applicable, if the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event 
(as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) has occurred, then the Issuer shall use reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the purposes of determining a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as further described in Condition 5(h) (Benchmark Replacement — 
Independent Adviser)) and, if applicable, an Adjustment Spread. If the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select, the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Issuer may determine the replacement rate, provided 
that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, 
the further fallbacks described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall apply. If the Issuer is unable 
to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Issuer fails to agree a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate or adjustment spread, if applicable with the Independent Adviser, the Issuer may have to 
exercise its discretion to determine (or to elect not to determine) an Alternative Benchmark Rate or 
adjustment spread, if applicable in a situation in which it is presented with a conflict of interest.  
Where the relevant Final Terms specifies that Condition 5(i) (Benchmark Replacement – ARRC) is 
applicable, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) has occurred, the then-current 
Benchmark will be replaced by a Benchmark Replacement (determined by the Issuer in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) for all purposes relating to the relevant Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. The Issuer will have to 
exercise its discretion to determine (or to elect not to determine) an Benchmark Replacement and, if 
applicable, a Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, in a situation in which it is presented with a conflict of 
interest. 
The use of a Successor Rate, an Alternative Benchmark Rate or a Benchmark Replacement may result in 
interest payments that are substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the 
payments that could have been made on the Notes if the relevant benchmark remained available in its 
current form.  
The Issuer has also undertaken in the Conditions that it will not make any amendment pursuant to Condition 
5(h) (Benchmark Replacement - Independent Adviser) or Condition 5(i) (Benchmark Replacement – ARRC)  
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes if to do so could reasonably be expected to prejudice the 
qualification of the Notes as, in the case of the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity or, in the case of the Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital 
of the Issuer and/or the Nordea Group. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of EU, UK, or other 
international, national, or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further 
uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes could have a material 
adverse effect on the trading market for, value of and return on any Notes linked to such benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain 
reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to the Notes linked to or referencing a 
benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as reference rates for Floating Rate 
Notes. 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as reference rates in the capital markets and their adoption as an 
alternative to Sterling or U.S. dollar LIBOR, respectively. In particular, market participants and relevant 
working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA and SOFR, including term 
SONIA and SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average 
SONIA and SOFR rate over a designated term) , or different measures of such alternative reference rates. 
For example, on 2 March 2020, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as administrator of SOFR, began

--- Page 43 ---
- 28 - 
publishing the SOFR Compounded Index and on 3 August 2020, the Bank of England, as the administrator 
of SONIA, began publishing the SONIA Compounded Index.  
The use of SONIA and SOFR as a reference rate for Eurobonds continues to develop both in terms of the 
substance of the calculation and in the adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of 
bonds referencing SONIA and SOFR. In particular, investors should be aware that several different SOFR 
methodologies have been used in SONIA and SOFR linked notes issued to date and no assurance can be 
given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the terms and conditions of 
the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or SOFR that differs 
significantly from that set out in the terms and conditions applicable to the Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer 
may in future issue Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest 
determination when compared with the Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA 
or SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application and 
adoption of SONIA or SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should 
carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference rates across these markets 
may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with 
any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR. 
SONIA and SOFR differ from LIBOR in a number of material respects and have a limited history. 
SONIA and SOFR differ from LIBOR in a number of material respects, including that SONIA and SOFR 
are backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rates, whereas LIBOR is expressed on the basis 
of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors 
should be aware that LIBOR and SONIA or SOFR may behave materially differently as interest reference 
rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding 
transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to LIBOR which is an unsecured rate. For 
example, since publication of SOFR began in April 2018 daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been 
more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Publication of SONIA (in its current form) and SOFR began in April 2018 and the rates therefore have a 
limited history. The future performance of SONIA and SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based 
on the limited historical performance. The level of SONIA and SOFR during the term of the Notes may 
bear little or no relation to the historical level of SONIA or SOFR. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the 
behaviour of market variables and their relation to SONIA and SOFR such as correlations, may change in 
the future. 
Furthermore, the interest on Notes which reference SONIA or SOFR is only capable of being determined 
at the end of the relevant Observation Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference SONIA or SOFR to estimate reliably the amount 
of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade 
such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity 
of such Notes. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based Notes, if Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR become 
due and payable as a result of any of the events described in Condition 7 (Events of Default), or are 
otherwise redeemed early on a date other than an Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest payable for the 
final Interest Period in respect of such Notes shall only be determined immediately prior to the date on 
which the Notes become due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter. 
The administrator of SONIA or SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or 
SOFR or discontinue SONIA or SOFR. 
The Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or publication of SONIA or SOFR. There can 
be no guarantee that such rates will not be discontinued, suspended or fundamentally altered in a manner 
that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Floating Rate Notes linked to the relevant rate. In 
particular, the Bank of England or The New York Federal Reserve (or a successor), as administrator of 
SONIA (or the SONIA Compounded Index) and SOFR (and the SOFR Compounded Index) respectively, 
may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR or their related 
indices, including changes related to the method by which SONIA or SOFR or a related index is calculated, 
eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA or SOFR, or timing related to the 
publication of SONIA or SOFR or a related index. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or 
suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA or SOFR or a relatex index (in which case a fallback

--- Page 44 ---
- 29 - 
method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to 
consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing 
SONIA or SOFR or a related index. 
Fixed Rate Notes are subject to Interest Rate Risks. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes. 
Risks relating to fixed/floating rate Notes. 
Fixed/floating rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect 
the secondary market in, and the market value of, the such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert 
the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing for the Issuer. If the Issuer converts 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the fixed/floating rate Notes may 
be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate.  In addition, the new floating rate at any time (whether or not the conversion is automatic or is initiated 
by the Issuer) may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Conversely, if the interest rate on the Notes If 
the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing 
market rates on other Notes. 
Risks relating to Reset Notes. 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if 
any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the First 
Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date (each such interest rate, a "Subsequent Reset Rate"). The Subsequent Reset Rate for 
any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate for prior Reset 
Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in the Reset Notes. 
Risks relating to Partly Paid Notes. 
Nordea may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Failure to pay any 
subsequent instalment could result in an investor losing all of its investment. 
Additional Risks Relating to the Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Some Notes are subordinated to most of the Issuer's liabilities. 
If in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Notes are 
subordinated or Senior Non-Preferred Notes of the Issuer and the Issuer is declared insolvent and a winding 
up is initiated, it will be required to pay the Holders of senior debt and meet its obligations to all its other 
creditors (including unsecured creditors but excluding any obligations in respect of more subordinated debt) 
in full before it can make any payments on the relevant Subordinated Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these payments to pay amounts due 
under the relevant Subordinated Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
According to the main rule contained in Section 2 of the Finnish Act on Order of Priority of Claims (Fi: 
laki velkojien maksunsaantijärjestyksestä (1578/1992)) (the "Finnish Priority Act"), unless the 
distributable funds in an insolvency are sufficient to cover all claims, the creditors have an equal right to 
payment out of such funds in proportion to the amount of their claims. Section 6 of the Finnish Priority Act, 
however, provides certain exceptions from such main rule for subordination by contract of the claims of a 
class of creditors to all other unsecured creditors. Pursuant to item 4 of Subsection 1 of Section 6 of the 
Finnish Priority Act, a claim subordinated by contract to the claims of all other creditors in liquidation and 
bankruptcy of the debtor and, pursuant to item 3 of Subsection 1 of Section 6 of the Finnish Priority Act, a 
claim based on a bond subordinated by its terms to the claims of all other creditors in liquidation and 
bankruptcy of the debtor will, in each case, rank in priority to the payment to holders of equity interests in 
the debtor but junior in right of payment to the claims in respect of all unsubordinated indebtedness and 
other classes of subordinated indebtedness of the debtor. Pursuant to Subsection 2 of Section 6 of the 
Finnish Priority Act, claims falling within the same category shall have equal priority unless otherwise 
agreed in respect of claims set forth in item 4 of Subsection 1 of Section 6 of the Finnish Priority Act.

--- Page 45 ---
- 30 - 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 (the 
"Creditor Hierarchy Directive") also introduced a new asset class of "non-preferred" senior debt. On 15 
November 2018, the Finnish implementation of the Creditor Hierarchy Directive introduced a new class of 
senior non-preferred debt through the introduction of updates to the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions, 
including the addition of a new Section 4a to Chapter 1 of the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions. As a result 
of these updates, among others, (i) in the bankruptcy of a credit institution, and notwithstanding the 
provisions of the Finnish Priority Act, claims resulting from debt instruments which are not or do not 
contain embedded derivatives and the original maturity of which is of at least one year (a) rank below 
ordinary unsecured claims as referred to in Section 2 of the Finnish Priority Act and (b) rank above 
subordinated claims referred to in Section 6, Subsection 1 of the Finnish Priority Act, if the relevant terms 
and conditions refer to such ranking, and (ii) the mutual rights of claims referred to in items 3 and 4 of 
Section 6, Subsection 1 of the Finnish Priority Act may by operation of item 5 of the new Section 4a be 
agreed upon. The Senior Non-Preferred Notes would fall within the category of debt set out in item 4 of 
Chapter 1, Section 4a, Subsection 1 of the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions and, therefore, would rank 
accordingly in the bankruptcy of the Issuer and be treated with priority to claims under any Additional 
Tier 1 Notes and Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer. The Subordinated Notes do not clearly fall within any of the 
categories of debt set out in the Finnish Priority Act, but in the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer claims 
under the Subordinated Notes would be expected to be treated with priority to claims under any Additional 
Tier 1 Notes and Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer given that the contractual intention has been to create such a 
subordination which should be recognised pursuant to item 5 of Chapter 1, Section 4a, Subsection 1 of the 
Finnish Act on Credit Institutions. However, there can be no assurances that this would be the case. See 
also "Recent regulatory actions may affect the Nordea Group's funding needs and capital position" above. 
The amendments to the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions to implement Article 48(7) of the BRRD entered 
into force on 1 April 2021. The new item 6 in Section 4a of Chapter 1 of the Finnish Act on Credit 
Institutions explicitly states that claims resulting from items qualifying (whether in whole or in part) as own 
funds have a lower priority ranking than any claim that results from an item which does not qualify (whether 
in whole or in part) as own funds. As a result, certain securities which are intended to rank as Tier 2 Capital 
or Additional Tier 1 Notes on their issue date (the "Affected Series") may subsequently rank more senior 
than they did upon issue if they become no longer eligible to contribute (in whole or in part) to the own 
funds of the Issuer, and so the Holders of other series of Subordinated Notes or Additional Tier 1 Notes, as 
the case may be, which continue to comprise own funds of the Issuer, will no longer rank pari passu with 
the Affected Series and therefore this may reduce the amount recoverable by such Holders in the event of 
voluntary or involuntary liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari passu with or senior to the 
Subordinated Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer may issue that ranks senior to the Subordinated 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes or on the amount of securities that it may issue that rank pari passu 
with the Subordinated Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. The issue of any such debt or securities may 
reduce the amount recoverable by Holders in the event of voluntary or involuntary liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer.  
Risks relating to Notes denominated in Renminbi 
A description of risks which may be relevant to an investor in Notes denominated in Renminbi ("Renminbi 
Notes") is set out below. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi 
into and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong 
dollar.  
However, there has been significant reduction in control by the PRC Government in recent years, 
particularly over trade transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other 
frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items.  
On the other hand, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account 
items, such as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted 
upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant

--- Page 46 ---
- 31 - 
authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on 
the remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being 
developed.  
Although Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the International Monetary 
Fund in 2016 and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions 
in foreign currencies were implemented by the People's Bank of China ("PBoC") in 2018, there is no 
assurance that the PRC Government will continue to gradually liberalise control over cross-border 
remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will not be 
discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect 
of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of the PRC. Despite Renminbi 
internationalisation pilot programme and efforts in recent years to internationalise the currency, there can 
be no assurance that the PRC Government will not impose interim or long-term restrictions on the cross-
border remittance of Renminbi. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, 
this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source 
Renminbi to finance its obligations under Notes denominated in Renminbi. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Notes and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service Renminbi Notes 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. While the PBoC has entered into agreements (the "Settlement 
Arrangements") on the clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions (the "Renminbi Clearing 
Banks") in a number of financial centres and cities including but not limited to Hong Kong, has established 
the Cross-Border Inter-Bank Payments System (CIPS) to facilitate cross-border Renminbi settlement, and 
is further in the process of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other 
jurisdictions, the current size of Renminbi denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-
border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from PBoC, although 
PBoC has gradually allowed participating banks to access the PRC's onshore inter-bank market for the 
purchase and sale of Renminbi. The Renminbi Clearing Banks only have limited access to onshore liquidity 
support from PBoC for the purpose of squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of 
transactions and are not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other 
foreign exchange transactions or conversion services. In cases where the participating banks cannot source 
sufficient Renminbi through the above channels, they will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC 
to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its 
growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There 
is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will not 
be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the 
Renminbi Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi in the offshore market to service 
its Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory 
terms, if at all.   
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of Renminbi against other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected by 
changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other factors. 
Recently, the PBoC implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi's daily mid-point against 
the U.S. dollar to take into account market-maker quotes before announcing such daily mid-point. This 
change, and others that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi 
against foreign currencies. All payments of interest and principal will be made in Renminbi with respect to 
Renminbi Notes unless otherwise specified. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments may vary 
with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates 
against another foreign currency, the value of the investment made by a holder of the Renminbi Notes in 
that foreign currency will decline.

--- Page 47 ---
- 32 - 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to currency risk 
If the Issuer is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and principal on 
the Renminbi Notes as a result of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity (each, as defined in the 
Conditions), the Issuer shall be entitled, on giving not less than five or more than 30 calendar days' 
irrevocable notice to the investors prior to the due date for payment, to settle any such payment in U.S. 
Dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent (as defined in the Conditions) of any such interest or 
principal, as the case may be. 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years.  Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets 
outside the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of 
foreign exchange controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market conditions.  
As Renminbi Notes may carry a fixed interest rate, the trading price of the Renminbi Notes will 
consequently vary with the fluctuations in the Renminbi interest rates.  If holders of the Renminbi Notes 
propose to sell their Renminbi Notes before their maturity, they may receive an offer lower than the amount 
they have invested. 
Payments with respect to the Renminbi Notes may be made only in the manner designated in the 
Renminbi Notes 
All payments to investors in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made solely (i) for so long as the 
Renminbi Notes are represented by global certificates held with the common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be, for Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear or any alternative clearing 
system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong or a financial centre in which a 
Renminbi Clearing Bank clears and settles Renminbi, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, (ii) for so 
long as the Renminbi Notes are represented by global certificates lodged with a sub-custodian for or 
registered with the CMU, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong in accordance 
with prevailing CMU rules and procedures, (iii) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are in definitive form, 
by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong or a financial centre in which a Renminbi 
Clearing Bank clears and settles Renminbi, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with 
prevailing rules and regulations or (iv) by transfer through the Cross-Border Interbank Payment System in 
accordance with relevant rules and regulations if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer cannot 
be required to make payment by any other means (including in any other currency, in bank notes, by cheque, 
draft or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
Gains on the transfer of the Renminbi Notes may become subject to income taxes under PRC tax laws 
Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules, as amended from time to time, any gain realised on the transfer of Renminbi Notes by 
non-PRC resident enterprise or individual holders may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax ("EIT") or 
PRC individual income tax ("IIT") if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the PRC. 
The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law levies EIT at the rate of 20 per cent. of the PRC-sourced gains derived 
by such non-PRC resident enterprise from the transfer of Renminbi Notes but its implementation rules have 
reduced the EIT rate to 10 per cent. The PRC Individual Income Tax Law levies IIT at a rate of 20 per cent. 
of the PRC-sourced gains derived by such non-PRC resident individual holder from the transfer of 
Renminbi Notes. 
However, uncertainty remains as to whether the gain realised from the transfer of Renminbi Notes by non-
PRC resident enterprise or individual holders would be treated as income derived from sources within the 
PRC and thus become subject to EIT or IIT. This will depend on how the PRC tax authorities interpret, 
apply or enforce the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, the PRC Individual Income Tax Law and the relevant 
implementing rules. 
According to the arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong, for avoidance of double taxation, holders 
who are residents of Hong Kong, including enterprise holders and individual holders, will not be subject to 
EIT or IIT on capital gains derived from a sale or exchange of the Notes. 
Therefore, if enterprise or individual resident holders which are non-PRC residents are required to pay PRC 
income tax on gains derived from the transfer of Renminbi Notes, unless there is an applicable tax treaty

--- Page 48 ---
- 33 - 
between PRC and the jurisdiction in which such non-PRC enterprise or individual holders of Renminbi 
Notes reside that reduces or exempts the relevant EIT or IIT, the value of their investment in Renminbi 
Notes may be materially and adversely affected. 
Remittance of proceeds in Renminbi into or out of the PRC  
In the event that the Issuer decides to remit some or all of the proceeds into the PRC in Renminbi, its ability 
to do so will be subject to obtaining all necessary approvals from, and/or registration or filing with, the 
relevant PRC government authorities.  However, there is no assurance that the necessary approvals from, 
and/or registration or filing with, the relevant PRC government authorities will be obtained at all or, if 
obtained, they will not be revoked or amended in the future. 
There is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to gradually liberalise the control over cross-
border Renminbi remittances in the future, that the PRC Government will not impose any interim or long-
term restriction on capital inflow or outflow which may restrict cross-border Renminbi remittances, that 
the pilot schemes introduced will not be discontinued or that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated 
in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside 
the PRC.  In the event that the Issuer does remit some or all of the proceeds into the PRC in Renminbi and 
the Issuer subsequently is not able to repatriate funds out of the PRC in Renminbi, it will need to source 
Renminbi outside the PRC to finance its obligations under the Renminbi Notes, and its ability to do so will 
be subject to the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC.

--- Page 49 ---
- 34 - 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Notes may be issued as Bearer Notes (as defined below), Registered Notes (as defined below), VP Notes, 
VPS Notes or Swedish Notes, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such Global Notes will be deposited 
with a common depositary, or as the case may be a common safekeeper for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking SA ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") or (in the case of Swiss Franc 
Notes) SIX SIS Ltd ("SIS"). Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors 
will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. The relevant clearing system(s) will maintain records of the 
beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, 
investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing system(s). Notes 
in bearer form will not be exchangeable for Notes in registered form and Notes in registered form will not 
be exchangeable for Notes in bearer form. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment 
obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary, or as the case may be a 
common safekeeper for the relevant clearing system(s) or a nominee thereof for distribution to their account 
holders. A Holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant 
clearing system(s) to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability 
for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes. Instead, such Holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the 
relevant clearing system(s) to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, Holders of beneficial interests in the 
Global Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action against the 
Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon their rights under the 
Deed of Covenant.  
Form of Bearer Notes 
Notes of each Tranche of each Series to be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes" comprising a "Bearer 
Series") (except Swiss Franc Notes) will initially be represented by a temporary global note in bearer form 
(each a "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons ("Coupons") or talons for further Coupons 
("Talons").  Notes may be issued in Classic Global Note ("Classic Global Note" or "CGN") or New Global 
Note ("New Global Note" or "NGN") form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Each Temporary 
Global Note which is not intended to be issued in a new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, will be deposited with a common depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and Euroclear on the relevant Issue Date.  Each Temporary Global Note which is intended to be issued in 
New Global Note form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on the relevant Issue Date. 
The NGN form has been introduced to allow for the possibility of Notes being issued and held in a manner 
which will permit them to be recognised as eligible collateral for monetary policy of the central banking 
system for the euro (the "Eurosystem") and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. However, in any particular case such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria at the relevant time. 
Interests in a Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for interests in a permanent global note in bearer 
form (each, a "Permanent Global Note"), without Coupons or Talons, on or after the date 40 days after 
the later of the relevant Issue Date and the completion of distribution of all Notes of a Tranche of a Bearer 
Series (the "Exchange Date"), upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership.  Each Permanent 
Global Note which is not intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will 
be deposited with a common depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear or any other 
relevant clearing system(s) on the relevant Exchange Date.  Each Permanent Global Note which is intended 
to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on the relevant Exchange Date. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole (but not in part) for definitive Bearer Notes in 
the limited circumstances more fully described herein. 
In the case of Bearer Notes (or any Tranche thereof) having a maturity of more than 1 year from the Issue 
Date issued in accordance with TEFRA D, the Permanent Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes and any 
Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect:

--- Page 50 ---
- 35 - 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code." 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Bearer Note, Coupon 
or Talon will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or exercise or 
redemption of such Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised 
as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or exercise or redemption will be treated as ordinary 
income. 
Form of Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either individual Note certificates in registered 
form ("Individual Note Certificates") or a global Note in registered form (a "Global Registered Note"). 
Each Global Registered Note will be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and registered in the name of a nominee for such depositary and will be exchangeable for Individual 
Note Certificates in accordance with its terms. 
Form of Swiss Franc Notes 
Each Tranche of Swiss Franc Notes will be denominated in Swiss francs, issued in bearer form and will be 
represented exclusively by a Permanent Global Note which shall be deposited by the Swiss Paying Agent 
with SIS, or such other depositary as may be approved by SIX Swiss Exchange (SIS or any such other 
intermediary the "Intermediary"). Once the Permanent Global Note is deposited with the Intermediary and 
entered into the accounts of one or more participants of the Intermediary, the Notes will constitute 
intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) ("Intermediated Securities") in accordance with the provisions of 
the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz). 
Each Holder (as defined below) shall have a quotal co-ownership interest (Miteigentumsanteil) in the 
Permanent Global Note to the extent of his claim against the Issuer, provided that for so long as the 
Permanent Global Note remains deposited with the Intermediary the co-ownership interest shall be 
suspended and the Swiss Franc Notes may only be transferred or otherwise disposed of by the entry of the 
transferred Notes in a securities account of the transferee. 
The records of the Intermediary will determine the number of Swiss Franc Notes held through each 
participant in that Intermediary. In respect of the Notes held in the form of Intermediated Securities, the 
holders of the Notes (the "Swiss Holders") will be the persons holding the Notes in a securities account 
(Effektenkonto) which is in their own name, or in the case of intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen), the 
intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen) holding the Notes for their own account in a securities account 
(Effektenkonto) which is in their name. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Swiss Holders shall at any time have the right to effect or demand the conversion 
of the Permanent Global Note (Globalurkunde) into, or the delivery of, uncertificated securities 
(Wertrechte) or Definitive Notes (Wertpapiere). 
No physical delivery of the Swiss Franc Notes shall be made unless and until Definitive Notes 
(Wertpapiere) are printed. Definitive Notes may only be printed, in whole, but not in part, if the Swiss 
Paying Agent determines, in its sole discretion, that the printing of the Definitive Notes (Wertpapiere) is 
necessary or useful or if, under Swiss or any other applicable laws and regulations the enforcement of 
obligations under the Swiss Franc Notes can only be ensured by means of presentation of Definitive Notes 
(Wertpapiere). Should the Swiss Paying Agent so determine, it shall provide for the printing of Definitive 
Notes (Wertpapiere) without cost to the Swiss Holders. Upon delivery of the Definitive Notes 
(Wertpapiere), the Permanent Global Note will be cancelled and the Definitive Notes (Wertpapiere) shall 
be delivered to the Swiss Holders against cancellation of the relevant Swiss Franc Notes in the Swiss 
Holders' securities accounts. 
Form of VP Notes 
Each Tranche of VP Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in 
accordance with the Danish Capital Markets Act (Consolidated Act No. 12 of 8 January 2018, as amended 
or replaced from time to time) (Kapitalmarkedsloven) (the "Danish Capital Markets Act"), the Danish 
Executive Order No. 1175 of 31 October 2017, as amended from time to time (Bekendtgørelse om

--- Page 51 ---
- 36 - 
registrering af fondsaktiver i en værdipapircentral (CSD)) (the "Danish Executive Order") and the VP 
Rule Book dated 1 April 2019, as amended from time to time (the "VP Rule Book"). 
No global or definitive Notes will be issued in respect thereof.  The holder of a VP Note will be the person 
evidenced as such by the register for such Note maintained by VP Securities A/S.  Where a nominee in 
accordance with the Danish Capital Markets Act is so evidenced it shall be treated as the holder of the 
relevant VP Note. 
Pursuant to the issuance of VP Notes, the Issuer will certify that Nordea Bank Abp is, on the date of issue 
of a Tranche of VP Notes, entered in the VP as the account holding institute (kontoførende institut) for the 
duly registered owners of the Notes of such Tranche. Title to the VP Notes will be evidenced by book 
entries in the records of the VP and will pass by registration in the registers between the direct or indirect 
accountholders at the VP in accordance with the legislation (including the Danish Capital Markets Act), 
rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the VP that are in force and effect from time to time.  
If the Notes of such Tranche cease to be registered in the VP, Nordea Bank Abp as account holding institute 
for the duly registered owners shall supply the VP Issuing Agent with all necessary information with regard 
to such duly registered owners and the VP Issuing Agent shall enter such information into the register 
maintained by the VP.  The relationship between Nordea Bank Abp as the account holding institute and the 
VP will be governed by the provisions of the Danish Executive Order and the VP Rule Book. A VP Note 
may only be controlled by an account holding institute acting in such capacity on behalf of holders for the 
time being registered with such account holding institute. 
Issues of VP Notes will be issued with the benefit of the Fiscal Agency Agreement.  On the issue of VP 
Notes, the Issuer will send a copy of the relevant Final Terms to the Paying Agent, with a copy sent to the 
VP Issuing Agent.  On delivery of the relevant Final Terms by the VP Issuing Agent to the VP and 
notification to the VP of the subscribers and their VP account details by the relevant Dealer, the VP Issuing 
Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer will credit each subscribing account holder with the VP with a nominal 
amount of VP Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of the VP Notes in the VP will take place in 
accordance with market practice at the time of the transaction.  Transfers of interests in the relevant VP 
Notes will take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the VP. 
The person evidenced (including any nominee) as a holder of the VP Notes shall be treated as the holder of 
such VP Notes for the purposes of payment of principal or interest on such VP Notes.  The expressions 
"Noteholders" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall, in each case, be construed accordingly. 
Form of VPS Notes 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form cleared 
through the VPS.  Legal title to the VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of the VPS.  
Issues of VPS Notes will be issued with the benefit of the Fiscal Agency Agreement.  On the issue of VPS 
Notes, the Issuer will send a copy of the relevant Final Terms to the Paying Agent, with copies sent to the 
VPS Paying Agent and the Fiscal Agent.  On delivery of the relevant Final Terms by the VPS Paying Agent 
to the VPS and notification to the VPS of the subscribers and their VPS account details by the relevant 
Dealer, the VPS Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer will credit each subscribing account holder 
with the VPS with a nominal amount of VPS Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has 
subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of the VPS Notes in the VPS will take place in 
accordance with market practice at the time of the transaction.  Transfers of interests in the relevant VPS 
Notes will take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the VPS. 
Title to the VPS Notes will pass by registration in the registers between the direct or indirect accountholders 
at the VPS in accordance with the rules and procedures of the VPS.  The holder of a VPS Note will be the 
person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of the VPS.  The person evidenced (including any 
nominee) as a holder of the VPS Notes shall be treated as the holder of such VPS Notes for the purposes of 
payment of principal or interest on such VPS Notes.  The expressions "Noteholders" and "holder of Notes" 
and related expressions shall, in each case, be construed accordingly.

--- Page 52 ---
- 37 - 
Form of Swedish Notes 
Each Tranche of Swedish Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in 
accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring av 
finansiella instrument) as amended (the "SFIA Act").  No global or definitive Notes will be issued in 
respect thereof.  The holder of a Swedish Note will be the person evidenced as such by the register for such 
Note maintained by Euroclear Sweden on behalf of the Issuer.  Where a nominee (förvaltare) in accordance 
with the SFIA Act is so evidenced it shall be treated by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant Swedish 
Note. 
Title to the Swedish Notes will pass by way of registration in the Euroclear Sweden Register, perfected in 
accordance with the legislation (including the SFIA Act), rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued 
by Euroclear Sweden that are in force and effect from time to time.  Issues of Swedish Notes will be issued 
with the benefit of the Fiscal Agency Agreement. On the issue of Swedish Notes, the Issuer will send a 
copy of the relevant Final Terms to the Swedish Issuing Agent, with copies sent to the Paying Agent and 
the Fiscal Agent. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of the Swedish Notes in Euroclear Sweden will take 
place in accordance with market practice at the time of the transaction.  Transfers of interests in the relevant 
Swedish Notes will take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear 
Sweden. 
The person evidenced (including any nominee) as a holder of the Swedish Notes shall be treated as the 
holder of such Swedish Notes for the purposes of payment of principal or interest on such Swedish Notes.  
The expressions "Noteholders" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall, in each case, be 
construed accordingly.

--- Page 53 ---
- 38 - 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Each Temporary Global Note, Permanent Global Note and Global Registered Note contains (except in 
relation to Swiss Franc Notes) provisions which apply to the Notes while they are in global form, some of 
which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out herein.  Set out in this section 
(together with a description of the form of the Notes) is a summary of certain of those provisions. 
Form of Bearer Notes 
A Tranche of Bearer Notes of any particular Series (except Swiss Franc Notes) will be represented upon 
issue by a Temporary Global Note in bearer form without interest coupons, which will be deposited on or 
about the relevant closing date with a common depositary or depositaries for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system(s).  Each Temporary Global Note which is intended to 
be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or about the relevant 
closing date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  On or after the 
date which is 40 days after the later of the date of issue of the relevant Series or Tranche and the completion 
of distribution of all Notes of the relevant Series or Tranche and provided certification as to non-US 
beneficial ownership has been received, interests in a Temporary Global Note may be exchanged for 
interests in a Permanent Global Note in bearer form without interest coupons. 
Each Permanent Global Note which is not intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms will be deposited on or about the relevant Exchange Date with a common depositary or 
depositaries for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system(s).  Each 
Permanent Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or about the relevant Exchange Date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
If any interest payment on the Notes of a particular Series falls due whilst any of the Notes of that Series 
are represented by a Temporary Global Note, the related interest payment will be made on such Temporary 
Global Note only to the extent that certification as to non-US beneficial ownership has been received by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with the 
terms of such Temporary Global Note.  Payments of amounts due in respect of a Permanent Global Note 
will be made through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system(s) 
without any requirement for certification. 
The relevant Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not 
in part, for definitive Bearer Notes ("Definitive Bearer Notes") upon either (i) not less than 60 days' written 
notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an 
interest in such Permanent Global Notice) to the Fiscal Agent as described therein or (ii) only upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event.  Notes for which the relevant Final Terms permit trading in the Clearing 
Systems in Tradable Amounts which are not a Specified Denomination will only be exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes upon an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means (a) that 
the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have 
announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing 
system satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent is available; or (b) an Event of Default occurs under Condition 7 
(Events of  Default) of the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" in respect of any Note of the relevant Series, 
in all cases at the expense of the Issuer.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Fiscal Agent 
requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the 
first relevant notice by the Fiscal Agent.  Definitive Bearer Notes will, if interest bearing, have Coupons 
attached and, if appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons and will, if the principal thereof is repayable by 
instalments, have Receipts attached. 
Payments in respect of Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal, interest and any additional amounts pursuant to Condition 9 (Payments) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, if any, in respect of the Bearer Notes when represented by a Temporary Global 
Note or a Permanent Global Note which is not intended to be issued in NGN form will be made against 
presentation and surrender or, as the case may be, presentation of the relevant Temporary Global Note or

--- Page 54 ---
- 39 - 
Permanent Global Note to or to the order of any of the Paying Agents.  A record of each payment so made 
will be endorsed on the relevant schedule to the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note by or 
on behalf of the Fiscal Agent, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been 
made. 
Notices 
So long as the Notes of any Series are represented by a Global Note, notices to Holders of Notes may be 
given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant 
clearing system(s) for communication by them to entitled account holders in substitution for publication as 
required by the Conditions provided that, in the case of Notes listed with any listing authority(ies) or any 
stock exchange, the requirements (if any) of such listing authority(ies) or stock exchange(s) have been 
complied with. 
Meetings 
The holder of a Temporary Global Note, Permanent Global Note or Global Registered Note as the case 
may be, will be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of 
Holders of Notes. 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note surrendered for cancellation following its redemption will be effected by reduction 
in the principal amount of the relevant Temporary Global Note, Permanent Global Note or Global 
Registered Note as the case may be. 
Issuer's Option 
No drawing of Notes will be required under Condition 6(f) (Optional Early Redemption (Call)) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes in the event that the Issuer exercises any option relating to those Notes while 
all such Notes which are outstanding are represented by a Temporary Global Note, Permanent Global Note 
or Global Registered Note, as the case may be.  In such event standard procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) or, as the case may be, such other 
relevant clearing system(s) shall operate to determine which interests in such Global Notes, are to be subject 
to such option. 
Holder's Option 
For so long as the Notes of any Series are represented by either a Temporary Global Note, a Permanent 
Global Note or Global Registered Note, as the case may be, the owner of a beneficial interest therein may 
exercise its option to redeem under Condition 6(h) (Optional Early Redemption (Put)) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (where such put option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable) 
by depositing the redemption notice with any Agent, together with an authority to Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system(s) to effect redemption (in accordance with its operating 
procedures and rules) of the portion of the Temporary Global Note, Permanent Global Note or Global 
Registered Note, as the case may be, which represents the Notes then being redeemed. 
Conditions apply 
Until the whole of a Temporary Global Note, Permanent Global Note or Global Registered Note, as the 
case may be, has been exchanged as provided therein or cancelled in accordance with the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement, the holder of the Global Note shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Notes set out 
herein and, subject as therein otherwise provided, shall be entitled to the same rights and benefits thereunder 
as if the bearer were the holder of the definitive Notes and Coupons represented by the relevant part of the 
relevant Global Note. 
Record Date 
Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Note will be made to the person shown as the Holder in 
the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System Business Day 
before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System Business Day" means

--- Page 55 ---
- 40 - 
a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Note is being held is open for 
business. 
Business Day 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Business Day" in Condition 1 (Interpretation), while all the Notes are 
represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) 
or a Global Registered Note and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the 
Temporary Global Note are), or the Global Registered Note is deposited with a depositary or a common 
depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system, "Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro any day which is a TARGET2 Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Relevant Financial Centre; 
or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried 
on in the Relevant Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each other (if any) Relevant 
Financial Centre.

--- Page 56 ---
- 41 - 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
A pro forma Final Terms for use in connection with the Programme is set out below.  This pro forma is 
subject to completion to set out the terms upon which each Tranche of Notes is to be issued. 
[EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")]/[distributor] should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
[Notes] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")][EU MiFID II]]; [or]/[;] (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II[; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129]. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 
(as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); [or]/[;] 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA[; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA]. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in

--- Page 57 ---
- 42 - 
Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets 
products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
In accessing the attached final terms (the "Final Terms") you agree to be bound by the following terms 
and conditions. 
The information contained in the Final Terms may be addressed to and/or targeted at persons who are 
residents of particular countries only as specified in the Final Terms and/or in the Base Prospectus (as 
defined in the Final Terms) and is not intended for use and should not be relied upon by any person outside 
those countries and/or to whom the offer contained in the Final Terms is not addressed. Prior to relying 
on the information contained in the Final Terms, you must ascertain from the Final Terms and/or 
the Base Prospectus whether or not you are an intended addressee of the information contained 
therein. 
Neither the Final Terms nor the Base Prospectus constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to 
buy securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would 
be unlawful prior to registration, exemption from registration or qualification under the securities law of 
any such jurisdiction.  
The securities described in the Final Terms and the Base Prospectus have not been, and will not be, 
registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered 
or sold directly or indirectly within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons or 
to persons within the United States of America (as such terms are defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act ("Regulation S")). The securities described in the Final Terms will only be offered in 
offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance upon Regulation S. 
Final Terms dated [•] 
NORDEA BANK ABP 
Issue of 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] 
[Title of Notes] 
Issued under the 
€50,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 7 May 2021 [and the base prospectus supplement[s] 
dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for 
the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus 
[as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information.  The Base Prospectus [and the base 
prospectus supplement[s]] [is] [are] available for viewing during normal business hours at, and copies may 
be obtained from, the principal office of the Issuer at Satamaradankatu 5, FI-00020 Nordea, Helsinki and 
[has/have] been published on the Issuer's website www.nordea.com.] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date: 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [original date] [and the base prospectus supplement[s] 
dated [•]].  This document comprises the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 7 May 2021 
[and the base prospectus supplement[s] dated [•]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the 
"Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions 
which are extracted from the [base prospectus] dated [original date] [and the base prospectus supplement[s] 
dated [•]] and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 58 ---
- 43 - 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and the base prospectus dated [original date] and [•] [and the 
base prospectus supplement[s] dated [•]].  The Base Prospectus [,] [and] the [base prospectus] dated 
[original date] [and the base prospectus supplement[s]] [is] [are] available for viewing during normal 
business hours at, and copies may be obtained from, the principal office of the Issuer at Satamaradankatu 
5, FI-00020 Nordea, Helsinki and [has/have] been published on the Issuer's website www.nordea.com.]  
[For the purposes of these Final Terms, the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
(EU) No. 2017/1129.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
 (i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
Not Applicable / The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading 
purposes 
with 
the 
[provide 
issue 
amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue date of earlier 
Tranches] (the "Original Notes")  on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as described 
in these Final Terms [which is expected to occur on 
or about [•]] 
2. 
 Specified Currency: 
[•] 
3. 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
4. 
 Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Tranche [plus accrued interest 
from [insert date] (in the case of fungible issues only, 
if applicable)]  
5. 
 (i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
(No Notes may be issued which have a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR100,000 (or nearly 
equivalent in another currency) 
[Where multiple denominations above EUR 100,000 
(or equivalent) are being used, and Notes are not 
being issued in registered form, the following sample 
wording should be followed:  So long as the Notes 
are represented by a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note and the relevant clearing 
systems so permit, the Notes will be tradeable only 
in the minimum authorised denomination of [EUR 
100,000] and higher integral multiples of [EUR 
1,000], notwithstanding that no definitive notes will 
be issued with a denomination above [EUR 
199,000].] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
[If there is more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor of those Specified

--- Page 59 ---
- 44 - 
Denominations (note: there must be a common 
factor of two or more Specified Denominations)] 
6. 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[•] 
7. 
 Maturity Date: 
[•] / Interest Payment date falling in or nearest to [•] 
(in the case of Floating Rate Notes) 
8. 
 Interest Basis: 
[•] per cent. Fixed rate / [LIBOR / EURIBOR/ 
BBSW / BKBM / CDOR / CIBOR / HIBOR / JIBAR 
/ MOSPRIME / NIBOR / SHIBOR / SOFR / SONIA 
/ STIBOR / TIBOR / TIIE / TRLIBOR / WIBOR] ± 
[•] per cent. Floating Rate / Zero Coupon / Reset 
Notes 
9. 
 Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Redemption at par, subject to any purchase and 
cancellation or early redemption / Partly Paid / 
Instalment 
10. 
 Put/Call Options: 
Not Applicable / Investor Put / Issuer Call 
11. 
 Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
Preferred 
/ 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
/ 
Subordinated  
12. 
 Authorisation: 
Not Applicable / The issuance of the Notes was 
authorised by a decision of [•] dated [•] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
 Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
Applicable [from [•] to [•]] / Not Applicable  
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable [annually / semi-
annually / quarterly / monthly] in arrear 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year[, adjusted [for payment purposes 
only] in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention and any applicable Business Centre(s) 
for the definition of "Business Day"]/, not adjusted] 
[Insert the following option for Renminbi Notes if 
Interest Payment Dates are to be modified: Interest 
Payment Dates will be adjusted for calculation of 
interest and for payment purposes in accordance 
with 
the 
[specify 
applicable 
Business 
Day 
Convention]] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
[Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s): 
[Include this item for Renminbi Notes only: The 
Fiscal Agent/[•] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
Not Applicable / Insert particulars of any initial or 
final broken interest amounts which do not 
correspond with the Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)] 
 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) /

--- Page 60 ---
- 45 - 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
 
(NB: Actual/Actual (ICMA) is normally only 
appropriate for Fixed Rate Notes denominated in 
euro)  
 
(vii)  
Determination Date(s): 
[•] in each year  
 
 
[Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long and 
short first or last coupon]  
 
 
(NB:  This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest payment dates which are not of 
equal duration).  
 
 
(NB:  Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)). 
14. 
 Floating Rate Note Provisions 
Applicable [from [•] to [•]] / Not Applicable  
 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] in each year commencing on [•] up to and 
including [•] 
[No adjustments will be made to the Interest 
Amounts [except for the Broken Amount for the 
[first/last] Interest Payment date on [•]]] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention / FRN Convention / Floating Rate 
Convention 
/ 
Eurodollar 
Convention 
/ 
No 
Adjustment 
(N.B. Only the Following Business Day Convention 
(unadjusted)/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention (adjusted) can be applicable for 
Swedish Notes) 
 
(iii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
Screen Rate Determination  
 
(iv) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s): 
Agent / [•] 
 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
(Insert if Index Determination applicable) 
 
• 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SONIA Compounded 
Index: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SOFR 
Compounded 
Index: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Compounded SOFR 
[Compounded SOFR with Lookback / Compounded 
SOFR with Observation Period Shift / Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 61 ---
- 46 - 
 
• 
Numerator 
[          ] / [As per Conditions] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Decimal 
Place: 
[          ] / [As per Conditions] 
 
• 
Relevant Number of 
Index Days: 
[          ] / [As per Conditions] 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[          ] / [The day falling the Relevant Number of 
Index Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period, or such other date on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
which, by its definition or the operation of the 
relevant provisions, is excluded from the relevant 
Interest Period)] 
 
(Insert if Index Determination not applicable) 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[LIBOR / EURIBOR / BBSW / BKBM / CDOR / 
CIBOR / HIBOR / JIBAR / MOSPRIME / NIBOR / 
SHIBOR / SOFR / SONIA / STIBOR / TIBOR / 
TIIE / TRLIBOR / WIBOR] 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[As set out in Condition 5(b)(iv) (Interest – Floating 
Rate Note Provisions (other than Floating Rate 
Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR) / [•]] 
 
(vi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period) 
 
(vii)    
Determination Agent: 
[•] / Not Applicable 
 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
[±][•] per cent. per annum  
 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable 
 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable 
 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
(xii) 
Observation Look-back Period 
[•] / Not Applicable  
 
(xiii)    Benchmark Replacement 
Fallback: 
Condition 
5(h) 
(Benchmark 
Replacement 
- 
Independent Adviser) is applicable/ Condition 5(i) 
(Benchmark Replacement – ARRC) is applicable2 
 
(xiv)       "p"  
[•] U.S. Government Securities Business Days3/[•] 
London Banking Days/ Not Applicable  
 
2 If the Reference Rate is SOFR, "Condition 5(i) (Benchmark Replacement – ARRC)" should be selected as applicable. 
3 If the Reference Rate is SOFR, "p" should be a minimum of 5 U.S. Government Securities Business Days.

--- Page 62 ---
- 47 - 
 
(xv) Compounded Daily SONIA: 
[Compounded 
SONIA 
with 
Lookback 
/ 
Compounded SONIA with Observation Period Shift 
/ Not Applicable] 
15. 
 Zero Coupon Note Provisions  
Applicable / Not Applicable 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum  
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] per cent. per annum  
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA) 
16. 
 Reset Note Provisions 
Applicable / Not Applicable  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii)  
First Margin: 
[±][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii)  
Subsequent Margin: 
[±][•] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable 
 
(iv)  
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [and [•]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [[in each case,] subject to adjustment 
in accordance with paragraph 16(xvi)] 
 
(v)  
Fixed Coupon Amount up to 
(but excluding) the First Reset 
Date: 
[•] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable 
 
(vi)  
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] / Not Applicable 
 
(vii)  
First Reset Date: 
[•] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
paragraph 16(xvi)] 
 
(viii)  
Second Reset Date: 
Not Applicable / [•] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph 16(xvi)] 
 
(ix)  
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
Not Applicable / [•] [and [•]] [subject to adjustment 
in accordance with paragraph 16(xvi)] 
 
(x)  
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(xi)     
Reset Reference Rate: 
Reference Bond Rate / Mid-Swap Rate 
 
(xii)  
Mid-Swap Rate: 
Single Mid-Swap Rate / Mean Mid-Swap Rate / Not 
Applicable 
 
(xiii)  
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[•]

--- Page 63 ---
- 48 - 
 
(xiv)   
Reference Banks: 
[•] 
 
(xv)   
Reset Reference Rate 
Conversion 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi)   
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Basis 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii)  
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)  
 
(xviii)  Reset Determination Dates: 
[•] in each year / The provisions in the Conditions 
apply 
 
(xix)    Reset Determination Time:  
[•] 
 
(xx)  
Business Day Convention: 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention / FRN Convention / Floating Rate 
Convention 
/ 
Eurodollar 
Convention 
/ 
No 
Adjustment 
 
(xxi)  
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
 
(xxii)  
Determination Agent: 
[•] 
 
(xxiii) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[LIBOR / EURIBOR / BBSW / BKBM / CDOR / 
CIBOR / HIBOR / JIBAR / MOSPRIME / NIBOR / 
SHIBOR / SOFR / SONIA / STIBOR / TIBOR / 
TIIE / TRLIBOR / WIBOR] 
 
 
(xxiv) 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Fallback:  
 
Condition 
5(h) 
(Benchmark 
Replacement 
- 
Independent Adviser) is applicable/ Condition 5(i) 
(Benchmark Replacement – ARRC) is applicable4 
 
(xxv)      "p"  
[•] U.S. Government Securities Business Days5/[•] 
London Banking Days/ Not Applicable 
 
(xxvi) Compounded Daily SONIA:  
[Compounded 
SONIA 
with 
Lookback 
/ 
Compounded SONIA with Observation Period Shift 
/ Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
 Call Option 
Applicable / Not Applicable  
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
4 If the Reference Rate is SOFR, "Condition 5(i) (Benchmark Replacement – ARRC)" should be selected as applicable. 
5 If the Reference Rate is SOFR, "p" should be a minimum of 5 U.S. Government Securities Business Days.

--- Page 64 ---
- 49 - 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
Not Applicable / [•]/[Any date from and including 
[•] to but excluding [•]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
Not Applicable / [•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Early redemption as a result of a 
Withholding Tax Event: 
Not Applicable / The provisions in Condition 6(b) 
(Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons – 
Withholding Tax) apply 
 
(iv) 
Early redemption as a result of a 
Tax Event: 
Not Applicable / The provisions in Condition 6(c) 
(Early Redemption as a result of a Tax Event) apply 
 
(v) 
Early Redemption as a result of 
an 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
Not Applicable / The provisions in Condition 6(d) 
(Early Redemption of Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes 
or 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Notes 
or 
Subordinated Notes as a result of an MREL 
Disqualification Event) apply. 
 
(vi) 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
Effective Date:  
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Early redemption as a result of a 
Capital Event: 
Not Applicable / The provisions in Condition 6(e) 
(Early Redemption of Subordinated Notes as a result 
of a Capital Event) apply 
 
(vii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount  
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount  
 
(viii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
18. 
 Put Option 
Applicable / Not Applicable 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•]/[Any date from and including [•] to but excluding 
[•]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
19. 
 Final Redemption Amount 
[Par/[•]] per Calculation Amount 
20. 
 Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
[Par] 
[Condition 6[(b)/(c), (d)] applies] 
(NB: No early redemption may take place save in the 
circumstances set out in the Conditions)

--- Page 65 ---
- 50 - 
event 
of 
default 
or 
other 
early 
redemption:6 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
 Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes:] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in 
the 
limited 
circumstances 
specified 
in 
the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice] 
 
 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 
5 includes language substantially to the following 
effect: "[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]." 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issue of Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes) 
 
 
[Registered Notes: Individual Note Certificates / 
Global 
Registered 
Note 
[exchangeable 
for 
Individual Note Certificates on [•] days' notice/at 
any time/in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Global Registered Note]] 
 
 
[The Notes are VP Notes in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form] 
 
 
[The Notes are VPS Notes in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form] 
 
 
[The Notes are Swedish Notes in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form] 
22. 
 New Global Note: 
Yes / No / Not Applicable 
23. 
 Additional cities for the purposes of the 
definition of Relevant Financial Centre: 
Not Applicable / Give details 
24. 
 Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
Yes.  The Talons mature on [•] / No 
25. 
 Details relating to Partly Paid Notes:  
amount of such payment comprising the 
Issue Price and date on which each 
payment is to be made: 
Not Applicable / Applicable.  Amount of payment 
comprising the Issue Price: [•].  Date of payment: 
[•] 
 
6 i.e. as a result of, in the case of Subordinated Notes only, a Capital Event, a Tax Event or an MREL Disqualification 
Event.

--- Page 66 ---
- 51 - 
26. 
 Details relating to Instalment Notes:  
amount of each instalment, date on which 
each payment is to be made: 
Not Applicable / Applicable.  Amount of 
instalment: [•].  Date of payment: [•] 
27. 
 Substitution and variation provisions: 
Not Applicable / Condition 17 (Substitution and 
Variation) applies 
28. 
 Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[LIBOR / EURIBOR / BBSW / BKBM / CDOR / 
CIBOR / HIBOR / JIBAR / MOSPRIME / NIBOR 
/ SHIBOR / SOFR / SONIA / STIBOR / TIBOR / 
TIIE / TRLIBOR / WIBOR] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]][repeat as necessary]. 
[As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat 
as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, the [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended] /[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [LIBOR / EURIBOR / BBSW / BKBM 
/ CDOR / CIBOR / HIBOR / JIBAR / MOSPRIME 
/ NIBOR/ SOFR/ SONIA / STIBOR / TIBOR / TIIE 
/ TRLIBOR / WIBOR] does not fall within the 
scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended] 
/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name of 
administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)] / [Not Applicable] 
29. 
 Senior Preferred Notes Events of Default: 
[Restricted Events of Default in accordance with 
Condition 7(b) (Restricted Events of Default – 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes or 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes)7 / Unrestricted 
Events of Default in accordance with Condition 7(a) 
(Unrestricted Events of Default – Unrestricted 
Senior Preferred Notes) / Not Applicable] 
SIGNATURE 
Signed on behalf of Nordea Bank Abp: 
By: 
 
Duly authorised 
 
Date: 
 
 
7 Select 'Restricted Events of Default in accordance with Condition 7(b)' for Notes intended to be eligible as MREL.

--- Page 67 ---
- 52 - 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
Application has been made to the [Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin/Luxembourg Stock Exchange/Oslo Børs] for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on its regulated market with effect from [•].  
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original securities are already admitted 
to trading.) 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
The issuance of Notes itself has not been assigned any ratings solicited by the Issuer / The issuance 
of Notes itself is expected to be rated:  
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: 
[•]] 
 
[Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) AB: 
[•]] 
 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited: 
[•]] 
 
 
[Include explanation of meaning of the ratings given to a particular issuance] 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA  and registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the 
UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").  [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent list]) on the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation ").]/ [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not been certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given 
to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the EU CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EEA and has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation"), although notification of the corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the [relevant competent authority] /[European Securities and Markets Authority].  
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the 
ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of particular

--- Page 68 ---
- 53 - 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the EU CRA Regulation and not 
applied for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EEA and is neither registered nor has it applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
( the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( 
the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation and details 
of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the EEA 
or certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation").  [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent list]) on the FCA's Financial Services Register, available at https://register.fca.org.uk/s/.  
[The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has given 
to the Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA 
which is established and registered under the EU CRA Regulation AND/OR under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is not established in 
the EEA or the UK but the rating it has given to the Notes to be issued under the Programme is 
endorsed by [[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the UK

--- Page 69 ---
- 54 - 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation")]. 
 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK and relevant rating is not endorsed under 
the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation but CRA is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation AND/OR under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is not established in 
the EEA or the UK but is certified under [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation")][and][ Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation")]. 
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or the UK nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is not established in 
the EEA or the UK and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in either the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER  
 
Save as discussed in "Subscription and Sale" in the Base Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer / [•] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, TOTAL EXPENSES AND NET PROCEEDS  
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[•]  
[[See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Base 
Prospectus] / [•]]   
 
Estimated total expenses [in relation to 
admission to trading]: 
[•]  
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate / Reset Notes only - YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
 
 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue 
Date on the basis of the Issue Price.  It is not an 
indication of future yield.] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES  
 
Details of historic Reference Rate can be obtained from [Reuters / [•]].] 
7. 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[Relevant third-party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 70 ---
- 55 - 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
If syndicated names of Managers: 
Not Applicable / [•] 
 
(ii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
Not Applicable / Give name 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
Not Applicable / Give name and address 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S Category 2 
(In the case of Bearer Notes) - TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable 
(In the case of Registered Notes/VP Notes/VPS 
Notes/Swedish Notes) -TEFRA Not Applicable 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified.  
If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and 
no Key Information Document ("KID") will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified.  
If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and 
no Key Information Document ("KID") will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
9. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
FISN: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available] 
 
CFI Code: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or requested, 
it/they should be specified to be "Not Applicable".) 
 
Issuer LEI: 
529900ODI3047E2LIV03 
 
New Global Note intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
Yes / No / Not Applicable (in the case of Notes not 
issued in NGN form) 
[Note that the designation "yes" means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg

--- Page 71 ---
- 56 - 
acting as common safekeeper,] [include this text for 
Registered Notes] and does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central 
Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] [include this text if "yes" is 
selected in which case the Notes must be bearer 
Notes issued in NGN form] 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as common safekeeper 
[(and registered in the name of a nominee of one of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg acting as 
common 
safekeeper,][include 
this 
text 
for 
Registered Notes]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central 
Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] [this text may be 
appropriate to include if "no" is selected and the 
Notes are bearer Notes issued in NGN form] 
 
Clearing system(s) [and identification 
number, if applicable]: 
Euroclear / Clearstream, Luxembourg / VP 
Securities 
A/S 
(VP 
identification 
number:  
215993361) / VPS, the Norwegian Central 
Securities Depository (VPS identification number:  
[•]) / Euroclear Sweden, the Swedish Central 
Securities 
Depository 
(Euroclear 
Sweden 
identification number:  [•])  
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Name(s) and address(es) of additional 
[Paying Agent(s) / VP Issuing Agent(s) / 
VPS Paying Agent(s) / Swedish Issuing 
Agent(s) / Swiss Paying Agent(s)] (if any): 
Not Applicable / Give name and address

--- Page 72 ---
- 57 - 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT  
A pro forma Pricing Supplement for use in connection with Exempt Notes issued under the Programme is 
set out below.  This pro forma is subject to completion and amendment to set out the terms upon which 
each Tranche of Exempt Notes is to be issued. 
[EU MiFID II product governance / target market - [appropriate target market legend to be included]] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / target market - [appropriate target market legend to be included]] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")][EU MiFID II] [or]/[;] (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II[; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129]. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 
(as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") [or]/[;]  
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA[; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA]. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets 
products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018).  
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
In accessing the attached pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") you agree to be bound by the 
following terms and conditions. 
The information contained in the Pricing Supplement may be addressed to and/or targeted at persons who 
are residents of particular countries only as specified in the Pricing Supplement and/or in the Base 
Prospectus (as defined in the Pricing Supplement) and is not intended for use and should not be relied upon 
by any person outside those countries and/or to whom the offer contained in the Pricing Supplement is not 
addressed. Prior to relying on the information contained in the Pricing Supplement, you must 
ascertain from the Pricing Supplement and/or the Base Prospectus whether or not you are an 
intended addressee of the information contained therein. 
Neither the Pricing Supplement nor the Base Prospectus constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an 
offer to buy securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or 
sale would be unlawful prior to registration, exemption from registration or qualification under the 
securities law of any such jurisdiction.

--- Page 73 ---
- 58 - 
The securities described in the Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus have not been, and will not be, 
registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered 
or sold directly or indirectly within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons or 
to persons within the United States of America (as such terms are defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act ("Regulation S")). The securities described in the Pricing Supplement will only be offered 
in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance upon Regulation S.

--- Page 74 ---
- 59 - 
Pricing Supplement dated [•] 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 AS 
AMENDED FOR THIS ISSUE OF NOTES. 
NORDEA BANK ABP 
Issue of 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] 
[Title of Notes] 
Issued under the 
€50,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 7 May 2021 [and the base prospectus supplement[s] 
dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"). This document 
constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with such 
Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and 
the base prospectus supplement[s]] are available for viewing during normal business hours at, and copies 
may be obtained from, the principal office of the Issuer at Satamaradankatu 5, FI-00020 Nordea, Helsinki. 
and [has/have] been published on the Issuer's website www.nordea.com.] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date: 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the [base prospectus] dated [original date] [and the base prospectus 
supplement[s] dated [•]].  This document comprises the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein 
and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 7 May 2021 [and the base prospectus 
supplement[s] dated [•]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), save in 
respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the [base prospectus] dated [original date] [and the base 
prospectus supplement[s] dated [•]].  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement, the Base Prospectus and the base 
prospectus dated [original date] and [•] [and the base prospectus supplement[s] dated [•]] and are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and] the [base prospectus] dated 
[original date] [and the base prospectus supplement[s]] [is] [are] available for viewing during normal 
business hours at, and copies may be obtained from, the principal office of the Issuer at Satamaradankatu 
5, FI-00020 Nordea, Helsinki.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Italics denote guidance for 
completing this Pricing Supplement.] 
1. 
 (i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
Not Applicable / The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading 
purposes 
with 
the 
[provide 
issue 
amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue date of earlier 
Tranches] (the "Original Notes")  on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as described 
in this Pricing Supplement [which is expected to 
occur on or about [•]] 
2. 
 Specified Currency: 
[•] 
3. 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount:

--- Page 75 ---
- 60 - 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
4. 
 Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Tranche [plus accrued interest 
from [insert date] (in the case of fungible issues only, 
if applicable)]  
5. 
 (i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
(No Notes may be issued which have a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR 1,000 (or nearly 
equivalent in another currency) 
[Where multiple denominations above EUR 100,000 
(or equivalent) are being used and Notes are not 
being issued in registered form, the following sample 
wording should be followed:  So long as the Notes 
are represented by a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note and the relevant clearing 
systems so permit, the Notes will be tradeable only 
in the minimum authorised denomination of [EUR 
100,000] and higher integral multiples of [EUR 
1,000], notwithstanding that no definitive notes will 
be issued with a denomination above [EUR 
199,000].] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
[If there is more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor of those Specified 
Denominations (note: there must be a common factor 
of two or more Specified Denominations)] 
6. 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[•] 
7. 
 Maturity Date: 
[•] / Interest Payment date falling in or nearest to [•] 
(in the case of Floating Rate Notes) 
8. 
 Interest Basis: 
[•] per cent. Fixed rate / [LIBOR / EURIBOR/ 
BBSW / BKBM / CDOR / CIBOR / HIBOR / JIBAR 
/ MOSPRIME / NIBOR / SHIBOR / SOFR / SONIA 
/ STIBOR / TIBOR / TIIE / TRLIBOR / WIBOR / 
other] ± [•] per cent. Floating Rate / Zero Coupon / 
Reset Notes 
9. 
 Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Redemption at par, subject to any purchase and 
cancellation or early redemption / Partly Paid / 
Instalment 
10. 
 Put/Call Options: 
Not Applicable / Investor Put / Issuer Call 
11. 
 Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
Preferred 
/ 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
/ 
Subordinated  
12. 
 Authorisation: 
Not Applicable / The issuance of the Notes was 
authorised by a decision of [•] dated [•]

--- Page 76 ---
- 61 - 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
 Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
Applicable [from [•] to [•]] / Not Applicable  
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable [annually / semi-
annually / quarterly / monthly] in arrear 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year[, adjusted [for payment purposes 
only] in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention and any applicable Business Centre(s) 
for the definition of "Business Day"]/, not adjusted] 
[Insert the following option for Renminbi Notes if 
Interest Payment Dates are to be modified: Interest 
Payment Dates will be adjusted for calculation of 
interest and for payment purposes in accordance with 
the [specify applicable Business Day Convention]] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
[Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s): 
[Include this item for Renminbi Notes only: The 
Fiscal Agent/[•] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable/Insert particulars of any initial or 
final broken interest amounts which do not 
correspond with the Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]] 
 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA) / Other 
 
 
(NB: Actual/Actual (ICMA) is normally only 
appropriate for Fixed Rate Notes denominated in 
euro)  
 
(vii)  
Determination Date(s): 
[•] in each year  
 
 
[Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long and 
short first or last coupon]  
 
 
(NB:  This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest payment dates which are not of 
equal duration).  
 
 
(NB:  Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)). 
14. 
 Floating Rate Note Provisions 
Applicable [from [•] to [•]] / Not Applicable  
 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] in each year commencing on [•] up to and 
including [•] 
[No adjustments will be made to the Interest 
Amounts [except for the Broken Amount for the 
[first/last] Interest Payment date on [•]]] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified

--- Page 77 ---
- 62 - 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention / FRN Convention / Floating Rate 
Convention 
/ 
Eurodollar 
Convention 
/ 
No 
Adjustment / Other 
(N.B. Only the Following Business Day Convention 
(unadjusted)/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention (adjusted) can be applicable for Swedish 
Notes) 
 
(iii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
Screen Rate Determination  
 
(iv) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
Agent / [•] 
 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
(Insert if Index Determination applicable) 
 
• 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SONIA Compounded 
Index: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SOFR 
Compounded 
Index: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Compounded SOFR 
[Compounded SOFR with Lookback / Compounded 
SOFR with Observation Period Shift / Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Numerator 
[          ] / [As per Conditions] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Decimal 
Place: 
[          ] / [As per Conditions] 
 
• 
Relevant Number of 
Index Days: 
[          ] / [As per Conditions] 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[          ] / [The day falling the Relevant Number of 
Index Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period, or such other date on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
which, by its definition or the operation of the 
relevant provisions, is excluded from the relevant 
Interest Period)] 
 
(Insert if Index Determination not applicable) 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
LIBOR / EURIBOR / BBSW / BKBM / CDOR / 
CIBOR / HIBOR / JIBAR / MOSPRIME / NIBOR / 
SHIBOR / SOFR / SONIA / STIBOR / TIBOR / TIIE 
/ TRLIBOR / WIBOR / other 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[As set out in Condition 5(b)(iv)/ [•]]

--- Page 78 ---
- 63 - 
 
(vi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period) 
 
(vii)   
Determination Agent: 
[•] / Not Applicable 
 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
[±][•] per cent. per annum  
 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum[/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum[/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA) / Other 
 
(xii)    
Observation Look-back Period: 
[•] / Not Applicable 
 
(xiii) 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
fallback: 
Condition 
5(h) 
(Benchmark 
Replacement 
- 
Independent Adviser) is applicable/ Condition 5(i) 
(Benchmark Replacement – ARRC) is applicable8 
 
(xiv) 
"p" 
[•] U.S. Government Securities Business Days9/ [•] 
London Banking Days/Not Applicable  
 
(xv) Compounded Daily SONIA:  
[Compounded 
SONIA 
with 
Lookback 
/ 
Compounded SONIA with Observation Period Shift 
/ Not Applicable] 
15. 
 Zero Coupon Note Provisions  
Applicable / Not Applicable 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum  
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] per cent. per annum  
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA) / Other 
16. 
 Reset Note Provisions 
Applicable / Not Applicable  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii)  
First Margin: 
[±][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii)  
Subsequent Margin: 
[±][•] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable 
 
8 If the Reference Rate is SOFR, "Condition 5(i) (Benchmark Replacement – ARRC)" should be selected as applicable. 
9 If the Reference Rate is SOFR, "p" should be a minimum of 5 U.S. Government Securities Business Days.

--- Page 79 ---
- 64 - 
 
(iv)  
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [and [•]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [[in each case,] subject to adjustment 
in accordance with paragraph 16(xvi)] 
 
(v)  
Fixed Coupon Amount up to 
(but excluding) the First Reset 
Date: 
[•] per Calculation Amount / Not Applicable 
 
(vi)  
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] / Not Applicable 
 
(vii)  
First Reset Date: 
[•] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
paragraph 16(xvi)] 
 
(viii)  
Second Reset Date: 
Not Applicable / [•] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with paragraph 16(xvi)] 
 
(ix)  
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
Not Applicable / [•] [and [•]] [subject to adjustment 
in accordance with paragraph 16(xvi)] 
 
(x)  
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
(xi)  
Reset Reference Rate: 
Reference Bond Rate / Mid-Swap Rate 
 
(xii)  
Mid-Swap Rate: 
Single Mid-Swap Rate / Mean Mid-Swap Rate / Not 
Applicable 
 
(xiii)  
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[•] 
 
(xiv)  
Reference Banks: 
[•] 
 
(xv)  
Reset Reference Rate 
Conversion 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi)  
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Basis 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii)  
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)  
 
(xviii)  Reset Determination Dates: 
[•] in each year / The provisions in the Conditions 
apply 
 
(xix)   
Reset Determination Time:  
[•] 
 
(xx)  
Business Day Convention: 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention / FRN Convention / Floating Rate 
Convention 
/ 
Eurodollar 
Convention 
/ 
No 
Adjustment 
 
(xxi)  
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•]

--- Page 80 ---
- 65 - 
 
(xxii)  
Determination Agent: 
[•] 
 
(xxiii) Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate:  
[LIBOR / EURIBOR / BBSW / BKBM / CDOR / 
CIBOR / HIBOR / JIBAR / MOSPRIME / NIBOR / 
SHIBOR / SOFR / SONIA / STIBOR / TIBOR / TIIE 
/ TRLIBOR / WIBOR] 
 
(xxiv) Benchmark Replacement 
fallback: 
Condition 
5(h) 
(Benchmark 
Replacement 
– 
Independent Adviser) is applicable/ Condition 5(i) 
(Benchmark Replacement – ARRC) is applicable10 
 
(xxv) "p" 
[•] U.S. Government Securities Business Days11/[•] 
London Banking Days/ Not Applicable  
 
(xxvi)  Other terms relating to Reset 
Notes: 
Not Applicable / [•] 
 
(xxvi) Compounded Daily SONIA: 
[Compounded 
SONIA 
with 
Lookback 
/ 
Compounded SONIA with Observation Period Shift 
/ Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
 Call Option 
Applicable / Not Applicable  
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
Not Applicable / [•]/[Any date from and including [•] 
to but excluding [•]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
Not Applicable / [•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Early redemption as a result of 
a Withholding Tax Event: 
Not Applicable / The provisions in Condition 6(b) 
(Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons – 
Withholding Tax) apply 
 
(iv) 
Early redemption as a result of 
a Tax Event: 
Not Applicable / The provisions in Condition 6(c) 
(Early Redemption as a result of a Tax Event) apply 
 
(v) 
Early redemption as a result of 
an 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
Not Applicable / The provisions in Condition 6(d) 
(Early Redemption of Restricted Senior Preferred 
Notes 
or 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Notes 
or 
Subordinated Notes as a result of an MREL 
Disqualification Event) apply 
 
(vi) 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
Effective Date:  
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Early redemption as a result of 
a Capital Event: 
Not Applicable / The provisions in Condition 6(e) 
(Early Redemption of Subordinated Notes as a result 
of a Capital Event) apply 
 
(viii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
10 If the Reference Rate is SOFR, "Condition 5(i) (Benchmark Replacement – ARRC)" should be selected as applicable. 
11 If the Reference Rate is SOFR, "p" should be a minimum of 5 U.S. Government Securities Business Days.

--- Page 81 ---
- 66 - 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ix) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
18. 
 Put Option 
Applicable / Not Applicable 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•]/[Any date from and including [•] to but excluding 
[•]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
19. 
 Final Redemption Amount 
[Par/[•]] per Calculation Amount 
20. 
 Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event 
of 
default 
or 
other 
early 
redemption:12 
[Par] 
[Condition 6(b), 6(c) 6(d), 6(e)] applies] 
(NB: No early redemption may take place save in the 
circumstances set out in the Conditions) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
 Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes:] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in 
the 
limited 
circumstances 
specified 
in 
the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice] 
 
 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 
5 includes language substantially to the following 
effect: "[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]." 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issue of Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes) 
 
 
[The Notes are Swiss Franc Notes in bearer form 
and will be represented on issue by a Permanent 
Global Note]  
 
12 i.e. as a result of, in the case of Subordinated Notes only, a Capital Event, a Tax Event or an MREL Disqualification 
Event.

--- Page 82 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
[Registered Notes : Individual Note Certificates / 
Global 
Registered 
Note 
[exchangeable 
for 
Individual Note Certificates on [•] days' notice/at 
any time/in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Global Registered Note]] 
 
 
[The Notes are VP Notes in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form] 
 
 
[The Notes are VPS Notes in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form] 
 
 
[The Notes are Swedish Notes in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form] 
22. 
 New Global Note: 
Yes / No / Not Applicable 
23. 
 Additional cities for the purposes of the 
definition of Relevant Financial Centre: 
Not Applicable / Give details 
24. 
 Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
Yes.  The Talons mature on [•] / No 
25. 
 Details relating to Partly Paid Notes:  
amount of such payment comprising the 
Issue Price and date on which each 
payment is to be made  
Not Applicable / Applicable.  Amount of payment 
comprising the Issue Price: [•].  Date of payment: [•] 
26. 
 Details relating to Instalment Notes:  
amount of each instalment, date on which 
each payment is to be made: 
Not Applicable / Applicable.  Amount of instalment: 
[•].  Date of payment: [•] 
27. 
 Substitution and variation provisions: 
Not Applicable / Condition 17 (Substitution and 
Variation) applies  
28. 
 Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[LIBOR / EURIBOR / BBSW / BKBM / CDOR / 
CIBOR / HIBOR / JIBAR / MOSPRIME / NIBOR 
/ SHIBOR / SOFR / SONIA / STIBOR / TIBOR / 
TIIE / TRLIBOR / WIBOR] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]][repeat as necessary]. 
[As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat 
as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, the [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended] / [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name 
of administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)] / [Not Applicable] 
29. 
 Senior Preferred Notes Events of 
Default: 
[Restricted Events of Default in accordance with 
Condition 7(b) (Restricted Events of Default – 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes or

--- Page 83 ---
- 68 - 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes)13 / Unrestricted 
Events of Default in accordance with Condition 7(a) 
(Unrestricted Events of Default – Unrestricted 
Senior Preferred Notes) / Not Applicable] 
30. 
 Other terms and conditions: 
Not Applicable / Give details 
 
 
 
13 Select 'Restricted Events of Default in accordance with Condition 7(b)' for Notes intended to be eligible as MREL.

--- Page 84 ---
- 69 - 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. 
SIGNATURE 
Signed on behalf of Nordea Bank Abp: 
By: 
 
Duly authorised 
 
Date:

--- Page 85 ---
- 70 - 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
[Not Applicable] / Application has been made to the [Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin / [•]] for the Notes to be admitted [to the Official List and to be admitted] to trading on [its 
Global Exchange Market / [•]] with effect from [•] / The Notes have been provisionally admitted 
to trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange with effect from [•]. Application for definitive listing on the 
SIX Swiss Exchange will be made as soon as is reasonably practicable thereafter. The last trading 
day is expected to be on [•] / Other 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original securities are already admitted 
to trading.) 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
The issuance of Notes itself has not been assigned any ratings solicited by the Issuer / The issuance 
of Notes itself is expected to be rated: 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: 
[•]] 
 
[Moody's Investors Service (Nordics) AB: 
[•]] 
 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited: 
[•]] 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA  and registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the 
UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").  [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent list]) on the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation ").]/ [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not been certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given 
to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the EU CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EEA and has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation"), although notification of the corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the [relevant competent authority] /[European Securities and Markets Authority].  
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the 
ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No

--- Page 86 ---
- 71 - 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered under the EU CRA Regulation and not 
applied for registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EEA and is neither registered nor has it applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
( the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( 
the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation and details 
of whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the EEA 
or certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation").  [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent list]) on the FCA's Financial Services Register, available at https://register.fca.org.uk/s/.  
[The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has given 
to the Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA 
which is established and registered under the EU CRA Regulation AND/OR under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is not established in 
the EEA or the UK but the rating it has given to the Notes to be issued under the Programme is 
endorsed by [[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation")].

--- Page 87 ---
- 72 - 
 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK and relevant rating is not endorsed under 
the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation but CRA is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation AND/OR under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is not established in 
the EEA or the UK but is certified under [Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation")][and][ Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation")]. 
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or the UK nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] is not established in 
the EEA or the UK and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in either the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER  
 
Save as discussed in "Subscription and Sale" in the Base Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer / [•] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, TOTAL EXPENSES AND NET PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[•]  
[[See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Base 
Prospectus] / [•]]  
 
Estimated total expenses [in relation to 
admission to trading]: 
[•]  
 
Estimated net proceeds:  
[•] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate / Reset Notes only - YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
 
 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue 
Date on the basis of the Issue Price.  It is not an 
indication of future yield.] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES  
 
Details of historic Reference Rate can be obtained from [Reuters / [•]].] 
7. 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[Relevant third-party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
If syndicated:

--- Page 88 ---
- 73 - 
 
(i) 
If syndicated names of managers: 
Not Applicable / [•]  
 
(ii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
Not Applicable / Give name 
 
(iii)  
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
Not Applicable / Give name and address 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S Category 2 
(In the case of Bearer Notes) - TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable 
(In the case of Registered Notes/VP Notes/VPS 
Notes/Swedish Notes) -TEFRA Not Applicable 
(In the case of Swiss Franc Notes) - TEFRA D in 
accordance with usual Swiss practice 
 
(v) 
Public Offer and/or Listing in 
Switzerland: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi)  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified.  
If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and 
no Key Information Document ("KID") will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(vii)  
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified.  
If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and 
no Key Information Document ("KID") will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
9. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
FISN 
[[•]/ See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available] 
 
CFI Code 
[[•]/See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or requested, 
it/they should be specified to be "Not Applicable".) 
 
[Swiss Security Number: 
[•]] 
 
Issuer LEI: 
529900ODI3047E2LIV03

--- Page 89 ---
- 74 - 
 
New Global Note intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
Yes / No / Not Applicable (in the case of Notes not 
issued in NGN form) 
[Note that the designation "yes" means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] [include this text if "yes" is selected in 
which case the Notes must be bearer Notes issued in 
NGN form] 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] [this 
text may be appropriate to include if "no" is selected 
and the Notes are bearer Notes issued in NGN form] 
 
Clearing system(s) [and identification 
number, if applicable]: 
Euroclear / Clearstream, Luxembourg / SIX SIS Ltd, 
Olten, Switzerland / VP Securities A/S (VP 
identification number: 215993361) / VPS, the 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository (VPS 
identification number:  [•]) / Euroclear Sweden, the 
Swedish Central Securities Depository (Euroclear 
Sweden identification number:  [•])  
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Name(s) and address(es) of additional 
[Paying Agent(s) / VP Issuing Agent(s) / 
VPS Paying Agent(s) / Swedish Issuing 
Agent(s) / Swiss Paying Agent(s)] (if any): 
Not Applicable / Give name and address 
10. 
[Swiss Franc Notes only - DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
 
Copies of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus are available at [•].] 
11. 
[Swiss Franc Notes only - REPRESENTATIVE 
 
In accordance with Article 58a of the Listing Rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange, [•] has been 
appointed by the Issuer as representative to lodge the listing application with the SIX Swiss 
Exchange.]

--- Page 90 ---
- 75 - 
12. 
[Swiss Franc Notes only - NO MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE / MATERIAL CHANGES 
SINCE THE MOST RECENT ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
Except as disclosed in the Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the 
financial condition or operations of the Issuer since [31 December 2020], which would materially 
affect its ability to carry out its obligations under the Notes.] 
13. 
[Swiss Franc Notes only - LAW AND JURISDICTION 
English law, courts of England (see Condition 18 (Law and Jurisdiction) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes).]

--- Page 91 ---
- 76 - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms 
or (in the case of Exempt Notes only) as completed, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, will be applicable to each Series of Notes. The paragraphs appearing in italics below are 
included for disclosure purposes only and do not form part of the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
The Notes are issued in accordance with the fiscal agency agreement (as amended and/or restated and/or 
replaced from time to time, the "Fiscal Agency Agreement") constituted by the fiscal agency agreement 
dated 7 May 2021 and made between Nordea Bank Abp (the "Issuer"), Citibank, N.A., London Branch in 
its capacity as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression shall include any successor to Citibank, 
N.A., London Branch in its capacity as such), Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG as registrar (the 
"Registrar" in relation to any Series of Notes except Swedish Notes, which expression shall include any 
successor to Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG in its capacity as such), certain financial institutions 
named therein in their capacity as paying agents (the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include the 
Fiscal Agent and any substitute or additional paying agents appointed in accordance with the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement), Nordea Bank Abp in its capacity as issuing agent for VP Notes (as defined below) (the "VP 
Issuing Agent"), Nordea Bank Abp in its capacity as Norwegian paying agent for VPS Notes (the "VPS 
Paying Agent") and Nordea Bank Abp in its capacity as Swedish issuing agent for Swedish Notes (the 
"Swedish Issuing Agent"). 
For the purposes of Notes denominated in Swiss francs ("Swiss Franc Notes"), the Issuer will, together 
with the Swiss paying agent specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (the "Swiss 
Paying Agent"), enter into a supplement agency agreement (the "Swiss Supplemental Agency 
Agreement") on or prior to the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Swiss Franc Notes. 
The Notes have the benefit of a deed of covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") dated 5 May 2020 (as amended 
and/or restated and/or replaced from time to time), executed by the Issuer in relation to the Notes. 
Copies of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection at the 
specified office of each of the Paying Agents and the Registrar.  All persons from time to time entitled to 
the benefit of obligations under any Notes shall be deemed to have notice of and to be bound by all of the 
provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant insofar as they relate to the relevant 
Notes. 
The Notes are issued in series (each a "Series") made up of one or more Tranches, and each Series will be 
the subject of a final terms (each a "Final Terms") or, in the case of Exempt Notes, a pricing supplement 
(the "Pricing Supplement") which, in either case, completes and (in the case of Exempt Notes only) 
completes, amends and/or replaces these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions"). In the case of Exempt 
Notes, any other reference in these Conditions to "Final Terms" shall be deemed to be a reference to the 
relevant Pricing Supplement. 
Notes may be cleared through SIX SIS AG, Olten Switzerland ("SIS"), or cleared through the Danish 
Securities Centre, VP Securities A/S ("VP Notes" and the "VP", respectively), the Norwegian Central 
Securities Depository which will be Verdipapirsentralen ASA ("VPS Notes" and the "VPS", respectively) 
or the Swedish Central Securities Depository which will be the Swedish Central Securities Depositary and 
Clearing Organisation Euroclear Sweden AB, incorporated in Sweden with Reg. No. 556112-8074 
("Swedish Notes" and "Euroclear Sweden"). 
As an alternative to clearing via Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") or Clearstream Banking SA 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), Swiss Franc Notes will be issued in bearer form and will be represented 
exclusively by a Permanent Global Note which shall be deposited by the Swiss Paying Agent with SIS, or 
such other depositary as may be approved by the SIX Swiss Exchange. For the purposes of Swiss Franc 
Notes, references in these Conditions to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be construed as 
including references to SIS, which expression shall include any other clearing institution recognised by the 
SIX Swiss Exchange with which the Permanent Global Note may be deposited from time to time, which 
shall be considered an additional or alternative clearing system for the purposes of these Conditions. 
The VP Notes will be registered in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form with the VP.  VP 
Notes registered in the VP are negotiable instruments and not subject to any restrictions on free negotiability 
under Danish law.

--- Page 92 ---
- 77 - 
As the VP Notes will be in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form, the Conditions applicable to 
VP Notes shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, the Deed of Covenant by 
which the VP Notes are constituted. 
The VPS Notes will be registered in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form with the VPS.  VPS 
Notes registered in VPS are negotiable instruments and not subject to any restrictions on free negotiability 
under Norwegian law. 
As the VPS Notes will be in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form, the Conditions applicable 
to the VPS Notes shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, the Deed of 
Covenant by which the VPS Notes are constituted. 
The registrar in respect of any Series of Swedish Notes will be Euroclear Sweden (the "Swedish 
Registrar") in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om 
kontoföring av finansiella instrument) as amended (the "SFIA Act"). 
The Swedish Notes will be registered in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form with Euroclear 
Sweden.  Swedish Notes registered in Euroclear Sweden are negotiable instruments and not subject to any 
restrictions on free negotiability under Swedish law. 
As the Swedish Notes will be in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form, the Conditions 
applicable to the Swedish Notes shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, 
the Deed of Covenant by which the Swedish Notes are constituted. 
References in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of the relevant Series and any references to 
Coupons and Receipts, both as defined below, are to Coupons and Receipts relating to Notes of the relevant 
Series. References to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (for the purposes of these terms and conditions, the "EU Prospectus 
Regulation").  
1. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative) or a formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines should be applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable), as a result of the 
replacement of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate with the 
relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable), and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made, or 
option provided, or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the spread, formula or 
methodology which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith, determines to be appropriate as a result of the replacement of the Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) with the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable); 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, delegated or 
implementing acts, regulatory or implementing technical standards, rules, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy and/or minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity then in effect in the Relevant Jurisdiction including, 
without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD, the SRM Regulation, BRRD, the 
Creditor Hierarchy Directive and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating 
to capital adequacy and/or minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss 
absorbing capacity and/or the implementation of the Creditor Hierarchy Directive adopted by the 
Competent Authority, the Resolution Authority or any other national or European authority from

--- Page 93 ---
- 78 - 
time to time, and then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the 
force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Nordea Group); 
"Benchmark Event" has the meaning given in Condition 5(h); 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of May 15, 2014 establishing the framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended by Directive (EU) 
2018/879 of 20 May 2019 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms, the Creditor Hierarchy Directive and Directive 98/26/EC, and as 
may be further amended or replaced from time to time; 
"Business Day" means (unless varied or restated in the relevant Final Terms) a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the relevant currency in 
London and, in the case of Registered Notes, London or Luxembourg and: 
(i) 
in relation to Notes denominated in euro, which is a TARGET2 Settlement Day; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Swedish Notes, Stockholm; and 
(iii) 
in relation to Notes denominated in any other currency, the Relevant Financial Centre; and 
(iv) 
in relation to payments due upon presentation and/or surrender of any Notes or Coupons, 
in the relevant place of presentation and/or surrender; 
"Business Day Convention" means, in relation to any particular date, the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings 
in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; and 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(D) 
"No Adjustment" or "unadjusted" means that the relevant date shall not be 
adjusted in accordance with any Business Day Convention;

--- Page 94 ---
- 79 - 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other agent specified as being responsible 
for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) and/or principal or interest due in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Capital Event" means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the Competent 
Authority, that the Outstanding Principal Amount of the relevant series of Subordinated Notes 
ceases or would be likely to cease to be included in whole or in part, or count in whole or in part, 
towards the Tier 2 Capital of either the Issuer or the Nordea Group (other than by reason of a full 
or partial exclusion of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the relevant series of Subordinated 
Notes arising by reason of any applicable limit on the amount of such capital under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations from time to time); 
"Capital Requirements Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU on access to the activity of credit 
institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 
of 20 May 2019 as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding 
companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures, 
and as may be further amended or replaced from time to time; 
"Competent Authority" means any authority having primary responsibility for the prudential 
supervision of the Issuer and/or the Nordea Group at the relevant time; 
"Conditions to Redemption" means, in relation to any Notes, the conditions to redemption or 
repurchase set out in Condition 6 or as otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms and which 
are applicable to such Notes; 
"CRD" means the legislative package consisting of the Capital Requirements Directive, the CRR 
and any CRD IV Implementing Measures; 
"CRD Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules or regulations, or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer or the Nordea Group and which prescribe (alone 
or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer or the Nordea Group (on a 
solo or consolidated basis, as the case may be) to the extent required by the Capital Requirements 
Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt any regulatory technical standards 
released by the European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof); 
"Creditor Hierarchy Directive" means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending Directive 2014/59/EU  as amended by 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of 20 May 2019 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding 
ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, 
exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and as may be further amended or replaced from 
time to time; 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions 
and investment firms of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as the same 
may be amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of 20 May 2019 as regards the leverage ratio, the 
net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, 
market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, 
large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and as may be further amended or replaced 
from time to time; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the

--- Page 95 ---
- 80 - 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 96 ---
- 81 - 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(viii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (x) 
that day is the last day of February or (y) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (x) that day is the last day of February but not 
the date fixed for redemption or (y) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding 
the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"Determination Agent" means the agent specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date or date of any final redemption;

--- Page 97 ---
- 82 - 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to Condition 
5(d) and 5(e)(iii), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the First Margin; 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) of Hong Kong; 
"Illiquidity" means the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid, other 
than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-transferability, as determined by the Issuer 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi 
Dealers, as a result of which the Issuer cannot, having used its reasonable endeavours, obtain 
sufficient Renminbi in order fully to satisfy its obligation to pay interest or principal (in whole or 
in part) in respect of the Renminbi Notes; 
"Inconvertibility" means that the Issuer determines (in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) that it is impossible or, having used its reasonable endeavours, impracticable, 
for it to convert any amount due in respect of the Renminbi Notes in the general Renminbi 
exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility or impracticability is due 
solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Relevant Series and it is impossible or, having used its reasonable endeavours, 
impracticable for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or 
regulation); 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international 
capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes (as specified in the Final 
Terms) or such other date as may be specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Instalment Amount" means, in relation to an Instalment Note, the amount of each instalment as 
may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the Final Terms.  To the 
extent that an Instalment Amount requires determination, such amount may be determined by a 
Calculation Agent; 
"Interest Payment Date" has the meaning specified in Condition 5(b)(ii); 
"Issue Date" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Junior Securities" means any (i) Subordinated Notes (or securities or other obligations of the 
Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, on a voluntary or involuntary liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer, pari passu with the Subordinated Notes) or other subordinated debt instruments or 
securities of the Issuer which are recognised as "Tier 2 Capital" of the Issuer from time to time by 
the Competent Authority, (ii) Additional Tier 1 Notes (or securities or other obligations of the 
Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, on a voluntary or involuntary liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer, pari passu with the Additional Tier 1 Notes) or other subordinated and undated debt 
instruments or securities of the Issuer which are recognised as "Additional Tier 1 Capital" of the 
Issuer from time to time by the Competent Authority, (iii) share capital of the Issuer and (iv) any 
other subordinated security or obligation which ranks, or is expressed to rank, junior to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Maturity" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 98 ---
- 83 - 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest 
payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count 
basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency of a fixed-for-floating interest 
rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the 
Specified Currency); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means the rate as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
5(d)(iii), either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 
per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate 
quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the Relevant Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means the whole or any part of the outstanding aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant series of Notes at any time, ceases or (in the opinion of the Issuer) 
will cease to count towards the Issuer's and/or the Nordea Group's eligible liabilities and/or loss 
absorbing capacity (in each case for the purposes of, and in accordance with, the relevant 
Applicable Banking Regulations); provided that an MREL Disqualification Event (a) shall not 
occur if such whole or part of the outstanding principal amount of the relevant series of Notes 
ceases or (in the opinion of the Issuer) will cease to count towards such eligible liabilities and/or 
loss absorbing capacity due to the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than the minimum 
period prescribed by the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations and (b) shall only occur in 
respect of a Subordinated Note if the whole or any part of the outstanding principal amount of the 
relevant series of Subordinated Notes has ceased to qualify as Tier 2 Capital.  
"MREL Disqualification Event Effective Date" means (i) in the case of Restricted Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
and (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or such 
earlier date as may be permitted under the Applicable Banking Regulations.

--- Page 99 ---
- 84 - 
"Non-transferability" means that the Issuer determines (in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) that it is impossible or, having used its reasonable endeavours, impracticable, 
for it to deliver Renminbi (i) between accounts inside Hong Kong or (ii) from an account inside 
Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility or 
impracticability is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Relevant Series and it is impossible or, having used its 
reasonable endeavours, impracticable for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply 
with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Nordea Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
"Optional Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms and shall, 
in the case of Notes which bear interest at a floating rate at the time of redemption, be a date upon 
which interest is payable; 
"Original Reset Reference Rate Basis" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms and 
shall be annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly; 
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means, (i) in respect of an Instalment Note, its principal amount 
on the Issue Date less any principal amount on which interest shall have ceased to accrue in 
accordance with Condition 5(e)(v); and (ii) in respect of a Note other than that specified in (i) 
above, the principal amount of the Note on the Issue Date as reduced by any partial redemptions 
or repurchases from time to time; 
"Parity Securities" means securities issued by the Issuer and set out in Schedule 13 (Parity 
Securities of the Issuer) to the Fiscal Agency Agreement; 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China; 
"Rate Calculation Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong 
Kong and New York City; 
"Rate Calculation Date" means the day which is two Rate Calculation Business Days before the 
due date of the relevant amount under these Terms and Conditions; 
"Rate of Interest" means (i) in the case of Notes other than Reset Notes, the rate or rates (expressed 
as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions; 
and (ii) in the case of Reset Notes, the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
"Rating Agency" means any rating agency specified as rating the Notes in the relevant Final Terms 
or any other rating agency of equivalent standing which has assigned a rating to the Notes at the 
request or invitation of the Issuer; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major 
banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-
Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date (i) the arithmetic 
average (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of the Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer than five such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) of all such quotations; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reset Period, the rate per annum equal to the 
yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reset 
Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its

--- Page 100 ---
- 85 - 
principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if only one Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotation is received or if no Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received 
in respect of the determination of the Reference Bond Price, the Rate of Interest shall not be 
determined by reference to the Reference Bond Rate and the Rate of Interest shall instead be, in 
the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest, the Initial Rate of Interest and, in the case of any 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date (though 
substituting, where a different Relevant Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period, the Relevant Margin relating to the relevant 
Reset Period, in place of the Relevant Margin relating to that last preceding Reset Period); 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer 
(following, where practicable, consultation with the Calculation Agent) or their affiliates, which 
are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) market makers 
in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to any Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reset Reference Bond (expressed in 
each case as a percentage of its principal amount) as at the Reset Determination Time and quoted 
in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
in relation to Notes denominated in Australian Dollars, Sydney; 
(ii) 
in relation to Notes denominated in Canadian Dollars, Toronto; 
(iii) 
in relation to Notes denominated in Chinese Renminbi, Hong Kong or Beijing as specified 
in the Final Terms; 
(iv) 
in relation to Notes denominated in Danish Krone, Copenhagen; 
(v) 
in relation to Notes denominated in Hong Kong Dollars, Hong Kong; 
(vi) 
in relation to Notes denominated in Japanese Yen, Tokyo; 
(vii) 
in relation to Notes denominated in Polish Zloty, Warsaw; 
(viii) 
in relation to Notes denominated in Pounds Sterling, London;

--- Page 101 ---
- 86 - 
(ix) 
in relation to Notes denominated in Mexican Pesos, Mexico City; 
(x) 
in relation to Notes denominated in New Zealand Dollars, Wellington and Auckland; 
(xi) 
in relation to Notes denominated in Norwegian Kroner, Oslo; 
(xii) 
in relation to Notes denominated in Russian Roubles, Moscow; 
(xiii) 
in relation to Notes denominated in South African Rand, Johannesburg; 
(xiv) 
in relation to Notes denominated in Swedish Krona, Stockholm; 
(xv) 
in relation to Notes denominated in Swiss francs, Zurich; 
(xvi) 
in relation to Notes denominated in United States dollars, New York City; and 
(xvii) 
in relation to Notes denominated in any other currency, such financial centre or centres as 
may be specified in relation to the relevant currency and for the purposes of the definition 
of "Business Day" in the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated from time to 
time), as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated at the relevant 
time; 
"Relevant Margin" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in relation to which Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the margin(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes in relation to which Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the First Margin and/or the Subsequent Margin(s), as the 
case may be, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): (i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or (ii) any working group or 
committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central 
bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Renminbi", "RMB" or "CNY" means the official currency of the PRC (excluding the Hong Kong 
and Macau Special Administrative Regions and Taiwan); 
"Renminbi Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active 
in the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date 
(as applicable), in each case as adjusted (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) in accordance 
with Condition 5 as if the relevant Reset Date was an Interest Payment Date; 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day 
prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the 
second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period, or in each case 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 102 ---
- 87 - 
"Reset Determination Time" means in relation to a Reset Determination Date, 11.00 a.m. in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date or such 
other time as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reset Note" means a Note on which interest is calculated at reset rates payable in arrear on a fixed 
date or dates in each year and/or at intervals of one, two, three, six or 12 months or at such other 
date or intervals as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealer(s) (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms); 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
"Reset Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued 
by the government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is euro, shall deemed to be Germany) agreed between the Issuer and the 
Determination Agent as having the nearest actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the 
relevant Reset Period and that (in the opinion of the Issuer, after consultation with the 
Determination Agent) would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt securities denominated in the 
Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
"Reset Reference Rate" means either (i) the Mid-Swap Rate, or (ii) the Reference Bond Rate, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Resolution Authority" means any resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Bail-in 
and Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer and/or the Nordea Group or with primary 
responsibility for the oversight and supervision of the Issuer's and/or the Nordea Group's eligible 
liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity from time to time; 
"Restricted Senior Preferred Note" means Senior Preferred Notes specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as having Restricted Events of Default; 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Senior Creditors" means creditors of the Issuer (i) who are depositors and/or other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer; (ii) who are holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes; or (iii) 
who are subordinated creditors of the Issuer (whether in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer or otherwise) other than those whose claims by law rank, or by their terms are expressed 
to rank, pari passu with or junior to the claims of the Holders of the Subordinated Notes; 
"Senior Non-Preferred Notes" has the meaning given in Condition 4(b) (Status – Senior Non-
Preferred Notes); 
"Senior Preferred Notes" has the meaning given in Condition 4(a); 
"Spot Rate" means, for a Rate Calculation Date, the spot USD/RMB exchange rate for the 
purchase of U.S. dollars with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in 
Hong Kong, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on 
a deliverable basis by reference to the mean rate appearing on Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, 
or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page 
TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent will determine the spot rate at or 
around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Calculation Date as the most recently available 
USD/RMB official fixing rate for settlement on the due date for payment reported by The State 
Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page 
CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on 
the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may 
replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate; 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism 
and a Single Resolution Fund, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time; 
"Subordinated Notes" has the meaning given in Condition 4(c);

--- Page 103 ---
- 88 - 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date; 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 5(d) and Condition 5(e)(iii), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate 
and the relevant Subsequent Margin; 
"Successor Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if 
available) that the Independent Adviser (with the Issuer's agreement) determines is a successor to 
or replacement of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as 
applicable) which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system or any successor thereto; 
"TARGET2 Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
"Tax Event" means the receipt by the Issuer of an opinion of counsel in the relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction (experienced in such matters) to the effect that, as a result of: 
(i) 
any amendment to, or change in, the laws or treaties (or any regulations thereunder) of the 
Taxing Jurisdiction affecting taxation; 
(ii) 
any governmental action in the Taxing Jurisdiction; or 
(iii) 
any amendment to, or change in, the official position or the interpretation of such law, 
treaty (or regulations thereunder) or governmental action or any interpretation, decision or 
pronouncement that provides for a position with respect to such law, treaty (or regulations 
thereunder) or governmental action that differs from the theretofore generally accepted 
position, in each case, by any legislative body, court, governmental authority or regulatory 
body in the Taxing Jurisdiction, irrespective of the manner in which such amendment, 
change, action, pronouncement, interpretation or decision is made known, 
which amendment or change is effective or such governmental action, pronouncement, 
interpretation or decision is announced, on or after the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes or Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, as the case may 
be: 
(A) 
the Issuer is, or will be, subject to additional taxes, duties or other governmental 
charges with respect to such Notes or is not, or will not be, entitled to claim a 
deduction in respect of payments in respect of such Notes in computing its 
taxation liabilities (or the value of such deduction would be materially reduced); 
or 
(B) 
the treatment of any of the Issuer's items of income or expense with respect to 
such Notes as reflected on the tax returns (including estimated returns) filed (or 
to be filed) by the Issuer will not be respected by a taxing authority, which 
subjects the Issuer to additional taxes, duties or other governmental charges; 
"Taxing Jurisdiction" means the Relevant Jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof or any 
authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof, having power to tax in which the 
Issuer is treated as having a permanent establishment, under the income tax laws of such 
jurisdiction; 
"Tier 1 Capital" means tier 1 capital for the purposes of the Applicable Banking Regulations;

--- Page 104 ---
- 89 - 
"Tier 2 Capital" means tier 2 capital for the purposes of the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes" means Senior Preferred Notes specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as having Unrestricted Events of Default; 
"U.S. Dollar Equivalent" of a Renminbi amount means the relevant Renminbi amount converted 
into U.S. dollars using the Spot Rate for the relevant Rate Calculation Date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Calculation Date; and 
"Withholding Tax Event" has the meaning given in Condition 6(b). 
(b) 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), references 
to Coupons and Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include any other redemption amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal (if any) which may be payable under Condition 
8 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 1(a) (Interpretation - Definitions) to have the 
meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such 
meaning or specifies that such expression is "Not Applicable" then such expression is not 
applicable to the Notes; 
(vii) 
any reference to the Fiscal Agency Agreement or Deed of Covenant shall be construed as 
a reference to the Fiscal Agency Agreement or Deed of Covenant, as the case may be, as 
amended and/or supplemented up to (and including) the Issue Date of the Notes; and 
(viii) 
references to any act or statute or any provision of any act or statute shall be deemed also 
to refer to any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof or any statutory instrument, 
order or regulation made thereunder or under such modification or re-enactment. 
2. 
Form and Denomination 
(a) 
Form 
Notes, other than VP Notes, VPS Notes and Swedish Notes, are issued in bearer form or registered 
form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and are serially numbered. 
The VP Notes are issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in accordance with 
the Danish Capital Markets Act (Kapitalmarkedsloven), as amended or replaced from time to time, 
the Danish Executive Order No. 1175 of 31 October 2017, as amended from time to time 
(Bekendtgørelse om registrering af fondsaktiver i en værdipapircentral (CSD)) (the "Danish 
Executive Order"), and part 3 of the VP Rule Book dated 1 April 2019, as amended from time to 
time (the "VP Rule Book"). 
The VPS Notes are issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in accordance with 
the Norwegian Securities Register Act 2002 (lov om registrering av finansielle instrumenter 2002 
5. juli nr. 64).

--- Page 105 ---
- 90 - 
The Swedish Notes are issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in accordance 
with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om kontoföring av 
finansiella instrument) as amended. 
(b) 
Form of Bearer Notes 
Notes issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), other than Swiss Franc Notes, will be represented 
upon issue by a temporary global note (a "Temporary Global Note") in substantially the form 
(subject to amendment and completion) scheduled to the Fiscal Agency Agreement.  On or after 
the date which is forty days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes (the "Exchange 
Date") of the relevant Series and provided certification as to the beneficial ownership thereof as 
required by U.S. Treasury regulations (substantially in the form set out in the Temporary Global 
Note) has been received, interests in the Temporary Global Note may be exchanged for: 
(i) 
interests in a permanent global note (a "Permanent Global Note") representing the Notes 
of that Series and in substantially the form (subject to amendment and completion) 
scheduled to the Fiscal Agency Agreement; or 
(ii) 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, definitive notes ("Definitive Notes") serially 
numbered and in substantially the form (subject to amendment and completion) scheduled 
to the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
If any date on which a payment of interest is due on the Notes of a Series occurs whilst any of the 
Notes of that Series are represented by the Temporary Global Note, the related interest payment 
will be made on the Temporary Global Note only to the extent that certification as to the beneficial 
ownership thereof as required by U.S. Treasury regulations (in the form set out in the Temporary 
Global Note) has been received by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or by any other clearing 
system to which Notes or any interest therein may from time to time be credited.  Payments of 
principal or interest (if any) on a Permanent Global Note will be made through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg without any requirement for certification. 
Interests in the Permanent Global Note will, unless the contrary is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, be exchangeable at the cost and expense of the Issuer in whole (but not in part), at the 
option of the Holder of such Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes if (a) Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system(s) is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of public holidays) or announces an intention 
to cease business permanently or does in fact do so or (b) an Event of Default under Condition 7 
occurs in respect of any Note of the relevant Series.  Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to 
be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery of such Definitive 
Notes duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent 
Global Note to the Holder of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the Holder requesting such 
exchange.  If default is made by the Issuer in the required delivery of Definitive Notes and such 
default is continuing at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the bearer has requested 
exchange, such Permanent Global Note will become void in accordance with its terms but without 
prejudice to the rights of the Account Holders (as defined in the Deed of Covenant) with Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg in relation thereto under the Deed of Covenant. 
Interest bearing Definitive Notes will, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, have attached 
thereto at the time of their initial delivery coupons ("Coupons"), presentation of which will be 
prerequisite to the payment of interest in certain circumstances specified below provided that 
interest bearing Definitive Notes, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, have attached thereto 
at the time of initial delivery Coupons and one Talon for further Coupons (a "Talon", together with 
the Coupons in such case and where the context so permits, the "Coupons") entitling the holder 
thereof to further Coupons and a further Talon. 
Bearer Notes, the principal amount of which is repayable by instalments ("Instalment Notes") 
have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery, payment receipts ("Receipts") in respect 
of the instalments of principal.

--- Page 106 ---
- 91 - 
(c) 
Form of Registered Notes 
Notes issued in registered form ("Registered Notes") will be in substantially the form (subject to 
amendment and completion) scheduled to the Fiscal Agency Agreement. Each Tranche of 
Registered Notes will be in the form of either individual Note certificates ("Individual Note 
Certificates") or a global registered Note (a "Global Registered Note"), in each case as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. Global Registered Notes may be exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates in accordance with its terms. Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer 
Notes. 
(d) 
Form of Swiss Franc Notes 
Swiss Franc Notes will be denominated in Swiss francs, issued in bearer form and will be 
represented exclusively by a Permanent Global Note which shall be deposited by the Swiss Paying 
Agent with SIS, or such other depositary as may be approved by the SIX Swiss Exchange (SIS or 
such other intermediary, (the "Intermediary")). Once the Permanent Global Note is deposited with 
the Intermediary and entered into the accounts of one or more participants of the Intermediary, the 
Notes will constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) ("Intermediated Securities") in 
accordance with the provisions of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act 
(Bucheffektengesetz). 
Each Holder (as defined in Condition 3 below) shall have a quotal co-ownership interest 
(Miteigentumsanteil) in the Permanent Global Note to the extent of his claim against the Issuer, 
provided that for so long as the Permanent Global Note remains deposited with the Intermediary 
the co-ownership interest shall be suspended and the Swiss Franc Notes may only be transferred 
or otherwise disposed of by the entry of the transferred Swiss Franc Notes in a securities account 
of the transferee. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Holders shall at any time have the right to effect or demand the 
conversion of the Permanent Global Note (Globalurkunde) into, or the delivery of, uncertificated 
securities (Wertrechte) or Definitive Notes (Wertpapiere). 
No physical delivery of the Swiss Franc Notes shall be made unless and until Definitive Notes 
(Wertpapiere) are printed. Definitive Notes may only be printed, in whole, but not in part, if the 
Swiss Paying Agent determines, in its sole discretion, that the printing of the Definitive Notes 
(Wertpapiere) is necessary or useful. Should the Swiss Paying Agent so determine, it shall provide 
for the printing of Definitive Notes (Wertpapiere) without cost to the Holders. Upon delivery of 
the Definitive Notes (Wertpapiere), the Permanent Global Note will be cancelled and the Definitive 
Notes (Wertpapiere) shall be delivered to the Holders against cancellation of the relevant Swiss 
Franc Notes in the Holders' securities accounts. 
(e) 
Form of VP Notes 
A Tranche or a Series of VP Notes (as the case may be), if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
may be cleared through the VP in accordance with Danish laws, regulations and operating 
procedures applicable to and/or issued by the VP for the time being (the "VP Rules").  The VP 
Notes shall be regarded as Registered Notes for the purposes of these Conditions.  No physical 
Notes or certificates will be issued in respect of the VP Notes and the provisions in these Conditions 
relating to presentation, surrendering or replacement of such physical VP Notes or certificates shall 
not apply to the VP Notes.  The Issuer will certify that Nordea Bank Abp is, on the Issue Date of a 
Tranche or a Series of VP Notes (as the case may be), entered in the VP as the account holding 
institute (kontoførende institut) for the duly registered owners of the Notes of such Tranche or 
Series (as the case may be). 
(f) 
Form of VPS Notes 
The VPS Notes shall be regarded as Registered Notes for the purposes of these Conditions save to 
the extent these Conditions are inconsistent with Norwegian laws, regulations and operating 
procedures applicable to and/or issued by VPS for the time being (the "VPS Rules").  No physical 
VPS Notes or certificates will be issued in respect of the VPS Notes and the provisions in these 
Conditions relating to presentation, surrendering or replacement of such physical Notes or 
certificates shall not apply to the VPS Notes.

--- Page 107 ---
- 92 - 
(g) 
Form of Swedish Notes 
The Swedish Notes shall be regarded as Registered Notes for the purposes of these Conditions save 
to the extent these Conditions are inconsistent with Swedish laws, regulations and operating 
procedures applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear Sweden for the time being (the "Euroclear 
Sweden Rules").  No physical Swedish Notes or certificates will be issued in respect of the 
Swedish Notes and the provisions in these Conditions relating to presentation, surrendering or 
replacement of such physical Swedish Notes or certificates shall not apply to the Swedish Notes. 
(h) 
Denomination of Bearer Notes 
Bearer Notes will be in the denomination or denominations (each of which denomination is 
integrally divisible by each smaller denomination) specified in the Final Terms.  Bearer Notes of 
one denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of any other denomination. 
(i) 
Denomination of Registered Notes 
Registered Notes will be in the minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms integral multiples thereof. 
(j) 
Denomination of VP Notes 
VP Notes are in the denomination or denominations (each of which denomination is integrally 
divisible by each smaller denomination) specified in the Final Terms. VP Notes of one 
denomination may not be exchanged for VP Notes of any other denomination. 
(k) 
Denomination of VPS Notes 
VPS Notes are in the denomination or denominations (each of which denomination is integrally 
divisible by each smaller denomination) specified in the Final Terms. VPS Notes of one 
denomination may not be exchanged for VPS Notes of any other denomination. 
(l) 
Denomination of Swedish Notes 
Swedish Notes are in the denomination or denominations (each of which denomination is integrally 
divisible by each smaller denomination) specified in the Final Terms.  Swedish Notes of one 
denomination may not be exchanged for Swedish Notes of any other denomination. 
(m) 
Currency of Notes 
Notes may be denominated in any currency subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, references to Notes shall, as the context may require, be 
deemed to be Temporary Global Notes, Permanent Global Notes, Definitive Notes or, as the case 
may be, Registered Notes. 
3. 
Title 
(a) 
Title to Bearer Notes, Registered Notes, Swiss Franc Notes, VP Notes, VPS Notes and Swedish 
Notes 
Title to the Bearer Notes (excluding Swiss Franc Notes), Receipts and Coupons passes by delivery.  
References herein to the "Noteholders" or "Holders" of Bearer Notes or of Receipts or Coupons 
signify the bearers of such Bearer Notes or such Receipts or Coupons. 
Title to the Registered Notes passes by registration in the register which is kept by the Registrar.  
References herein to the "Noteholders" or "Holders" of Registered Notes signify the persons in 
whose names such Notes are so registered. 
Title to the VP Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of the VP and will pass by 
registration in the registers maintained by the VP in accordance with the VP Rules.  The Issuer 
shall be entitled to obtain information from VP in accordance with the VP Rules.  Except as ordered 
by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Holder (as defined below) of any

--- Page 108 ---
- 93 - 
VP Note shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether 
or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person 
shall be liable for so treating the Holder.  In these Conditions in relation to VP Notes only, "Note 
Holder" or "Holder" means, as the context requires, the person who is for the time being shown 
in the book entry system and register maintained by VP as the holder of a VP Note and shall also 
include any person duly authorised to act as a nominee and registered as a holder of the VP Notes. 
If the Notes of such Tranche cease to be registered in the VP, Nordea Bank Abp as account holding 
institute for the duly registered owners shall supply the VP Issuing Agent with all necessary 
information with regard to such duly registered owners and the VP Issuing Agent shall enter such 
information into the register maintained by the VP. 
Title to the VPS Notes shall pass by registration in the register (the "VPS Register") in accordance 
with the Norwegian VPS Rules.  The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from VPS in 
accordance with the VPS Rules.  Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as 
required by law, the Holder (as defined below) of any VPS Note shall be deemed to be and may 
be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person shall be liable for so treating the Holder.  
In these Conditions in relation to VPS Notes only, "Note Holder" or "Holder" means, as the 
context requires, the person in whose name a VPS Note is registered in the VPS Register and shall 
also include any person duly authorised to act as a nominee (forvalter) and registered as a holder 
of the VPS Notes. 
Title to the Swedish Notes shall pass by registration in the book entry system and register 
maintained by Euroclear Sweden (the "Euroclear Sweden Register").  Except as ordered by a 
court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Holder (as defined below) of any Swedish 
Note shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or 
not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person 
shall be liable for so treating the Holder.  In these Conditions in relation to Swedish Notes only, 
"Note Holder" or "Holder" means, as the context requires, the person in whose name a Swedish 
Note is registered in the Euroclear Sweden Register and shall also include any person duly 
authorised to act as a nominee (förvaltare) and registered as a holder of the Swedish Notes. 
The Holder of any Note or Coupon will (except as otherwise required by applicable law or 
regulatory requirement) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest thereof or therein, any 
writing thereon, or any theft or loss thereof) and no person shall be liable for so treating such 
Holder. 
Where a nominee (förvaltare) in accordance with the SFIA Act is so evidenced it shall be treated 
by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant Swedish Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes, VP Notes, VPS Notes and Swedish Notes 
A Registered Note may, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement, be transferred in whole or in part only (provided that such part is, or is an integral 
multiple of, the minimum denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms) upon the surrender 
of the Registered Note to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on it duly 
completed and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar.  A new Registered Note will be 
issued to the transferee and, in the case of a transfer of part only of a Registered Note, a new 
Registered Note in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor. 
Each new Registered Note to be issued upon the transfer of Registered Notes will, upon the 
effective receipt of such form of transfer by the Registrar at its specified office, be available for 
delivery at the specified office of the Registrar.  For these purposes, a form of transfer received by 
the Registrar during the period of fifteen London Banking Days, ending on the due date for any 
payment on the relevant Registered Notes shall be deemed not to be effectively received by the 
Registrar until the day following the due date for such payment. 
The issue of new Registered Notes on transfer will be effected without charge by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Registrar, but upon payment by the applicant of (or the giving by the applicant of 
such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of) any tax or other governmental charges 
which may be imposed in relation thereto.

--- Page 109 ---
- 94 - 
One or more VP Notes may be transferred in accordance with VP Rules.  Each new VP Note to be 
issued shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the request and the 
surrender of the VP Notes for exchange.  Delivery of the new VP Note(s) shall be made to the 
same VP account on which the original VP Notes were registered.  In this Condition 3(b) (Transfer 
of Registered Notes, VP Notes, VPS Notes and Swedish Notes) in relation to VP Notes only, 
"business day" has the meaning ascribed to such term by the then applicable rules and procedures 
of the VP. 
Exchange and transfer of VP Notes on registration, transfer, partial redemption or exercise of a call 
or a put option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the VP Issuing Agent, but upon 
payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the 
giving of such indemnity as the VP Issuing Agent may require). 
No Holder may require the transfer of a VP Note to be registered during any closed period pursuant 
to the then applicable VP Rules. 
All transfers of VP Notes are subject to any cut-off dates applicable to such VP Notes and are 
subject to any other rules and procedures for the time being of the VP.  The VP's rules and 
regulations may be downloaded from its website:  http://www.vp.dk. 
One or more VPS Notes may be transferred in accordance with the VPS Rules.  In the case of an 
exercise of option resulting in VPS Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate VPS 
Notes registered with the VPS Register shall be issued in respect of those VPS Notes of that holding 
having the same terms.  Such VPS Notes shall only be issued against surrender of the existing VPS 
Notes in accordance with the VPS Rules. 
Each new VPS Note to be issued pursuant to the above, shall be available for delivery within three 
business days of receipt of the request and the surrender of the VPS Notes for exchange.  Delivery 
of the new VPS Note (s) shall be made to the same VPS account on which the original VPS Notes 
were registered.  In this Condition 3(b) in relation to VPS Notes only, "business day" means a day, 
other than a Saturday or Sunday on which VPS is open for business. 
Exchange and transfer of VPS Notes on registration, transfer, partial redemption or exercise of an 
option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer or the VPS Paying Agent, but 
upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or 
the giving of such indemnity as the VPS Paying Agent may require). 
No Holder may require the transfer of a VPS Note to be registered during any closed period 
pursuant to the then applicable VPS Rules. 
One or more Swedish Notes may be transferred in accordance with the Euroclear Sweden Rules.  
Exchange and transfer of Swedish Notes on registration, transfer, partial redemption or exercise of 
a call or a put option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Swedish 
Issuing Agent, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed 
in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Swedish Issuing Agent may require). 
No Holder may require the transfer of a Swedish Note to be registered during any closed period 
pursuant to the then applicable Euroclear Sweden Rules. 
All transfers of Swedish Notes are subject to any cut-off dates applicable to such Swedish Notes 
and are subject to any other rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear Sweden.  The 
Euroclear Sweden Rules may be downloaded from its website:  www.euroclear.com/sweden. 
(c) 
Swiss Franc Notes 
The records of the Intermediary will determine the number of Notes held through each participant 
in that Intermediary. In respect of the Notes held in the form of Intermediated Securities, the 
holders of the Notes (the "Holders") will be the persons holding the Notes in a securities account 
(Effektenkonto) which is in their own name, or in the case of intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen), 
the intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen) holding the Notes for their own account in a securities 
account (Effektenkonto) which is in their name.

--- Page 110 ---
- 95 - 
4. 
Status 
The Notes are not, and will not be, secured and are the obligations of the Issuer and not guaranteed 
by any other entity. 
(a) 
Status – Senior Preferred Notes 
This Condition 4(a) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Senior Preferred Notes (the "Senior Preferred Notes"). 
The Senior Preferred Notes of each Series and any related Coupon constitute direct, unsecured, 
unguaranteed and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and at least pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, save for such obligations as may be 
preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
(b) 
Status – Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 4(b) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes (the "Senior Non-Preferred Notes"). 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes of each Series and any related Coupon constitute and will 
constitute direct, unguaranteed and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves. 
In the event of liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the rights and claims (if any) of holders of 
any Senior Non-Preferred Notes to payments of the Outstanding Principal Amount and any other 
amounts in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including any accrued and unpaid interest 
amount or damages awarded for breach of any obligations under these Conditions, if any are 
payable) shall: 
(i) 
be subordinated to the claims of all depositors and other unsecured, unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer, provided that in each case such claims are not by mandatory 
provisions of law ranked, or by their terms expressed to rank, pari passu with the claims 
of holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
(ii) 
rank at least pari passu with claims in respect of Parity Securities and with the claims of 
all other creditors of the Issuer which in each case by law rank, or by their terms, are 
expressed to rank pari passu with the claims of holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
and 
(iii) 
rank senior to any Junior Securities of the Issuer. 
For the purposes of Finnish law, in the event of bankruptcy of the Issuer, the rights and claims (if 
any) of holders of any Senior Non-Preferred Notes to payments of the Outstanding Principal 
Amount and any other amounts in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including any 
accrued and unpaid interest amount or damages awarded for breach of any obligations under these 
Conditions, if any are payable) shall constitute claims as referred to in item 4 of Chapter 1, Section 
4a, Subsection 1 of the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions (Fi: luottolaitoslaki, 610/2014 as 
amended) ranking below claims as referred to in Section 2 of the Finnish Priority Act (Fi: laki 
velkojien maksunsaantijärjestyksestä, 1578/1992 as amended) and ranking above claims referred 
to in Section 6, Subsection 1 of the Finnish Priority Act (Fi: laki velkojien 
maksunsaantijärjestyksestä, 1578/1992 as amended). 
(c) 
Status – Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 4(c) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Subordinated Notes (the "Subordinated Notes"). 
The Subordinated Notes constitute and will constitute direct, unguaranteed, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves.  For regulatory capital purposes, the Issuer intends, on the relevant Issue Date, 
that the Subordinated Notes shall constitute Tier 2 Capital.

--- Page 111 ---
- 96 - 
In the event of liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the rights and claims (if any) of Holders of 
any Subordinated Notes to payments of the Outstanding Principal Amount and any other amounts 
in respect of the Subordinated Notes (including any accrued and unpaid interest amount or damages 
awarded for breach of any obligations under these Conditions, if any are payable) shall: 
(i) 
be subordinated to the claims of all Senior Creditors of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
rank at least pari passu with the claims of all subordinated creditors of the Issuer which in 
each case by law rank, or by their terms, are expressed to rank pari passu with the 
Subordinated Notes; and 
(iii) 
rank senior to any share capital and any obligations of the Issuer ranking, or expressed to 
rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes of the Issuer, 
subject, in all cases, to mandatory provisions of Finnish law, including but not limited to the 
Finnish implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD in item 6 of Chapter 1, Section 4a, 
Subsection 1 of the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions (Fi: luottolaitoslaki (610/2014) as amended) 
to the effect that claims resulting from items qualifying (whether in whole or in part) as own funds 
of the Issuer have a lower priority ranking than any claim that results from an item which does not 
qualify (whether in whole or in part) as own funds of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Set-off 
This Condition 4(d) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Restricted Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
No Holder of the Notes shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim against 
moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of such Notes. 
5. 
Interest 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  In 
the case of non-interest bearing Notes, a reference price and yield will, unless otherwise agreed, 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The Final Terms in relation to each Series of interest-
bearing Notes shall specify which of Conditions 5(a), 5(b) and/or 5(c) shall be applicable provided 
that Condition 5(e) will be applicable to each Series of interest-bearing Notes as specified therein, 
save, in each case, to the extent inconsistent with the relevant Final Terms. 
(a) 
Interest - Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
This Condition 5(a) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. Each Note in relation to which this Condition 5(a) 
is applicable shall bear interest on its Outstanding Principal Amount (or if it is a Partly Paid Note, 
the amount paid up) from and including its Issue Date to, but excluding, the date of final maturity 
thereof (each date as specified in the relevant Final Terms) at the rate or rates per annum specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, provided that in the case of Swedish Notes, such Swedish Note shall 
bear interest on its Outstanding Principal Amount (or if it is a Swedish Partly Paid Note, the amount 
paid up) from, but excluding, its Issue Date to and including the date of final maturity thereof (each 
date as specified in the relevant Final Terms) at the rate or rates specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.  Interest will be payable in arrear on such dates as are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and on the date of final maturity thereof.  The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying 
the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product (i) in respect of a Note 
denominated in U.S. dollars, on the basis of a 360 day year consisting of 12 months of thirty days 
each and, in the case of an incomplete month, the actual number of days elapsed and (ii) in the case 
of a Note denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars, on the basis of the number of days in 
the relevant period from and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date divided by (x) in the 
case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular annual payments, the 
number of days in the period from and including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the next scheduled Interest Payment Date or 
(y) in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid other than only by means of regular 
annual payments, the product of the number of days in the period from and including the most

--- Page 112 ---
- 97 - 
recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the 
next scheduled Interest Payment Date and the number of Interest Payment Dates that would occur 
in one calendar year assuming interest was to be payable in respect of the whole of that year; 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being 
rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figures by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For the purposes of this Condition 
5, a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, 
means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest – Floating Rate Note Provisions (other than Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
or SOFR) 
(i) 
This Condition 5(b) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the Reference Rate is not 
SONIA or SOFR. Notes in relation to which this Condition 5(b) is applicable shall bear 
interest on its Outstanding Principal Amount (or if it is a Partly Paid Note, the amount 
paid up) at the rates per annum determined in accordance with this Condition 5(b). 
(ii) 
Such Notes shall bear interest from and including their Issue Date, to, but excluding, the 
date of final maturity thereof (each date as specified in the relevant Final Terms), provided 
that in the case of Swedish Notes, such Swedish Notes shall bear interest from, but 
excluding, their Issue Date to and including the date of final maturity thereof (each date 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms).  Interest will be payable on each date (an 
"Interest Payment Date") which falls such period of months as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms after such Issue Date or, as the case may be, after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date.  If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a date which 
is not a Business Day (as defined in Condition 1), it shall be postponed to the next Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event it shall be 
brought forward to the preceding Business Day unless it is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms that if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on the date which is not a 
Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next Business Day.  If such Issue Date or any 
succeeding Interest Payment Date falls on the last Business Day of the month, each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day of the relevant month.  
Each period beginning on (and including) such Issue Date and ending on (but excluding) 
the first Interest Payment Date and each period beginning on (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date is herein 
called an "Interest Period", provided that in the case of Swedish Notes, each period 
beginning on (but excluding such Issue Date and ending on (and including) the first 
Interest Payment Date and each period on (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date and 
ending on (and including) the next Interest Payment Date shall be the relevant Interest 
Period. 
(iii) 
The Final Terms in relation to each Series of Notes in relation to which Floating Rate Note 
Provisions or Reset Note Provisions are specified as being applicable shall specify which 
page (the "Relevant Screen Page") on the Reuters Screen or any other information 
vending service shall be applicable.  For these purposes, "Reuters Screen" means the 
Reuters Money 3000 Service (or such other service as may be nominated as the 
information vendor for the purpose of displaying comparable rates in succession thereto). 
(iv) 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest (as defined herein) 
applicable to such Notes for each Interest Period shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the following basis: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, then: 
(1) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the London interbank offered rate 
("LIBOR") the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for deposits (or, 
as the case may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits) in 
the relevant currency for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest

--- Page 113 ---
- 98 - 
Period on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date; 
(2) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered 
rate ("EURIBOR") the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for 
deposits (or, as the case may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for 
deposits) in euro for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest 
Period on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date; 
(3) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Australian bank bill swap rate 
("BBSW") the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for deposits (or, 
as the case may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits) in 
Australian Dollars for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest 
Period on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date; 
(4) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the New Zealand bank bill rate 
("BKBM") the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for deposits (or, 
as the case may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits) in 
New Zealand Dollars for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest 
Period on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date; 
(5) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Canadian dealer offer rate 
("CDOR") the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for deposits (or, 
as the case may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits) in 
Canadian Dollars for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest 
Period on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date; 
(6) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Copenhagen interbank offered 
rate ("CIBOR") the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for 
deposits (or, as the case may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for 
deposits) in Danish Krone for a period of the duration of the relevant 
Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date; 
(7) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Hong Kong interbank offered 
rate ("HIBOR") the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for 
deposits (or, as the case may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for 
deposits) in the relevant currency for a period of the duration of the 
relevant Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date; 
(8) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Johannesburg interbank agreed 
rate ("JIBAR") the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for deposits 
(or, as the case may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits) 
in the relevant currency for a period of the duration of the relevant 
Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date; 
(9) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Moscow prime offered rate 
("MOSPRIME") the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for 
deposits (or, as the case may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for 
deposits) in Russian Roubles for a period of the duration of the relevant 
Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date; 
(10) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Oslo interbank offered rate 
("NIBOR") the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for deposits 
(or, as the case may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits) 
in Norwegian Kroner for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest

--- Page 114 ---
- 99 - 
Period on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date; 
(11) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Shanghai interbank offered rate 
("SHIBOR") the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for deposits 
(or, as the case may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits) 
in Chinese Renminbi for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest 
Period on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date; 
(12) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Stockholm interbank offered 
rate ("STIBOR") the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for 
deposits (or, as the case may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for 
deposits) in Swedish Krona for a period of the duration of the relevant 
Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date; 
(13) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Tokyo interbank offered rate 
("TIBOR") the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for deposits (or, 
as the case may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits) in 
Japanese Yen for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date; 
(14) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Mexican interbank equilibrium 
interest rate ("TIIE") the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for 
deposits (or, as the case may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for 
deposits) in Mexican Peso for a period of the duration of the relevant 
Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date; 
(15) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Turkish Lira interbank offer 
rate ("TRLIBOR") the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for 
deposits (or, as the case may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for 
deposits) in Turkish Lira for a period of the duration of the relevant 
Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date; 
(16) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Warsaw interbank offered rate 
("WIBOR") the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for deposits 
(or, as the case may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits) 
in Polish Zloty for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date; 
(17) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the interbank offered rate in a 
Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the rate for deposits (or, as the case 
may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits) in the relevant 
currency for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period on the 
Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date; 
(18) 
if no such rate for deposits so appears (or, as the case may require, if 
fewer than two such rates for deposits so appear), the Calculation Agent 
will request appropriate quotations and will determine the arithmetic 
mean of the rates at which deposits in the relevant currency are offered 
by four major banks (selected by the Issuer) in the Relevant Financial 
Centre at approximately the Relevant Time on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period to prime banks in the interbank market of the Relevant 
Financial Centre in each such case for a period of the duration of the

--- Page 115 ---
- 100 - 
relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time; 
(19) 
if fewer than two rates are so quoted, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre, selected by the Calculation Agent (in 
consultation with the Issuer), at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the relevant currency 
to leading European banks for a period of the duration of the relevant 
Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the Relevant Time; and 
(B) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; provided, however, that if no rate is 
available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Determination Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as determined by the Issuer, 
and the Rate of Interest applicable to such Notes during each Interest Period will be the 
sum of the Relevant Margin and the rate (or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean) so 
determined provided that, if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate (or, as 
the case may be, an arithmetic mean) in accordance with the above provisions in relation 
to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to such Notes during such Interest 
Period will be the sum of the Relevant Margin and the rate (or, as the case may be, the 
arithmetic mean) last determined in relation to such Notes in respect of a preceding Interest 
Period. 
For the purpose of these Conditions: "Euro-zone" means the region comprised of Member 
States of the European Union that adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty 
on European Union as amended, and as used in this Condition 5 (Interest), "business day" 
means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in the financial centre(s) specified for each Interest Determination Date; "Interest 
Determination Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if none is 
so specified, means (i) in the case of LIBOR, the second London Banking Day before the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period, or in the case of Notes denominated in Pounds 
Sterling, the first London Banking Day of the relevant Interest Period or in the case of 
euro-LIBOR, the second TARGET2 Settlement Day before the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period, (ii) in the case of EURIBOR, the second TARGET2 Settlement Day before 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period, (iii) in the case of BBSW, the first Sydney 
business day of the relevant Interest Period, (iv) in the case of BKBM, the first Auckland 
and Wellington business day of the relevant Interest Period, (v) in the case of CDOR, the 
second Toronto business day prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period, (vi) in 
the case of CIBOR, the second Copenhagen business day prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period, (vii) in the case of HIBOR, the first Hong Kong business day of 
the relevant Interest Period, (viii) in the case of JIBAR, the first Johannesburg business 
day of the relevant Interest Period; (ix) in the case of MOSPRIME, the first Moscow 
business day before the first day of the relevant Interest Period, (x) in the case of NIBOR, 
the second Oslo business day before the first day of the relevant Interest Period, (xi) in the 
case of SHIBOR, the second Shanghai business day before the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period, (xii) in the case of STIBOR, the second Stockholm business day before

--- Page 116 ---
- 101 - 
the first day of the relevant interest period, (xiii) in the case of TIBOR, the second Tokyo 
business day before the first day of the relevant Interest Period, (xiv) in the case of TIIE, 
the first Mexico City business day before the first day of the relevant Interest Period, (xv) 
in the case of TRLIBOR, the second Istanbul business day before the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period, (xvi) in the case of WIBOR, the first Warsaw business day of the 
relevant Interest Period, or, in the case of Exempt Notes, such other Interest Determination 
Date as shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms; "Reference Rate" means (i) 
LIBOR; (ii) EURIBOR; (iii) BBSW, (iv) BKBM, (v) CDOR, (vi) CIBOR, (vii) HIBOR, 
(viii) JIBAR, (ix) MOSPRIME, (x) NIBOR, (xi) SHIBOR, (xii) STIBOR, (xiii) TIBOR, 
(xiv) TIIE, (xv) TRLIBOR, (xvi) WIBOR, in each case for the relevant Interest Period, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, or, in the case of Exempt Notes, such other 
Reference Rate as shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms; "Relevant Financial 
Centre" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 1 and "Relevant Time" means 
the time specified as such in the Final Terms or if none is so specified, means (i) in the 
case of LIBOR, 11.00 a.m. London time, (ii) in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. Brussels 
time, (iii) in the case of BBSW, 10.00 a.m. Sydney time, (iv) in the case of BKBM, 11.00 
a.m. Wellington time, (v) in the case of CDOR, 10.00 a.m. Toronto time, (vi) in the case 
of CIBOR, 11.00 a.m. Copenhagen time, (vii) in the case of HIBOR, 11.00 a.m. Hong 
Kong time, (viii) in the case of JIBAR, 12.00 p.m. Johannesburg time, (ix) in the case of 
MOSPRIME, 12.30 p.m. Moscow time, (x) in the case of NIBOR, 12.00 p.m. Oslo time, 
(xi) in the case of SHIBOR, 11.30 a.m. Beijing time, (xii) in the case of STIBOR, 11.00 
a.m. Stockholm time, (xiii) in the case of TIBOR, 11.00 a.m. Tokyo time, (xiv) in the case 
of TIIE, 2.30 p.m. Mexico City time, (xv) in the case of TRLIBOR, 11.15 a.m. Istanbul 
time, (xvi) in the case of WIBOR, 11.00 a.m. Warsaw time or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, such other time as shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(v) 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after determining the Rate of Interest 
in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") 
payable in respect of the Calculation Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms for the 
relevant Interest Period.  The amount of interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period concerned divided by 360 (or, in the case 
of the Notes denominated in Pounds Sterling, 365 (or, if any portion of such Interest Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion divided by 366 
and (ii) the actual number of days in the remainder of such Interest Period divided by 365)) 
or by such other number as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the currency in which such Notes are 
denominated or, as the case may be, in which such interest is payable (one half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal 
to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  
Where the Specified Denomination of such a Note comprises more than one Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of the 
amounts (determined in the manner above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding.  For this purpose, a "sub-unit" 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, 
means one cent. 
(c) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR 
(i) 
This Condition 5(c) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the Reference Rate is 
SONIA or SOFR. The Notes in relation to which this Condition 5(c) is applicable shall 
bear interest on its Outstanding Principal Amount (or if it is a Partly Paid Note, the amount 
paid up) at the rates per annum determined in accordance with this Condition 5(c). 
(ii) 
Such Notes shall bear interest from and including their Issue Date to, but excluding, the 
date of final maturity thereof (each date as specified in the relevant Final Terms) or, if no 
Maturity Date is specified, the date of any final redemption. Such interest will be payable 
on each date (an "Interest Payment Date") which falls such period of months as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms after such Issue Date or, as the case may be, after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date. If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a

--- Page 117 ---
- 102 - 
date which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event it shall be brought forward 
to the preceding Business Day unless it is specified in the relevant Final Terms that if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on the date which is not a Business Day, it 
shall be postponed to the next Business Day. If such Issue Date or any succeeding Interest 
Payment Date falls on the last Business Day of the month, each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business Day of the relevant month. Each period beginning 
on (and including) such Issue Date and ending on (but excluding) the First Interest 
Payment Date and each period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date is herein called an "Interest 
Period". 
(iii) 
Subject to Conditions 5(h) and 5(e)(vii) (if applicable), where the Reference Rate specified 
in the relevant Final Terms is SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) the Relevant Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate 
as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date in question, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards: 
(i) in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
SONIA with Observation Period Shift: 
[∏(1 + 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 
365
𝑑
 
"d" means, for any Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such Observation 
Period;  
"do" means, for any Observation Period, the number of London Banking Days in such 
Observation Period; 
"i" means, for any Observation Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first London Banking Day in such Observation Period to, and including, the last 
London Banking Day in such Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling 
"p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes are due and payable);  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
"ni" means, for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Observation Period, the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to

--- Page 118 ---
- 103 - 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" means, for any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SONIA Reference Rate; and 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day;  
or 
(ii) in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being SONIA with Lookback: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 × 𝑛𝑖
365
) −
𝑑0
𝑖=1
1] × 365
𝑑 
"d" means, for any Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such Interest Period; 
"do" means, for any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days in such Interest 
Period; 
"i" means, for any Interest  Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first London Banking Day in such Interest Period to, and including, the last London 
Banking Day in such Interest Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
"ni" means, for any London Banking Day "i", the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London 
Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" means, for any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms 
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, "i", a reference rate equal to 
the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking 
Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and

--- Page 119 ---
- 104 - 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Interest Period, the SONIA rate for the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i". 
If, subject to Condition 5(h), in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SONIA rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA rate 
shall be: (i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those lowest spreads). 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions, subject to Condition 5(h), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Relevant Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Period, the Relevant Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Relevant Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or 
(ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had 
the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Relevant Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 7, 
the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any 
such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA 
only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The 
SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken 
by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking Day but without 
compounding. 
(iv) 
Where the Reference Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms is SOFR, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below and subject to Condition 
5(i), be the relevant Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
the Relevant Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. In no event will the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period be less 
than the Minimum Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(iv): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily 
SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and 
other provisions set out in this Condition 5(c)(iv). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this reason, in 
determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other 
provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the Interest Period or Observation Period, as the case may 
be, will be multiplied by the number of calendar days from and including such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR

--- Page 120 ---
- 105 - 
used in the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the 
provisions under Condition 5(i) below will apply. 
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
and is not a legal holiday in New York and is not a date on which banking institutions in 
New York are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula 
(and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
(i) 
in the case of Compounded SOFR specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Compounded SOFR with Lookback: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷 × 𝑛𝑖
360
) −
𝑑0
𝑖=1
1] × 360
𝑑 
 
where: 
"do" for any Interest Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"SOFRi-pUSBD" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the 
relevant Interest Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to that day "i"; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Period, is the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day ("i+1");  
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; and 
"p" means, for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
or 
(ii) 
in the case of Compounded SOFR specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 × 𝑛𝑖
360
) −
𝑑0
𝑖=1
1] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
"do" for any Observation Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period;

--- Page 121 ---
- 106 - 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (i+1);  
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; and 
"SOFRi" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day "i". 
"Interest Period" means each period from, and including, an Interest Payment Date (or, 
in the case of the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) to, but 
excluding, the next Interest Payment Date (or, in the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes on any earlier redemption date, 
the relevant redemption date); 
"Observation Period" in respect of each Interest Period means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the 
first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, 
with "p" being the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
"SOFR", with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(1) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
"SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(2) 
if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or any successor source; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, subject to Condition 5(i), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Relevant Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Relevant Margin relating to 
the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Relevant Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled 
first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Relevant Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 8, 
the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes

--- Page 122 ---
- 107 - 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any 
such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(v) 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference rate 
for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date: 
(𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) 𝑋 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
 
to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Relevant Margin (if any), all as 
determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Index" shall mean either SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR 
Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Compounded Index End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day  
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days  prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such 
Interest Period); 
"Compounded Index Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period (or in the first Interest Period, the Issue Date); 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined; 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking 
Days, and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in the case 
of the SOFR Compounded Index, 360, or as otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
be the fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh 
decimal place in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, in each case rounded up or 
down, if necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 being rounded 
upwards);  
"Relevant Number" shall be, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, five 
in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and two in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the compounded daily SOFR rate as published at 
3:00 p.m. (New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any 
successor source; 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the compounded daily SONIA rate as published at 
10:00 a.m. (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) 
on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source; and

--- Page 123 ---
- 108 - 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day 
for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions, subject to Condition 5(h) or 5(i), as applicable, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined for that Interest Period as if Index Determination was not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and as if Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR 
with Observation Period Shift (as applicable) had been specified instead in the Final Terms 
and where "p" shall be deemed to be the same as the Relevant Number specified in the 
Final Terms. 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 7, 
the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any 
such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(vi) 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after determining the Rate of Interest 
in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") 
payable in respect of the Calculation Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms for the 
relevant Interest Period.  The amount of interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period concerned divided by 360 (or, in the case 
of the Notes denominated in Pounds Sterling, 365 (or, if any portion of such Interest Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion divided by 366 
and (ii) the actual number of days in the remainder of such Interest Period divided by 365)) 
or by such other number as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest subunit of the currency in which such Notes are denominated 
or, as the case may be, in which such interest is payable (one half of any such subunit 
being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  Where 
the Specified Denomination of such a Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding.  For this purpose, a "subunit" means, in the 
case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(d) 
Interest – Reset Note Provisions 
(i) 
This Condition 5(d) is applicable to the Notes only if the Interest - Reset Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Such Notes shall bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Amount: 
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms until (but excluding) the First Reset Date at the rate per annum equal 
to the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset 
Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Maturity Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per annum equal 
to the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (subject to adjustment as described in Condition 5(a)) and on the Maturity 
Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after 
each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and (B) in the case of the

--- Page 124 ---
- 109 - 
Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in 
Condition 5(a). 
(iii) 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-
Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 12 (noon) in the Relevant Financial Centre of 
the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic 
mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or 
Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last 
preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset 
Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest (though substituting, where a different 
Relevant Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Reset Period, the Relevant Margin relating to the relevant Reset Period, 
in place of the Relevant Margin relating to that last preceding Reset Period). 
(e) 
Interest – Supplemental Provisions 
(i) 
Condition 5(e)(ii) shall be applicable in relation to Notes in relation to which Floating Rate 
Note Provisions or Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, Condition 5(e)(iv) shall be applicable in relation to all interest-bearing 
Notes, Condition 5(e)(v) shall be applicable in relation to Instalment Notes and Conditions 
5(e)(vii) and 5(e)(viii) shall be applicable in relation to Notes in relation to which Floating 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Notification of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts and Interest Payment Dates 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest, floating rate, Interest Payment 
Date, final day of a calculation period, Interest Amount or floating amount, Instalment 
Amount or any other rate of interest, interest period or reset period to be determined or 
calculated by it to be notified to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent.  The Fiscal Agent will 
cause all such determinations or calculations to be notified to the other Paying Agents and, 
in the case of Registered Notes, the Registrar (from whose respective specified offices 
such information will be available) as soon as practicable after such determination or 
calculated but in any event not later than the fourth London Banking Day thereafter and, 
in the case of Notes listed on a stock exchange, cause each such Rate of Interest, floating 
rate, Interest Amount or floating amount or, as the case may be, Instalment Amount to be 
notified and/or published according to the requirements of that stock exchange. The 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to amend any Interest Amount, floating amount, Interest 
Payment Date or last day of a calculation period (or to make appropriate alternative 
arrangements by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of the extension or 
abbreviation of the relevant Interest Period or calculation period.  For the purposes of these 
Conditions, "London Banking Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open 
for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and "TARGET2 Settlement Day" has the meaning set out below. 
(iii) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion 
This Condition 5(e)(iii) is only applicable if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. If Reset Reference Rate Conversion is so 
specified as being applicable, the First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest will be converted from the Original Reset Reference 
Rate Basis specified in the relevant Final Terms to a basis which matches the per annum

--- Page 125 ---
- 110 - 
frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the relevant Notes (such calculation to 
be determined by the Issuer in conjunction with a leading financial institution selected by 
it). 
(iv) 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of all rates of interest, amounts of interest, 
and Instalment Amounts for the purposes of this Condition 5 shall, in the absence of 
manifest error, be final and binding on all parties. 
(v) 
Interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Principal Amount of each Note during each 
Interest Period (as defined in Condition 5(b)(ii)) from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date, provided that in the case of Swedish Notes, interest shall accrue 
on the Outstanding Principal Amount of each Swedish Note during each Interest Period 
from but excluding the Interest Commencement Date.  Interest will cease to accrue in 
respect of each instalment of principal on, but excluding, the due date for payment of the 
relevant Instalment Amount, provided that in the case of Swedish Notes interest will 
cease to accrue in respect of each instalment of principal on and including the due date for 
payment of the relevant Instalment Amount, unless upon due presentation or surrender 
thereof (if required), payment in full of the relevant Instalment Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused or default is otherwise made in the payment thereof in which case 
interest shall continue to accrue on the principal amount in respect of which payment has 
been improperly withheld or refused or default has been made (as well after as before any 
demand or judgment) at the interest rate then applicable or such other rate as may be 
specified for this purpose in the Final Terms until, but excluding, the date, or in the case 
of Swedish Notes, including the date, on which, upon due presentation or surrender of the 
relevant Note (if required), the relevant payment is made or, if earlier (except where 
presentation or surrender of the relevant Note is not required as a precondition of payment), 
the seventh day after the date on which the Fiscal Agent having received the funds required 
to make such payment, gives notice to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) that the Fiscal Agent has received the required funds (except to the 
extent that there is failure in the subsequent payment thereof to the relevant Holder). 
(vi) 
In the case of partly-paid Notes (other than partly-paid Notes which are non-interest 
bearing) interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up principal amount of such Notes 
and otherwise as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
(vii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be 
less than the minimum so specified. 
(viii) 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, including where the Minimum 
Rate of Interest is specified as being "Not Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(f) 
Non-Interest-Bearing Notes 
If any principal amount or Instalment Amount in respect of any Note which is non-interest bearing 
is not paid when due, interest shall accrue from and including such due date, or in the case of 
Swedish Notes from but excluding such due date, on the overdue amount at a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage per annum) equal to the Amortisation/Accrual Yield defined in the Final 
Terms or at such other rate as may be specified for this purpose in the Final Terms until but 
excluding, or in the case of Swedish Notes until and including, the date on which, upon due 
presentation or surrender of the relevant Note (if required), the relevant payment is made or, if 
earlier (except where presentation or surrender of the relevant Note is not required as a precondition 
of payment), the seventh day after the date on which, the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case 
may be, having received the funds required to make such payment, gives notice to the Holders of 
the Notes in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) that the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the 
case may be has received the required funds, (except to the extent that there is failure in the 
subsequent payment thereof to the relevant Holder).  The amount of any such interest shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the Amortisation/Accrual Yield and the overdue sum by 
the Day Count Fraction as specified for this purpose in the Final Terms.

--- Page 126 ---
- 111 - 
(g) 
Interest – Supplemental Provision for Renminbi Notes 
This Condition 5(g) shall apply to Fixed Rate Notes denominated in Renminbi (the "Renminbi 
Notes") only where the Final Terms for the relevant Renminbi Notes specify that the Interest 
Payment Dates are subject to adjustment. 
For such Notes, the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by multiplying the product of the relevant Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the 
relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, with 
CNY0.005 being rounded upwards. The Calculation Agent shall cause any Fixed Coupon Amount 
so calculated and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, 
the Holders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) and, if the Notes admitted to listing and/or 
trading on any stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, the relevant stock 
exchange as soon as possible after their determination or calculation but in no event later than the 
fourth London Banking Day thereafter or, if earlier in the case of notification to the stock exchange, 
the time required by the rules of the relevant stock exchange. 
(h) 
Benchmark Replacement - Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5 but subject, where the Reference 
Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms is SOFR, to the operation of the fallback provisions 
specified in the definition of SOFR in Condition 5(c)(iv), if the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s))) determines that a Benchmark Event 
has occurred, when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to a Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as 
applicable), then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the 
determination (with the Issuer's agreement) of a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no Successor Rate, an alternative 
rate (the "Alternative Benchmark Rate") and, in either case, an alternative screen page 
or source (the "Alternative Relevant Screen Page") and an Adjustment Spread (if 
applicable) no later than three (3) Business Days prior to the relevant Reset Determination 
Date or Interest Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset 
Period or Interest Period (as applicable) (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Reset 
Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 5(h) if a further Benchmark Event occurs); 
(ii) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer acting in good faith agree has replaced the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) in customary market usage for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of interest or reset rates of interest in respect of debt 
securities denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer agree that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer acting in good faith agree is most comparable to the relevant Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate, and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall 
be such page of an information service as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(iii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the Independent Adviser 
and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the IA Determination Cut-
off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, then the Issuer (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine which (if any) rate has replaced 
the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) 
in customary market usage for purposes of determining floating rates of interest or reset 
rates of interest in respect of debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if 
it determines that there is no such rate, which (if any) rate is most comparable to the 
relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable), and 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be the rate so determined by the Issuer and the 
Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information service as displays

--- Page 127 ---
- 112 - 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate; provided, however, that if this sub-paragraph (iii) applies 
and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an Alternative Benchmark Rate and 
Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest 
Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest 
Period (as applicable) in accordance with this sub-paragraph (iii), the Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate applicable to such Reset Period or Interest Period 
(as applicable) for a term equivalent to the Relevant Interest Period or Reset Period 
published on the Relevant Screen Page as at the last preceding Reset Date or Interest 
Determination Date (including a LIBOR Interest Determination Date or a EURIBOR 
Interest Determination Date) (as applicable) (though substituting, where a different 
Relevant Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable), the 
Relevant Margin relating to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period, in place of the 
margin relating to that last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period). For the avoidance 
of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Reset Period or Interest 
Period, and any subsequent Reset Periods or Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 5(h); 
(iv) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Alternative Relevant Screen 
Page is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the benchmark 
and the Relevant Screen Page in relation to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest 
Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(h)); 
(v) 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Benchmark Rate and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate for each subsequent determination of 
a relevant Rate of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a component part thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(vi) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser (with the 
Issuer's agreement) or the Issuer (as the case may be), may also specify changes to the Day 
Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Reset 
Determination Date, Reset Determination Time, Interest Determination Date and/or the 
definition of Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate applicable to the 
Notes, and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order 
to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread, which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Reset 
Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 5(h)); and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page and Adjustment Spread (if any) 
give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (vi) above to the 
Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, "Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as 
applicable) has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of 
such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) that (in circumstances where 
no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue 
publication of such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate) 
it has ceased or will cease publishing such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate or Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so 
by a specified future date; or

--- Page 128 ---
- 113 - 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) that such Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate has been or will, by a 
specified future date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) that means that 
such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate will, by a 
specified future date, be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; 
or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view 
of such supervisor, (i) such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or 
Reference Rate is or will, by a specified future date, be no longer representative 
of an underlying market or (ii) the methodology to calculate such Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to 
be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 or such regulation as it forms part of 
United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D) or (E) above, as applicable, and the specified future 
date in such public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the 
Benchmark Event shall not be deemed occur until the date falling six months prior to such specified 
future date. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(h), no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate or Adjustment Spread (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments 
to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 5(h), if and to the extent that, in 
the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the 
qualification of the Notes as: 
(A) 
in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, eligible 
liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity of the Issuer and/or the Nordea Group; 
or 
(B) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Nordea 
Group, 
or, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, if and to the extent 
that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the 
Resolution Authority treating a future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, 
rather than the relevant Maturity Date for the purposes of qualification as eligible liabilities and/or 
loss absorbing capacity of the Issuer and/or the Nordea Group. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement - ARRC 
This Condition 5(i) shall apply to all Notes where Condition 5(i) is specified as being applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes 
relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all 
subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer

--- Page 129 ---
- 114 - 
will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 
5(i), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking 
any action or any selection: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
"Benchmark" means, initially, U.S. dollar LIBOR or Compounded SOFR, as the case may be; 
provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to U.S. 
dollar LIBOR or Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof), 
as the case may be, or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate is U.S. dollar LIBOR, the Interpolated Benchmark with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark; provided that if the Issuer cannot determine the Interpolated Benchmark as 
of the Benchmark Replacement Date, then "Benchmark Replacement" means the first 
alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (a) Term SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (a) Compounded SOFR (as determined in accordance with 
Condition 5(c)(iv) above and as if Compounded Daily SOFR with Observation 
Period Shift had not been specified as applicable in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement) and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(iii) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(iv) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(v) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of 
interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. Dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(B) 
In the case of Notes where the Reference Rate is SOFR, "Benchmark Replacement" 
means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer 
as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or

--- Page 130 ---
- 115 - 
(iii) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing 
and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, 
and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption 
of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if 
the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement 
exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark (including, in the case of Compounded SOFR, the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the later 
of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein 
and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely 
ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs 
on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for 
such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including, in the case of Compounded SOFR, the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency 
of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with

--- Page 131 ---
- 116 - 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark; 
"Interpolated Benchmark" with respect to the Benchmark means the rate determined for the 
Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (A) the Benchmark for the longest 
period (for which the Benchmark is available) that is shorter than the Corresponding Tenor and 
(B) the Benchmark for the shortest period (for which the Benchmark is available) that is longer 
than the Corresponding Tenor; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to 
time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the Benchmark 
is LIBOR, the Relevant Time, (ii) if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR 
Determination Time, and (iii) if the Benchmark is neither LIBOR nor Compounded SOFR, the 
time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
"Term SOFR" means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor based 
on SOFR (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv) that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under this Condition 5(i) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect. 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement

--- Page 132 ---
- 117 - 
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of 
this Condition 5(i); and 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(i), no Benchmark Replacement will be 
adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 
5(i), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be 
expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as: 
(A) 
in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, eligible 
liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity of the Issuer and/or the Nordea Group; or 
(B) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Nordea Group; 
or, in the case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, if and to 
the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result 
in the Resolution Authority treating a future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the 
Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date for the purposes of qualification as eligible liabilities 
and/or loss absorbing capacity of the Issuer and/or the Nordea Group. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, Notes shall be redeemed at their principal 
amount (or at such other redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) (or, 
in the case of Instalment Notes, in the Instalment Amounts and in such number of instalments as 
may be specified in or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the Final Terms) on the 
date or dates (or, in the case of Notes which bear interest at a floating rate of interest, on the date 
or dates upon which interest is payable) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons - Withholding Tax 
If, in relation to any Series of Notes (unless specified as not applicable in the Final Terms), as a 
result of any change in the laws of any Taxing Jurisdiction or of any political subdivision thereof 
or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or in the interpretation or 
administration of any such laws or regulations which becomes effective on or after the Issue Date 
of such Notes or, in the case of Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes, any earlier date specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of such Notes, the 
Issuer would be required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 8 (a "Withholding 
Tax Event"), the Issuer may, at any time following the occurrence of such Withholding Tax Event, 
at its option and subject (to the extent applicable) to the Conditions to Redemption set out in 
Condition 6(j), having given not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice (ending, in the case of 
Notes which bear interest at a floating rate, on a day upon which interest is payable) to the Holders 
in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable) redeem all (but not some only, 
unless and to the extent that the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, in relation to Unrestricted 
Senior Preferred Notes) the Notes of the relevant Series at their Outstanding Principal Amount (or 
such other redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or at the redemption 
amount referred to in Condition 6(i), together with accrued interest (if any) thereon. 
(c) 
Early Redemption as a result of a Tax Event 
At any time following the occurrence of a Tax Event in respect of any Series of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes or Restricted Senior Preferred Notes (unless specified as not 
applicable in the Final Terms), but subject (to the extent applicable) to the Conditions to 
Redemption set out in Condition 6(j)), the Issuer may having given not less than 15 days' nor more 
than 60 days' notice (ending, in the case of any Notes which bear interest at a floating rate, on a 
day upon which interest is payable) to the Holders in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice 
shall be irrevocable) redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Series of Notes at any time

--- Page 133 ---
- 118 - 
at a redemption amount equal to their Outstanding Principal Amount (or such other redemption 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or at the redemption amount referred to in 
Condition 6(i)) together with interest accrued to but excluding the date of redemption, subject to 
these Conditions. 
(d) 
Early Redemption of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes as a result of an MREL Disqualification Event 
Unless specified as not applicable in the Final Terms and subject (to the extent applicable) to the 
Conditions to Redemption set out in Condition 6(j), if an MREL Disqualification Event has 
occurred and is continuing, the Issuer may from (and including) the MREL Disqualification Event 
Effective Date, at its option having given not less than 15 days' nor more than 60 days' notice 
(ending, in the case of Notes which bear interest at a floating rate, on a day upon which interest is 
payable) to the Holders in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
redeem all (but not some only) of the relevant Series of Notes at their Outstanding Principal 
Amount (or such other redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
together with interest (accrued to but excluding the date of redemption, subject to these 
Conditions). 
(e) 
Early Redemption of Subordinated Notes as a result of a Capital Event 
At any time following the occurrence of a Capital Event in respect of any Subordinated Notes 
(unless specified as not applicable in the Final Terms), but subject to the Conditions to Redemption 
set out in Condition 6(j), the Issuer may, at its option, having given not less than 15 days' nor more 
than 60 days' notice (ending, in the case of Subordinated Notes which bear interest at a floating 
rate, on a day upon which interest is payable) to the Holders in accordance with Condition 14 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) redeem all (but not some only) of the Subordinated Notes at 
any time at a redemption amount equal to their Outstanding Principal Amount (or such other 
redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or at the redemption amount 
referred to in Condition 6(i)) together with interest accrued to but excluding the date of redemption, 
subject to these Conditions. 
(f) 
Optional Early Redemption (Call) 
If this Condition 6(f) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the Issuer 
may (subject, to the extent applicable, to the Conditions to Redemption set out in Condition 6(j)), 
upon the expiry of the appropriate notice, redeem all (but not, unless and to the extent that the 
relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise in relation to Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes, some 
only) of the Notes of the relevant Series at its Outstanding Principal Amount or such other 
redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, together with accrued interest 
(if any) thereon.  Notes denominated in Pounds Sterling may not be redeemed prior to one year 
and one day from the Issue Date. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the redemption amount shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
The appropriate notice referred to in this Condition 6(f) is a notice given by the Issuer to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and the Holders of the Notes of the relevant 
Series not less than 15 days (or such alternative period as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date, which notice shall be signed by two duly 
authorised officers of the Issuer and shall specify: 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part only, the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes of the relevant Series which are to be 
redeemed; 
(iii) 
relevant Optional Redemption Date; and 
(iv) 
the amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed, which shall be their Outstanding 
Principal Amount (or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
together with, in the case of Notes which bear interest, accrued interest thereon.

--- Page 134 ---
- 119 - 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable, and the delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to make the 
redemption therein specified. 
(g) 
Partial Redemption 
If some only of the Notes of a Series are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance 
with Condition 6(f): 
(i) 
in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes shall be redeemed pro rata to their Outstanding 
Principal Amount by being drawn by lot in such European city as the Fiscal Agent may 
specify, or identified in such other manner or in such other place as the Fiscal Agent may 
approve and deem appropriate and fair, subject always to compliance with all applicable 
laws, and the rules of each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if 
any) on which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and, 
if applicable, the rules of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction 
in nominal amount, at their discretion); and 
(ii) 
in the case of Registered Notes, the Notes shall be redeemed pro rata to their Outstanding 
Principal Amount, subject always as aforesaid. 
(h) 
Optional Early Redemption (Put) 
If this Condition 6(h) is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to Unrestricted 
Senior Preferred Notes, then the Issuer shall, upon the exercise of the relevant option by the Holder 
of any Note (other than a holder of a Subordinated Note) of the relevant Series, redeem such Note 
on the date or the next of the dates specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Outstanding Principal 
Amount (or such other redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
together with accrued interest (if any) thereon.  In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, 
not less than forty-five days before the date so specified (as more particularly specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), deposit the relevant Note (together, in the case of an interest-bearing 
Definitive Note, with any unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto) with, in the case of a Bearer 
Note, any Paying Agent or, in the case of a Registered Note, the Registrar together with a duly 
completed redemption notice in the form which is available from the specified office of any of the 
Paying Agents or, as the case may be, the Registrar. 
(i) 
Early Redemption of Non-Interest-Bearing Notes 
The redemption amount payable in respect of any non-interest bearing Note upon redemption of 
such Note pursuant to Condition 6(b) or 6(c), 6(d) or 6(e) or, if applicable Condition 6(f) or 6(h) 
or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 7 shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Notes. 
(i) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (ii) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any 
such Note shall be the sum of (A) the Reference Price specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and (B) the aggregate amortisation of the difference between the principal amount of such 
Note from its Issue Date to the date on which such Note becomes due and payable at a 
rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Accrual Yield specified in the 
relevant Final Terms compounded annually and the Reference Price.  Where such 
calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the basis 
of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each or such other calculation basis 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
If the redemption amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(b) or 6(c) or 6(e) or, if applicable Condition 6(f) or 6(h) or upon 
it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 7 is not paid when due, the 
redemption amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (i) above, except that sub-paragraph 
shall have effect as though the reference therein to the date on which the Note becomes 
due and payable were replaced by a reference to the Relevant Date.  The calculation of the 
Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph will continue to be made 
(as well after as before judgment), until the Relevant Date unless the Relevant Date falls

--- Page 135 ---
- 120 - 
on or after the Maturity Date or date scheduled for redemption, in which case the amount 
due and payable shall be the principal amount of such Note. 
(j) 
Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase 
Other than a redemption at maturity in accordance with Condition 6(a), the Issuer may redeem or 
repurchase the Notes (and give notice thereof to the Holders) only if such redemption or repurchase 
is in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and it has been granted the permission 
of the Competent Authority (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or the Resolution Authority (in the 
case of Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes 
(to the extent that such Subordinated Notes have ceased to qualify, in whole but not in part, as Tier 
2 Capital)), in each such case, if such permission is then required under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations, and in addition: 
(i) 
before or at the same time as such redemption or repurchase of the Notes, the Issuer 
replaces the Notes with own funds instruments (or, in the case of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes (to the extent that such 
Subordinated Notes have ceased to qualify, in whole but not in part, as Tier 2 Capital), 
eligible liabilities instruments) of an equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable 
for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority or Resolution 
Authority, as the case may be, that its own funds and eligible liabilities would, following 
such redemption or repurchase, exceed the requirements under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations by a margin that (in the case of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Restricted 
Senior Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes (to the extent that such Subordinated Notes 
have ceased to qualify, in whole but not in part, as Tier 2 Capital)), the Resolution 
Authority in agreement with the Competent Authority or, (in the case of the Subordinated 
Notes) the Competent Authority, considers necessary; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Restricted Senior Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes (to the extent that such Subordinated Notes have ceased to qualify, in 
whole but not in part, as Tier 2 Capital) only, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction 
of the Resolution Authority that the partial or full replacement of the eligible liabilities 
with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure compliance with the own funds 
requirements laid down in the CRD for continuing authorisation; and 
(iv) 
in the case of redemption or repurchase before five years after the issue date of the 
Subordinated Notes:  
(A) 
only the conditions listed in paragraphs (i) or (ii) above are met; and 
(B) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the 
Competent Authority considers such change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the 
Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the Capital 
Event was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the Notes; or 
(C) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event or 
Tax Event, the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority 
that such Withholding Tax Event or Tax Event is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of issuance of the Notes; or 
(D) 
before or at the same time of such redemption or repurchase, the Issuer replaces 
the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for its income capacity and the Competent Authority has permitted 
that action on the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from a 
prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(E) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
(the "Conditions to Redemption").

--- Page 136 ---
- 121 - 
(k) 
Repurchase of the Notes 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries (if any) may, if in accordance with the Applicable Banking 
Regulations, at any time repurchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price and 
provided that any such repurchases shall be subject to the Conditions to Redemption set out above. 
(l) 
Cancellation of Redeemed and Repurchased Notes 
All Notes redeemed or repurchased in accordance with this Condition 6 and, in the case of interest-
bearing Definitive Notes, any unmatured Coupons attached thereto or surrendered or repurchased 
therewith will be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold.  References in this Condition 6(l) to 
the repurchase of Notes by the Issuer shall not include the purchase of Notes in the ordinary course 
of business of dealing in securities or the repurchase of Notes otherwise than as beneficial owners. 
(m) 
Procedure for Payment upon Redemption 
Any redemption of the VP Notes, VPS Notes, or Swedish Notes pursuant to this Condition 6 shall 
be in accordance with, in the case of VP Notes, the VP Rules, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS 
Rules and in the case of Swedish Notes, the Euroclear Sweden Rules. 
7. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Unrestricted Events of Default – Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes 
(i) 
This Condition 7(a) is applicable in relation to Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes. 
(ii) 
The following events or circumstances (each an "Event of Default") shall be events of 
default in relation to the Notes: 
(A) 
default is made by the Issuer in the payment of any principal for a period of 14 
days or any interest for a period of 30 days in respect of any such Notes, after in 
each case the date when due; or 
(B) 
default is made by the Issuer in the performance or observance of any other 
obligation, condition or provision binding on it under any of such Notes and such 
default continues for 45 days after written notice of such failure has first been 
given to the Fiscal Agent by the Holder of any such Note at the time outstanding, 
requiring the Issuer to remedy the same; or 
(C) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the dissolution or 
liquidation of the Issuer (except for the purposes of a merger, reconstruction or 
amalgamation under which the continuing entity effectively assumes the entire 
obligation of the Issuer under the Notes) or the Issuer is adjudicated or found 
bankrupt or insolvent by any competent court; or 
(D) 
the Issuer stops payment or (except for the purposes of such a merger, 
reconstruction or amalgamation as is referred to in sub-paragraph (C) above) 
ceases to carry on the whole or substantially the whole of its business, or an 
encumbrancer takes possession or a receiver is appointed of the whole or any part 
of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer or a distress of execution is levied or 
enforced upon or sued out against any of the chattels or property of the Issuer and 
is not in any such case discharged within 30 days, or any order is made or effective 
resolution passed by the Issuer applying for or granting a suspension of payments 
or appointing a liquidator, receiver or trustee of the Issuer or of a substantial part 
of its undertaking or assets. 
(iii) 
If any Event of Default shall occur in relation to any Series of Notes, other than VPS Notes, 
any Holder of any Note of the relevant Series may by written notice to the Issuer declare 
such Note and (if the Note is interest bearing) all interest then accrued on such Note to be 
forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall become immediately due and 
payable at its principal amount (or, in the case of a Note which is not interest bearing, at 
the redemption amount referred to in Condition 6(i) or such other amount as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) without presentment, demand, protest or other notice

--- Page 137 ---
- 122 - 
of any kind, all of which the Issuer will expressly waive, anything contained in such Notes 
to the contrary notwithstanding, unless prior to the time when the Issuer receives such 
notice all Events of Default in respect of all the Notes shall have been cured. 
(iv) 
If an Event of Default shall occur in relation to any Series of VPS Notes, any Holder of 
any VPS Note of the relevant Series may by written notice to the Issuer and the VPS 
Paying Agent declare such VPS Note and (if the VPS Note is interest bearing) all interest 
then accrued on such VPS Note to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same 
shall become immediately (or on such later date on which the relevant VPS Notes have 
been transferred to the account designated by the VPS Paying Agent and blocked for 
further transfer by the VPS Paying Agent in accordance with the VPS Rules) due and 
payable at its principal amount (or, if the VPS Notes of that Series are non-interest-bearing 
VPS Notes, at the redemption amount referred to in Condition 6(c) (Redemption and 
Purchase) or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) without 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which the Issuer will 
expressly waive, anything contained in such VPS Notes to the contrary notwithstanding, 
unless prior to the time when the Issuer receives such notice all Events of Default in respect 
of all the VPS Notes shall have been cured. 
(b) 
Restricted Events of Default – Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes or Restricted 
Senior Preferred Notes 
(i) 
This Condition 7(b) is applicable in relation to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated 
Notes or Restricted Senior Preferred Notes. 
(ii) 
The following events or circumstances (each an "Event of Default") shall be an event of 
default in relation to the Notes: 
If: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall default in the payment of any principal for a period of 7 days after 
the date when due in respect of any such Note which has become due and payable 
in accordance with any redemption of such Notes; or 
(B) 
the Issuer shall default for a period of 14 days in the payment of interest due on 
any such Note on an Interest Payment Date or any other date on which the 
payment of interest is compulsory; or 
(C) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up or 
liquidation of the Issuer (except for the purpose of a merger, reconstruction or 
amalgamation under which the continuing entity effectively assumes the entire 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes) or the Issuer is otherwise declared 
bankrupt or put into liquidation, in each case, by a court or agency or supervisory 
authority in the Relevant Jurisdiction or elsewhere having jurisdiction in respect 
of the same, 
the Holder of any Note may: 
(x)  
(in the case of sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) above) institute proceedings 
for the Issuer to be declared bankrupt or its winding-up or liquidation, 
in each case, in the Relevant Jurisdiction and not elsewhere, and prove 
or claim in the bankruptcy or liquidation (of the Issuer); and/or 
(y)  
(in the case of sub-paragraph (C) above) prove or claim in the winding 
up or liquidation or as the case may be, bankruptcy or liquidation of 
the Issuer, whether in the Relevant Jurisdiction or elsewhere and 
instituted by the Issuer itself or by a third party. 
but (in either case) the Holder of such Note may claim payment in respect of the Note only 
in the winding up or liquidation or as the case may be, bankruptcy or liquidation of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 138 ---
- 123 - 
(iii) 
In any of the events or circumstances described in Condition 7(b)(i) above, the Holder of 
any Note may, by notice to the Issuer, declare such Note to be due and payable, and such 
Note shall accordingly become due and payable at its Outstanding Principal Amount 
together with accrued interest to the date of payment but subject to such Holder only being 
able to claim payment in respect of the Note in the winding up or liquidation or as the case 
may be, bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. 
(iv) 
The Holder of any Note may at its discretion institute such proceedings against the Issuer 
as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or provision binding 
on the Issuer under the Notes (other than, without prejudice to Conditions 7(b)(i) or 7(b)(ii) 
above, any obligation for the payment of any principal or interest in respect of the Notes) 
provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings be 
obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable 
by it, except with the prior approval of the Competent Authority (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes) or the Resolution Authority (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) (in either case, if such approval is then required under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations). 
(v) 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as provided in Conditions 7(b)(i), 7(b)(ii) and 
7(b)(iii) above shall be available to the Holders of Notes, whether for the recovery of 
amounts owing in respect of the Notes or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of 
its obligations or undertakings with respect to the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt any exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority will not constitute an event of default or a breach of the Issuer’s 
obligations or duties in respect of the Notes, or a failure to perform any of the Issuer’s obligations 
or duties in respect of the Notes in any manner whatsoever, and shall not, of itself, entitle Holders 
to petition for the winding up or liquidation of the Issuer. 
8. 
Taxation 
(a) 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes (whether in respect of interest or, in the case of 
Unrestricted Senior Preferred Notes only, principal, redemption amount or otherwise) by or on 
behalf of the Issuer will be made free and clear of and without withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of the Taxing Jurisdiction, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes or duties is 
required by law. In that event and in relation to a Subordinated Note, Senior Non-Preferred Note 
or Restricted Senior Preferred Note, any payment of interest only, the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts receivable by the Holders 
after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would have been 
receivable in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts 
shall be payable with respect to payment in respect of any Note presented for payment: 
(i) 
in the Taxing Jurisdiction; 
(ii) 
by or on behalf of a Holder who is liable to such taxes or duties in respect of such Note by 
reason of such Holder having some connection with the Taxing Jurisdiction other than the 
mere holding of such Note; or 
(iii) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the relevant Holder 
would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting the same for payment 
on the expiry of such period of 30 days; or 
(iv) 
by or on behalf of, a Holder who would not be liable or subject to the withholding or 
deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption 
to the relevant tax authority. 
(b) 
For the purposes of these Conditions, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment 
first becomes due and payable, but if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been received 
by the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (or, in respect of Swiss Franc Notes only, 
the Swiss Paying Agent) on or prior to such due date, it means the first date on which the full 
amount of such moneys has been so received and notice to that effect shall have been duly given 
to the Holders of the Notes of the relevant Series in accordance with Condition 14.

--- Page 139 ---
- 124 - 
(c) 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal, redemption amount and/or interest in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed also to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under this 
Condition 8 or any undertaking given in addition thereto or in substitution therefor. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding anything in this Condition 8 or Condition 9 to the contrary, none of the Issuer, 
any paying agent or any other person shall be required to pay any additional amounts with respect 
to any withholding or deduction imposed on or in respect of any Note pursuant to Sections 1471 
to 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("FATCA"), any treaty, law, 
regulation, intergovernmental agreement implementing legislation or other official guidance 
enacted by the Taxing Jurisdiction implementing FATCA, or any agreement between the Issuer or 
any other person making payments on behalf of the Issuer and the United States or any authority 
thereof implementing FATCA. 
9. 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments – Bearer Notes 
(i) 
This Condition 9(a) is applicable in relation to Bearer Notes. 
(ii) 
Payment of amounts (including accrued interest) due on the redemption of Bearer Notes 
will be made against presentation and, save in the case of a partial redemption by reason 
of insufficiency of funds or payment of an Instalment Amount (other than the final 
Instalment Amount), surrender of the relevant Bearer Notes to or to the order of any of the 
Paying Agents. 
Payment of Instalment Amounts (other than the final Instalment Amount) in respect of an 
Instalment Note will be made against presentation of the Bearer Note together with 
(whether applicable) the relevant Receipt and surrender of such Receipt. 
The Receipts are not and shall not in any circumstances be deemed to be documents of 
title and if separated from the Bearer Note to which they relate will not represent any 
obligation of the Issuer. 
Accordingly, the presentation of a Bearer Note without the relative Receipt or the 
presentation of a Receipt without the Bearer Note to which it appertains shall not entitle 
the Holder to any payment in respect of the relevant Instalment Amount. 
(iii) 
Payment of amounts due in respect of interest on Bearer Notes will be made: 
(A) 
in the case of a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note, against 
presentation of the relevant Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note at 
the specified office of any of the Paying Agents outside the United States and, in 
the case of a Temporary Global Note, upon due certification as required therein; 
(B) 
in the case of Definitive Notes without Coupons attached thereto at the time of 
their initial delivery, against presentation of the relevant Definitive Notes at the 
specified office of any of the Paying Agents outside the United States; and 
(C) 
in the case of Definitive Notes delivered with Coupons attached thereto at the 
time of the initial delivery, against surrender of the relevant Coupons at the 
specified office of any of the Paying Agents outside the United States. 
(iv) 
If the due date for payment of any amount due (whether in respect of principal, interest or 
otherwise) in respect of any Bearer Notes is not a Business Day, then the Holder thereof 
will not be entitled to payment thereof until the next following such Business Day and no 
further payment shall be due in respect of such delay save in the event that there is a 
subsequent failure to pay in accordance with these Conditions. 
(v) 
Each Definitive Note initially delivered with Coupons or Receipts attached thereto should 
be surrendered for final redemption together with all unmatured Coupons or Receipts 
appertaining thereto, failing which:

--- Page 140 ---
- 125 - 
(A) 
in the case of Definitive Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate or rates, the 
amount of any missing unmatured Coupons will be deducted from the amount 
otherwise payable on such final redemption, the amount so deducted being 
payable against surrender of the relevant Coupon at the specified office of any of 
the Paying Agents at any time prior to the tenth anniversary of the due date of 
such final redemption or, if later, the fifth anniversary of the date of maturity of 
such Coupon; and 
(B) 
in the case of Definitive Notes which bear interest at, or at a margin above or 
below, a floating rate, all unmatured Coupon relating to such Definitive Notes 
(whether or not surrendered therewith) shall become void and no payment shall 
be made thereafter in respect of them. 
(C) 
in the case of Bearer Notes initially delivered with Receipts attached thereto, all 
Receipts relating to such Bearer Notes in respect of a payment of an Instalment 
Amount which (but for such redemption) would have fallen due on a date after 
such due date for redemption (whether or not surrendered therewith) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made thereafter in respect of them. 
(b) 
Payments – Registered Notes 
(i) 
This Condition 9(b) is applicable in relation to Registered Notes. 
(ii) 
Payments of amounts (including accrued interest) due on the final redemption of 
Registered Notes will be made against presentation and, save in the case of a partial 
redemption by reason of insufficiency of funds, surrender of the relevant Registered Notes 
at the specified office of the Registrar.  If the due date for payment of any amount due 
(whether in respect of principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of Registered Notes is 
not a Business Day, the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until the 
next following such Business Day and no further payment shall be due in respect of such 
delay save in the event that there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with these 
Conditions. 
(iii) 
Payment of amounts (whether principal, interest or otherwise) due (other than in respect 
of the final redemption of Registered Notes) in respect of Registered Notes will be paid to 
the Holders thereof (or, in the case of joint Holders, the first-named) as appearing in the 
register kept by the Registrar as at opening of business (New York time) on the fifteenth 
New York Banking Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date"). 
(iv) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 9(g)(ii), payments of interest due (other than 
in respect of the final redemption of Registered Notes) in respect of Registered Notes will 
be made by a cheque drawn on a bank in the Relevant Financial Centre and posted to the 
address (as recorded in the register held by the Registrar) of the Holder thereof, (or, in the 
case of joint Holders, the first-named) on the Business Day immediately preceding the 
relevant date for payment unless prior to the relevant Record Date the Holder thereof (or, 
in the case of joint Holders, the first named) has applied to the Registrar and the Registrar 
has acknowledged such applications for payment to be made to a designated account (in 
the case aforesaid, a non-resident account with an authorised foreign exchange bank). 
(c) 
Payments – Swiss Franc Notes 
This Condition 9(c) is applicable in relation to Swiss Franc Notes. 
Payment of principal and/or interest shall be made in freely disposable Swiss francs without 
collection costs in Switzerland to the Noteholders and/or Couponholders, without any restrictions, 
whatever the circumstances may be, irrespective of nationality, domicile or residence of the 
Noteholders and/or Couponholders and without requiring any certification, affidavit or the 
fulfilment of any other formality. 
Payment to the Swiss Paying Agent by the Issuer and the receipt by the Swiss Paying Agent of the 
due and punctual payment of the funds in Swiss francs in Switzerland shall release the Issuer of its 
obligations under the Notes and Coupons for the purposes of payment of principal and interest due 
on the respective payment dates to the extent of such payments.

--- Page 141 ---
- 126 - 
(d) 
Payments – VP Notes 
This Condition 9(d) is applicable in relation to VP Notes. 
Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of the VP Notes shall be made to the Holders as 
appearing registered in the register kept by the VP as such on the fifth business day (as defined by 
the then applicable VP Rules) before the due date for such payment, such day being a Danish 
Business Day, or such other business day falling closer to the due date as then may be stipulated 
in VP Rules and will be made in accordance with said VP Rules.  Such day shall be the "Record 
Date" in respect of the VP Notes in accordance with VP Rules. 
(e) 
Payments – VPS Notes 
This Condition 9(e) is applicable in relation to VPS Notes. 
Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of the VPS Notes shall be made to the Holders 
registered as such on the fifth business day (as defined by the then applicable VPS Rules) shown 
in the relevant records of the VPS before the due date for such payment, or such other business day 
falling closer to the due date as then may be stipulated in the VPS Rules and will be made in 
accordance with said VPS Rules.  Such day shall be the "Record Date" in respect of the VPS Notes 
in accordance with the VPS Rules. 
(f) 
Payments – Swedish Notes 
This Condition 9(f) is applicable in relation to Swedish Notes. 
Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of the Swedish Notes shall be made to the Holders 
as appearing registered in the Euroclear Sweden Register as such on the fifth business day (as 
defined by the then applicable Euroclear Sweden Rules) before the due date for such payment, 
such day being a Stockholm Business Day, or such other business day falling closer to the due date 
as then may be stipulated in Euroclear Sweden Rules and will be made in accordance with said 
Euroclear Sweden Rules.  Such day shall be the "Record Date" in respect of the Swedish Notes in 
accordance with Euroclear Sweden Rules. 
(g) 
Payments – General Provisions 
(i) 
Save as otherwise specified herein, this Condition 9 is applicable in relation to Notes 
whether in bearer or in registered form. 
(ii) 
Subject to the provisions below, payments of amounts due (whether in respect of principal, 
interest or otherwise) in respect of Notes denominated in a currency other than euro will 
be made by cheque drawn on, or by transfer to, an account maintained by the payee with, 
a bank in the Relevant Financial Centre and in respect of a Note denominated in euro by 
cheque drawn on, or by transfer to, an euro account (or any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal 
financial centre of any Member State of the European Union.  Payments will, without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8, be subject in all cases to (i) any applicable 
fiscal or other laws and regulations and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant 
to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended (the "Code") or otherwise required pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
Payments in Renminbi will be made by credit or transfer to an account denominated in 
that currency and maintained by the payee with a bank in Hong Kong in accordance with 
applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to time (including all 
applicable laws and regulations with respect to settlement in Renminbi in Hong Kong).  
Payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant Renminbi amount, determined in 
accordance with the Conditions, will be made by credit or transfer to a U.S. dollar account 
(or any other account to which U.S. dollar may be credited or transferred) specified by the 
payee or, at the option of the payee, by a U.S. dollar cheque, provided, however, that no 
payment will be made by transfer to an account in, or by cheque mailed to an address in, 
the United States.

--- Page 142 ---
- 127 - 
(iii) 
This Condition 9(g)(iii) applies to Renminbi Notes only. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if by reason of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or 
Illiquidity, the Issuer is not able to satisfy payments of principal or interest in respect of 
Renminbi Notes when due in Renminbi, the Issuer may settle any such payment in U.S. 
dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi amount. Upon 
the determination that a condition of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity 
prevails, the Issuer shall no later than 10:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate 
Calculation Date, (i) notify the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents, and (ii) notify 
the Holders in accordance with Condition 14 of such determination. 
Any payment made in the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of a Renminbi amount under this 
Condition 9(g)(iii) will constitute valid payment, and will not constitute a default in 
respect of the Renminbi Notes. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this by 
the Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and all Holders of Notes and Holders of 
Coupons. 
10. 
Prescription 
(a) 
Bearer Notes and the related Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within 10 
years (or, in the case of Coupons and save as provided in Condition 9(a)(v), five years) after the 
due date for payment. 
(b) 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Registered Notes will be prescribed unless made within 10 
years (or, in the case of claims in respect of interest, five years) after the due date for payment. 
11. 
The Paying Agents and the Registrar 
The initial Paying Agents and Registrar and their respective initial specified offices are specified 
below.  The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying 
Agent (including the Fiscal Agent) or the Registrar and to appoint additional or other Paying 
Agents or another Registrar provided that it will at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a 
Registrar, (iii) a Paying Agent with a specified office in continental Europe but outside the Relevant 
Jurisdiction, (iv) so long as any VP Notes are cleared through VP, the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and 
the VP Issuing Agent shall have the respective rights and obligations arising under the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement and no other Paying Agent shall have any rights and obligations in relation 
thereto, (v) so long as any VPS Notes are cleared through VPS, a Paying Agent with a specified 
office in Norway; (vi) so long as any Swedish Notes are cleared through Euroclear Sweden, an 
Issuing Agent with a specified office in Sweden; and (vii) in respect of the Swiss Franc Notes, a 
Paying Agent having its specified office in Switzerland and at no time maintain a Paying Agent 
having its specified office outside of Switzerland.  The Paying Agents and the Registrar reserve 
the right at any time to change their respective specified offices to some other specified office in 
the same city.  Notice of all changes in the identities or specified offices of the Paying Agents or 
the Registrar will be notified promptly to the Holders. 
12. 
Replacement of Notes 
If any Note, Receipt or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes and Coupons) or of the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes), subject to all applicable laws and the requirements of 
any stock exchange and/or listing authority on which the relevant Notes are listed, upon payment 
by the claimant of all expenses incurred in such replacement and upon such terms as to evidence, 
security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar may require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts and Coupons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be delivered. 
13. 
Meetings of Holders

--- Page 143 ---
- 128 - 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions, which are binding on the Issuer and the Holders 
of Notes or Coupons, for convening meetings of the Holders of Notes of any Series to consider 
matters affecting their interests, including the modification or waiver of the Conditions applicable 
to any Series of Notes. Any modification or waiver of the Conditions which affects the Notes will 
be effected in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations. 
In relation to VPS Notes only, meetings of Holders shall be held in accordance with the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement and in compliance with the relevant regulations of the VPS.  For the purposes 
of a meeting of Holders, the person named in the certificate from the VPS or the VPS Paying Agent 
shall be treated as the Holder specified in such certificate provided that he has given an 
undertaking not to transfer the VPS Notes so specified (prior to the close of the meeting) and the 
VPS Paying Agent shall be entitled to assume that any such undertaking is validly given, shall not 
enquire as to its validity and enforceability, shall not be obliged to enforce any such undertaking 
and shall be entitled to rely on the same. 
In relation to Swedish Notes only, meetings of Holders shall be held in accordance with the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement. 
14. 
Notices 
(a) 
To Holders of Bearer Notes 
Notices to Holders of Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
daily newspaper having general circulation in the United Kingdom (which is expected to be the 
Financial Times) or, in the case of a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note if delivered 
to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the persons shown in 
their respective records as having interests therein provided that, in the case of Notes admitted to 
listing and/or trading on any stock exchange, the requirements of such stock exchange or listing 
authority have been complied with.  Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given 
on the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the date of first such 
publication) or, as the case may be, on the fourth Business Day after the date of such delivery. 
(b) 
To Holders of Registered Notes 
Notices to Holders of Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail to them (or, in the case of joint Holders, to the first-named in the register kept by the Registrar) 
at their respective addresses as recorded in the Register kept by the Registrar, and will be deemed 
to have been validly given on the fourth Business Day after the date of such mailing. 
(c) 
To the Issuer 
Notices to the Issuer will be deemed to be validly given if delivered to the Issuer's Swedish branch 
at Smålandsgatan 17, SE-105 71, Stockholm, Sweden and clearly marked on their exterior 
"Urgent—Attention:  Group Treasury" (or at such other address and for such other attention as 
may have been notified to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with this Condition 14) and will 
be deemed to have been validly given at the opening of business on the next day on which the 
Issuer's principal office is open for business. 
(d) 
Notices in respect of Swiss Franc Notes 
Notices in respect of Swiss Franc Notes will, so long as the Notes are listed on the SIX Swiss 
Exchange and the rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange so require, be deemed to have been given if 
published by the Swiss Paying Agent at the expense of the Issuer, (i) by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the SIX Swiss Exchange under the section headed "Official 
Notices" where notices are currently published under the address: https://www.six-
group.com/exchanges/news/official_notices/search_en.html or (ii) otherwise in accordance with 
the regulations of the SIX Swiss Exchange. Notices shall be deemed to be validly given on the date 
of such publication or, if published more than once, on the date of the first such publication. 
For Swiss Franc Notes that are not listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, notices to Noteholders shall 
be given by communication through the Swiss Paying Agent to SIS (or such other intermediary) 
for forwarding to the Holders of the Notes. Any notice so given shall be deemed to be validly given 
with the communication to SIS (or such other intermediary).

--- Page 144 ---
- 129 - 
(e) 
Notices in respect of VP Notes 
Notices in respect of VP Notes will be in writing and shall be addressed to such Holders of the VP 
Notes at the address appearing in the register maintained by VP in accordance with the VP Rules. 
(f) 
Notices in respect of VPS Notes 
Notices in respect of VPS Notes will be in writing, sent by first class mail or electronic mail, 
addressed to such Holders at the address appearing in the VPS Register in accordance with the 
VPS Rules, and will be deemed to have been validly given on the fourth Business Day after the 
date of such mailing. 
(g) 
Notices in respect of Swedish Notes 
Notices in respect of Swedish Notes will be in writing, addressed to such Holders at the address 
appearing in Euroclear Sweden Register maintained by the Swedish Issuing Agent in accordance 
with Euroclear Sweden Rules, and will be deemed to have been validly given on the fourth 
Business Day after the date of such mailing. 
15. 
Provision of Information 
In relation to VP Notes, each Holder agrees and gives consent to the VP to provide to the VP 
Issuing Agent, upon request, information registered with the VP relating to the VP Notes and the 
Holders of the VP Notes in order that the VP Issuing Agent may provide any relevant Danish 
authorities, including the Financial Supervisory Authority of Denmark (Finanstilsynet) and the 
Danish tax authorities with any information required under applicable Danish laws.  Such 
information shall include, but not be limited to, the identity of the holder of the VP Notes, the 
residency of the holder of the VP Notes, the number of VP Notes of the relevant holder and the 
address of the relevant holder. 
In relation to VPS Notes, each Holder agrees and gives consent to the VPS to provide to the VPS 
Paying Agent, upon request, information registered with the VPS relating to the VPS Notes and 
the Holders of the VPS Notes in order that the VPS Paying Agent may provide any relevant 
Norwegian authorities, including the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet) 
and the Norwegian tax authorities with any information required under applicable Norwegian laws.  
Such information shall include, but not be limited to, the identity of the registered holder of the 
VPS Notes, the residency of the registered holder of the VPS Notes, the number of VPS Notes 
registered with the relevant holder, the address of the relevant holder, the account operator in 
respect of the relevant VPS account (Kontofører) and whether or not the VPS Notes are registered 
in the name of a nominee and the identity of any such nominee. 
In relation to Swedish Notes, each Holder agrees and gives consent to Euroclear Sweden to provide 
to the Swedish Issuing Agent, upon request, information registered with Euroclear Sweden relating 
to the Swedish Notes and the Holders of the Swedish Notes in order that the Swedish Issuing Agent 
may provide any relevant Swedish authorities, including the Financial Supervisory Authority of 
Sweden (Finansinspektionen) and the Swedish tax authorities with any information required under 
applicable Swedish laws.  Such information shall include, but not be limited to, the identity of the 
registered holder of the Swedish Notes, the residency of the registered holder of the Swedish Notes, 
the number of Swedish Notes registered with the relevant holder, the address of the relevant holder, 
the account operator in respect of the relevant Euroclear Sweden account (Kontoförande) and 
whether or not the Swedish Notes are registered in the name of a nominee and the identity of any 
such nominee. 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Holders of any Notes of any Series 
create and issue further Notes and other debt securities having terms and conditions the same as 
those of the Notes of such Series or the same except for the amount of the first payment of interest 
(if any), which may be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes of such 
Series. 
17. 
Substitution and Variation

--- Page 145 ---
- 130 - 
If this Condition 17 is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, at any time following 
the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event, a Tax Event, an MREL Disqualification Event or a 
Capital Event, or to ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 20 (Acknowledgement 
of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers), the Issuer may, subject to the Applicable Banking 
Regulations (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders) and having given 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent (in accordance with the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement) and the Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at any time, either:  
(a) 
substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes for new Notes, which are 
Qualifying Securities, or  
(b) 
vary the terms of the relevant Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Qualifying Securities,  
provided that, in each case, (i) such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right 
of the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities and (ii) such variation or substitution 
would not itself directly lead to a downgrade in any of the credit ratings of the relevant Notes as 
assigned to such Notes by any Rating Agency immediately prior to such variation or substitution 
(unless any such downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 20 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers)) and (iii) such variation 
or substitution is not materially less favourable to holders (unless any such prejudice is solely 
attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 20 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in 
and Loss Absorption Powers)).  For the avoidance of doubt, any such substitution or variation shall 
not be deemed to be a modification or amendment for the purposes of Condition 13 (Meetings of 
Holders). 
For the purpose of this Condition 17 a variation or substitution shall be "materially less favourable 
to holders" if such varied or substituted securities do not: 
(i) 
include a ranking at least equal to that of the relevant Notes pursuant to Condition 4(a), 
Condition 4(b) or Condition 4(c), as applicable; 
(ii) 
have the same interest rate and the same interest payment dates as those from time to time 
applying to the relevant Notes; 
(iii) 
have equivalent redemption rights as the relevant Notes; 
(iv) 
have the same currency of payment, maturity, denomination and original aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount as the relevant Notes prior to such variation or substitution; 
(v) 
preserve any existing rights under the relevant Notes to any accrued interest which has not 
been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the interest payment date last 
preceding the date of substitution or variation; or 
(vi) 
have a listing on a recognised stock exchange if the relevant Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution; and 
"Qualifying Securities" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that contain 
terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to qualify towards the Issuer's 
and/or the Nordea Group's eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity (in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes (to the extent that such 
Subordinated Notes have ceased to qualify, in whole but not in part, as Tier 2 Capital)) or Tier 2 
Capital (in the case of Subordinated Notes), in each case for the purposes of, and in accordance 
with, the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations, (in the case of a variation or substitution due 
to a Withholding Tax Event, Tax Event, MREL Disqualification Event or Capital Event) to at least 
the same extent as the Notes prior to the relevant Withholding Tax Event, Tax Event, MREL 
Disqualification Event or Capital Event. 
18. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
The Notes, the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and all non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with any of them are governed by English law except 
for the provisions of Conditions 4(b) or Condition 4(c) and Condition 4(d), to the extent they apply

--- Page 146 ---
- 131 - 
to the relevant Notes, and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them 
shall be governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Relevant Jurisdiction.  
In relation to VP Notes, Danish law and jurisdiction will be applicable with regard to the 
registration of such Notes in the VP and VP Notes must comply with the Danish Capital Markets 
Act, as amended or replaced from time to time, the Danish Executive Order as amended from time 
to time and the VP Rule Book, as amended from time to time. Norwegian law and jurisdiction will 
be applicable with regard to the registration of such VPS Notes in the VPS.  Swedish law and 
jurisdiction will be applicable with regard to the registration of such Swedish Notes in Euroclear 
Sweden and the Swedish Notes must comply with the SFIA Act. 
(b) 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes that the Courts of England 
shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings, and to settle any 
disputes, which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes (including a dispute relating to 
any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes) (respectively, 
"Proceedings" and "Disputes") and, for such purposes, irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of 
such courts.  The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it might now or hereafter have to 
the courts of England being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any Proceedings and to 
settle any Disputes and agrees not to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate 
forum. The submission to the jurisdiction of the Courts of England shall not (and shall not be 
construed so as to) limit the right of the Holders of the Notes or of any of them to take Proceedings 
in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more 
jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or 
not) if and to the extent permitted by applicable law. The Issuer agrees that the process by which 
any Proceedings in England are begun may be served on it by being delivered to Nordea Bank Abp, 
London Branch at its registered address in London from time to time, being presently at 6th Floor, 
5 Aldermanbury Square, London EC2V 7AZ, United Kingdom or, if different, its registered office 
for the time being or at any address of the Issuer in Great Britain at which process may be served 
on it in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.  If such person is not or ceases to be effectively 
appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a 
further person in England to accept service of process on its behalf and, failing such appointment 
within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice 
addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Fiscal Agent.  Nothing contained herein 
shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding that, under the SFIA Act or the operating procedures, rules and regulations of 
Euroclear Sweden (together, the "Swedish Remedies"), Holders of Swedish Notes may have 
remedies against the Issuer for non-payment or non-performance under the Conditions applicable 
to such Swedish Notes, a Swedish Note Holder must first exhaust all available remedies under 
English law for non-payment or non-performance before any Proceedings may be brought against 
the Issuer in Sweden in respect of the Swedish Remedies.  Notwithstanding Condition 18(b) above, 
and in this limited respect only, a Holder of Swedish Notes may therefore not take concurrent 
Proceedings in Sweden. 
19. 
Third Parties Rights 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Notes under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
20. 
Acknowledgement of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Holder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 20, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of the 
Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may 
be subject to the exercise of Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or a 
combination thereof:

--- Page 147 ---
- 132 - 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes on a 
permanent basis; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and the issue 
to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations, including by 
means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; and 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity or perpetual nature of the Notes (as applicable) 
or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest 
becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
to give effect to the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. 
"Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers" means any loss absorption, write-down, conversion, 
transfer, modification, suspension or similar or resolution related power existing from time to time 
under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in 
the Relevant Jurisdiction, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD or the application of the 
SRM Regulation and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created under the BRRD, including 
but not limited to Article 48 of BRRD, or the SRM Regulation, pursuant to which any obligation 
of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a 
temporary period). 
"Relevant Amounts" means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes. References to such amounts 
will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the 
exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any 
Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer and/or the Nordea Group. 
For the avoidance of doubt any exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority will not constitute an event of default or a breach of the Issuer's obligations 
or duties in respect of the Notes, or a failure to perform any of the Issuer's obligations or duties in 
respect of the Notes in any manner whatsoever, and shall not, of itself, entitle Holders to petition 
for the winding up or liquidation of the Issuer.

--- Page 148 ---
- 133 - 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Series of Notes will be used for the general banking and other 
corporate purposes of the Nordea Group. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified 
use of proceeds this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 149 ---
- 134 - 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
The information set out below is subject to changes in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, VP, VPS, Euroclear Sweden or SIS (the "Clearing 
Systems") from time to time.  Investors wishing to use the facilities of any Clearing System must check the 
rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System which are in effect at the relevant time. 
General 
The Notes will be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or, in the case of VP Notes, 
the VP or, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS or, in the case of Swedish Notes, Euroclear Sweden or, in the 
case of Swiss Franc Notes, SIS.  
Euroclear 
The Euroclear System was created in 1968 to hold securities for participants in Euroclear ("Euroclear 
Participants") and to effect transactions between Euroclear Participants through simultaneous book entry 
delivery against payment, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates and any risk 
from lack of simultaneous transfer of securities and cash.  Euroclear Participants include banks (including 
central banks), securities brokers and dealers and other professional financial intermediaries.  Indirect 
access to Euroclear is also available to other firms that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship 
with a Euroclear Participant, either directly or indirectly. 
The Euroclear group reshaped its corporate structure in 2000 and 2001, transforming the Belgian company 
Euroclear Clearance System (Société Coopérative) into Euroclear Bank SA/NV, which now operates the 
Euroclear System. In 2005, a new Belgian holding company, Euroclear SA/NV, was created as the owner 
of all the shared technology and services supplied to each of the Euroclear CSDs and the ICSD.  Euroclear 
SA/NV is owned by Euroclear plc, a company organised under the laws of England and Wales, which is 
owned by market participants using Euroclear services as members. 
As an ICSD, Euroclear provides settlement and related securities services for cross-border transactions 
involving domestic and international bonds, equities, derivatives and investment funds, and offers clients a 
single access point to post-trade services in over 40 markets. 
Distributions with respect to interests in Temporary Global Notes, Permanent Global Notes or Definitive 
Bearer Notes held through Euroclear will be credited to the Euroclear cash accounts of Euroclear 
Participants to the extent received by Euroclear's depositary, in accordance with the Euroclear Terms and 
Conditions.  Euroclear will take any other action permitted to be taken by a holder of any such Temporary 
Global Notes, Permanent Global Notes or Definitive Bearer Notes on behalf of a Euroclear Participant only 
in accordance with the Euroclear Terms and Conditions. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels.   
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Clearstream, Luxembourg located at 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg was incorporated in 
1970 as a limited company under Luxembourg law.  It is registered as a bank in Luxembourg, and as such 
is subject to regulation by the CSSF, which supervises Luxembourg banks. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of 
securities transactions by book entry transfers between their accounts.  Clearstream, Luxembourg provides 
various services, including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded 
securities and securities lending and borrowing.  Clearstream, Luxembourg also deals with domestic 
securities markets in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships.  Over 
300,000 domestic and internationally traded bonds, equities and investment funds are currently deposited 
with Clearstream. Currently, Clearstream, Luxembourg has approximately 2,500 customers in over 110 
countries.  Indirect access to Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions which clear through 
or maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg.

--- Page 150 ---
- 135 - 
VP 
VP is a Danish limited liability company and is subject to the Danish Capital Markets Act, as amended or 
replaced from time to time, the Danish Executive Order, as amended from time to time and the VP Rule 
Book. VP is the central organisation for registering securities in Denmark and is a CSD and Clearing Centre.   
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of Notes in the VP will take place on a registration-
against-payment basis three Copenhagen business days after the date of the relevant transaction.  Transfers 
of interests in a VP Note will take place in accordance with the VP Rules.  Secondary market clearance and 
settlement through Euroclear is possible through depositary links established between the VP and 
Euroclear.  Transfers of Notes held in the VP through Clearstream, Luxembourg are only possible by using 
an account holding institute linked to the VP. 
The address of VP is VP Securities A/S, Weidekampsgade 14, DK-2300 Copenhagen S, Denmark  
VPS 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA ("VPS") is a Norwegian public limited company authorised to register rights to 
financial instruments subject to the legal effects laid down in the Securities Register Act.  VPS clears and 
settles trades in the Norwegian securities market, and provides services relating to stock issues, distribution 
of dividends and other corporate actions for companies registered in VPS. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of Notes in the VPS will take place three Oslo 
business days after the date of the relevant transaction.  Notes in the VPS may be transferred between 
accountholders at the VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations, for the time being, of the 
VPS.  A transfer of Notes which are held in the VPS through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is 
only possible by using an account operator linked to the VPS. 
The address of VPS is Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA, P.O. 4, 0051 
Oslo, Norway. 
Euroclear Sweden 
Euroclear Sweden is a Swedish public company which operates under the supervision of the Swedish 
Financial Supervisory Authority and is authorised as a central securities depository and clearing house.  
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of Notes in Euroclear Sweden will take place three 
Stockholm business days after the date of the relevant transaction.  Notes in Euroclear Sweden may be 
transferred between accountholders at Euroclear Sweden in accordance with the procedures and 
regulations, for the time being, of Euroclear Sweden.  A transfer of Notes which are held in Euroclear 
Sweden through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is only possible by using an account operator 
linked to Euroclear Sweden. 
The address of Euroclear Sweden AB is Euroclear Sweden, Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden. 
SIS 
SIS is a wholly owned subsidiary of SIX Group Ltd., has a license from and is supervised by the Swiss 
Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA. 
SIS acts as the central securities depository and settlement institution for the following Swiss securities: 
equities, government and private sector bonds, money market instruments, exchange traded funds, 
conventional investment funds, structured products, warrants and other derivatives. Apart from providing 
custody and settlement for Swiss securities, SIS acts as global custodian and offers its participants access 
to custody and settlement in foreign financial markets.  SIS offers direct links to other international central 
securities depositories and central securities depositories including Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
The address of SIS is SIX SIS AG, Baslerstrasse 100, CH-4601 Olten, Switzerland.

--- Page 151 ---
- 136 - 
THE NORDEA GROUP 
General 
The Nordea Group is the leading bank in the Nordic markets (Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden) 
measured by total income. The Nordea Group has a large customer base with close to 10 million customers, 
consisting of approximately 9.2 million household customers, 540,000 small and medium-sized corporate 
customers and 2,350 large corporate and institutional customers, in each case as of 31 December 2020. As 
of the same date, the Nordea Group had total assets of EUR 552.2 billion and tier 1 capital of EUR 29.1 
billion, and was the largest Nordic-based asset manager with EUR 353.8 billion in assets under 
management. The Nordea Group's total operating income for the year ended 31 December 2020 was EUR 
8,466 million. 
The Nordea Group offers a comprehensive range of banking and financial products and services to 
household and corporate customers, including financial institutions. The Nordea Group's products and 
services comprise a broad range of household banking services, including mortgages and consumer loans, 
credit and debit cards, and a wide selection of savings, life insurance and pension products. In addition, the 
Nordea Group offers a wide range of corporate banking services, including business loans, cash 
management, payment and account services, risk management products and advisory services, debt and 
equity-related products for liquidity and capital raising purposes, as well as corporate finance, institutional 
asset management services and corporate life and pension products. The Nordea Group also distributes 
general insurance products. With approximately 320 branch office locations, call centres in each of the 
Nordic markets, and a highly competitive net bank, the Nordea Group also has the largest distribution 
network for customers in the Nordic markets. 
Nordea Bank Abp, the parent company of the Nordea Group, is organised under the laws of Finland and is 
headquartered in Helsinki. Its ordinary shares are listed on Nasdaq Nordic, the stock exchanges in Helsinki 
(in euro), Stockholm (in Swedish krona) and Copenhagen (in Danish krone).  
Strategy  
The Nordea Group's strategy is to be a leading Nordic relationship bank. This strategy has three key 
priorities: to drive income growth initiatives, create great customer experiences and optimise operational 
efficiency. The Nordea Group's strategic direction is primarily driven by, and reflective of, the needs of its 
customers and the macroeconomic and regulatory environment in which the Nordea Group and its 
customers operate. Nordea aims to increase the profitability of the Nordea Group in line with the financial 
targets first introduced in October 2019. 
Legal Structure 
Nordea Group 
The following chart sets forth the main legal structure of the Nordea Group as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus:

--- Page 152 ---
- 137 - 
Nordea announced in February 2016 that the board of directors of Nordea Bank AB (publ), together with 
each of the boards of directors of Nordea Bank Danmark A/S, Nordea Bank Finland Plc and Nordea Bank 
Norge ASA, had signed cross-border merger plans (together, the "2017 Subsidiary Merger Plans"). In 
March 2016, the general meeting of Nordea Bank AB (publ) approved the 2017 Subsidiary Merger Plans 
that were entered into with the aim to convert Nordea Bank AB (publ)'s Danish, Finnish and Norwegian 
subsidiary banks to branches of Nordea Bank AB (publ) by means of cross-border mergers (the "2017 
Subsidiary Mergers"). The 2017 Subsidiary Mergers took effect on 2 January 2017 under applicable 
national legislation implementing the European Cross Border Mergers Directive (2005/56/EC) and Nordea 
Bank Danmark A/S, Nordea Bank Finland Plc and Nordea Bank Norge ASA ceased to exist, with their 
operations being carried out in branches of Nordea Bank AB (publ). On 1 October 2016, as part of the 2017 
Subsidiary Mergers process, a new mortgage credit bank (Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc) was established in 
Finland through a demerger of Nordea Bank Finland Plc to continue the covered bond operations conducted 
by Nordea Bank Finland Plc. Nordea believes that the simplified legal structure has strengthened 
governance and supports the Nordea Group's work to increase agility, efficiency and economies of scale. 
In September 2017, the board of directors of Nordea Bank AB (publ) decided to initiate the Re-
domiciliation, that is, the re-domiciliation of the parent company of the Nordea Group from Sweden to 
Finland, which is participating in the EU's banking union. The Re-domiciliation was carried out through a 
cross-border reversed merger by way of absorption through which Nordea Bank AB (publ), the parent 
company of the Nordea Group before the Re-domiciliation, was merged into its wholly owned subsidiary 
Nordea Bank Abp (i.e., the Merger). Nordea Bank Abp was established specifically for the purpose of the 
Merger and became the new parent company of the Nordea Group upon the completion of the Merger on 1 
October 2018. Nordea Bank AB (publ)'s rights and obligations as well as its assets and liabilities were by 
operation of law transferred to Nordea Bank Abp on the completion of the Merger by way of universal 
succession in accordance with relevant Finnish and Swedish corporate law.  
Overview of the Merger 
The merger plan (the "Merger Plan"), which set out the terms and conditions and related procedures for 
the Merger, was signed by the boards of directors of Nordea Bank AB (publ) and Nordea Bank Abp in 
October 2017. Pursuant to the Merger Plan, Nordea Bank AB (publ) was to be merged into Nordea Bank 
Abp through the Merger, which was executed as a cross-border reversed merger by way of absorption 
pursuant to the provisions of Chapter 16, Sections 19–28 of the Finnish Companies Act and, as applicable, 
Chapter 2 of the Finnish Commercial Banking Act (Fi: laki liikepankeista ja muista osakeyhtiömuotoisista 
luottolaitoksista (1501/2001)) as well as Chapter 23, Section 36 (with further reference) of the Swedish 
Companies Act and Chapter 10, Sections 18–25 b of the Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act. 
Nordea Kredit 
Realkredit-
aktieselskab 
Denmark 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Finland 
Nordea 
Livförsäkring 
Sverige AB 
(publ) 
Sweden 
Nordea Life 
Assurance 
Finland Ltd 
Finland 
Livsforsikrings
selskapet 
Nordea Liv 
Norge AS 
Norway
Nordea Finans 
Danmark A/S 
Denmark 
Nordea Bank 
Abp, filial i 
Sverige 
Sweden 
Nordea 
Investment 
Management 
AB 
Nordea 
Mortgage Bank 
Plc 
Finland 
Nordea 
Eiendoms- 
kreditt AS 
Norway 
Nordea 
Hypotek AB 
(publ) 
Sweden 
Nordea Finans 
Sverige AB 
(publ) 
Sweden 
Nordea 
Danmark, 
Filial af 
Nordea Bank 
Abp, Finland 
Denmark 
Nordea Bank 
Abp, filial i  
Norge 
Norway 
Nordea 
Investment  
Funds S.A. 
Luxembourg 
JSC  
Nordea Bank 
Russia 
 
 
 
Branch – Nordea Bank Abp also operates branches in China, Estonia, 
Poland, Singapore, United Kingdom and United States. 
Legal entity. 
Holding company. 
________________ 
(1) 
In liquidation as of 14 November 2019. 
(2) 
Up to 27 February 2020 named Gjensidige Bank ASA. Nordea Bank Abp and Gjensidige Bank ASA signed a merger plan on 12 June 2019. The remaining business of Nordea Direct Bank ASA
is expected to be merged into Nordea Bank Abp, subject to regulatory approval, between 1 May 2021 and 1 July 2021, with 1 June 2021 as the target date. 
Nordea Finance 
Finland Ltd 
Finland 
Nordea Finans 
Norge AS 
Norway 
LLC 
Promyshlennay
a Kompaniya 
Vestkon 
Russia
Nordea  
    Bank S.A.(1) 
Luxembourg 
Nordea  
Funds Ltd 
Finland 
Nordea Direct 
    Bank ASA(2) 
Norway 
Nordea Direct 
Boligkreditt AS 
Norway 
Nordea Life 
Holding AB 
Sweden 
Nordea Asset 
Management 
Holding AB 
Sweden 
Swedish branch 
Danish Branch

--- Page 153 ---
- 138 - 
Nordea Bank AB (publ) was automatically dissolved on 1 October 2018, which was the date on which the 
Merger was registered with the Finnish Trade Register (i.e., the Completion Date). For accounting and legal 
purposes, Nordea Bank AB (publ)'s rights and obligations as well as its assets and liabilities were by 
operation of law transferred to Nordea Bank Abp on the Completion Date by way of universal succession 
in accordance with relevant Finnish and Swedish corporate law and the transactions of Nordea Bank AB 
were treated as being those of Nordea Bank Abp. 
Nordea Bank AB (publ)'s shareholders received as merger consideration one new share in Nordea Bank 
Abp for each share in Nordea Bank AB (publ) that they owned as of the Completion Date (the "Merger 
Consideration"), meaning that the Merger Consideration was issued to the shareholders of Nordea Bank 
AB (publ) in proportion to their existing shareholding with an exchange ratio of 1:1. 
Closure of Nordea Bank Russia 
In accordance with its strategy, Nordea is focusing on its business in the Nordic region. Consequently, the 
Group has decided to wind down its operations in Russia. On 24 March 2021 the Extraordinary General 
Meeting of JSC Nordea Bank decided to initiate the voluntary liquidation process, which was approved by 
the Central Bank of Russia on 16 April 2021. 
Nordea Group's Organisation 
Overview 
The Nordea Group's organisational structure is built around four main business areas: Personal Banking, 
Business Banking, Large Corporates & Institutions and Asset & Wealth Management. In addition to the 
business areas, the Nordea Group's organisation includes Group Functions and Other, which covers the 
following seven Group functions: Group Business Support, Group Finance, Group Risk & Compliance, 
Chief of Staff Office, Group Legal, Group People and Group Brand, Communication & Marketing.  
Business Areas  
The following chart sets forth the Nordea Group's organisation as of the date of this Base Prospectus:

--- Page 154 ---
- 139 -

--- Page 155 ---
- 140 - 
Personal Banking 
The Personal Banking business area serves the Nordea Group's household customers through various 
channels offering a full range of financial services and solutions. The Nordea Group's aim is for Personal 
Banking customers to entrust Nordea with all their banking business.  
Within Personal Banking, the Nordea Group operates a multi-channel distribution strategy in the household 
customer segment to ensure that household customers can access the bank where, when and how it suits 
them. The three core channels of Personal Banking's distribution strategy are branches, remote channels 
(e.g., contact centre, e-branches) and digital channels (e.g., internet bank, mobile bank). Through the 
Nordea Group's common customer relationship system, the three distribution channels are integrated so 
that recording of customer interaction in one channel is simultaneously available in all other channels.  
Personal Banking comprises the customer units (Personal Banking Denmark, Personal Banking Finland, 
Personal Banking Norway, Personal Banking Sweden), Products & Development, Consumer Finance & 
Digital Sales, One Digital and Personal Banking COO Organisation. The Products & Development unit is 
responsible for lending and deposit products and related product offerings for household customers. The 
mortgage companies in all four Nordic countries also belong to the Products & Development unit. The 
Consumer Finance unit manages the consumer finance business in collaboration with the country banking 
units and includes digital sales and consumer lending teams. The ambition is to establish new and scale 
existing consumer finance business. One Digital develops and delivers digital services, solutions and 
experiences for all customers within Nordea, even though the unit is anchored in Personal Banking. This 
primarily covers mobile banking, Nordea's netbanks, Nora and Nova, the platform for digital sales, digital 
design and digital customer experience. The Personal Banking COO Organisation provides internal support 
to all Personal Banking units by maintaining and developing the core Personal Banking systems and the 
banking platforms. 
Business Banking 
Business Banking (up to December 2019 named Commercial & Business Banking) serves, advises and 
partners with corporate customers, covering all their business needs through a full range of services, 
including payments, cash management, cards, working capital management and finance solutions. The 
customers of the business area are serviced out of physical and online branches across the Nordic region. 
In the second quarter of 2018, Nordea merged the divisions Commercial Banking and Business Banking 
into one customer responsible division, Nordea Business Banking. Nordea Business Banking is the 
customer responsible unit within Business Banking serving small and mid- to large corporate customers. 
The customers serviced by Business Banking are small, mid-sized and large corporates, with a range of 
different needs. Therefore, the customer base is segmented into two main customer clusters such that each 
segment has similar business needs. Business Banking's organisation is divided into the following parts: 
Business Banking Denmark, Business Banking Finland, Business Banking Norway, Business Banking 
Sweden, Transaction Banking, Nordea Finance and the Business Banking COO Organisation.  
Transaction organisation provides services to all personal and corporate customers across the Nordic region. 
Services include payments, cash management, cards, mobile payments, trade finance, point of sale 
financing, and working capital management. Nordea Finance provides sales financing, equipment 
investment financing and asset-based financing solutions to customers. The Business Banking COO 
Organisation has the responsibility across a number of key functions, service development, data 
management and operations that support Business Banking, Transaction Banking and Nordea Finance.  
The primary strategic objective of Business Banking is to transform the way it services customers in order 
to remain relevant to them, while at the same time structuring the Nordea Group's operations in a way that 
generates cost efficiencies and quality gains. To achieve this objective, the strategic focus areas of Business 
Banking support existing targets and strategies, including (i) best-in-class advisory – tailored to customer 
needs and preferences; (ii) best-in-class digital experience – anywhere and anytime; (iii) efficiency and 
scale – one Nordic model; and (iv) future capabilities in a disruptive market – sustainable competitiveness.  
Large Corporates & Institutions 
Large Corporates & Institutions (up to December 2019 named Wholesale Banking) provides financial 
solutions to large Nordic and international corporate and institutional customers. The offering includes a 
diverse range of financing, cash management and payment services, investment banking, capital markets

--- Page 156 ---
- 141 - 
products and securities services. The Large Corporates & Institutions business area includes the business 
units Large Corporates & Institutions in each of the four Nordic countries ("LC&I"), Private Equity & 
International Institutions, Investment Banking & Equities, Markets, as well as Balance Sheet & Portfolio 
Management, International Division & Russia, and Large Corporates & Institutions COO Organisation. 
By combining the entire value chain from customer units through product units to operations, Large 
Corporates & Institutions can leverage from the scale and quality of its franchise and create great customer 
experiences for Nordic as well as designated international customers. Value-adding solutions provide the 
Nordea Group's customers with access to financing in the capital markets and with tailored financial tools 
to optimise their business and manage their risks.  
Large Corporates & Institutions is a customer-responsible organisation serving the largest corporate and 
institutional customers and offers a full range of banking services, providing customers with integrated 
advisory and competitive financial solutions within mergers and acquisitions, equity capital markets, debt 
capital markets, cash management, leveraged finance, project finance, export and trade finance and custody 
services. Large Corporates & Institutions performs client coordination and loan coverage through four 
units, covering each of the Nordic countries (LC&I Denmark, LC&I Finland, LC&I Norway and LC&I 
Sweden) as well as through the unit Private Equity & International Institutions. The LC&I units serve 
corporate and institutional customers with a strong customer centric focus through the Nordea Group's 
Large Corporates & Institutions Customer Service Model. LC&I Norway also services the shipping, 
offshore, oil services, and cruise and ferries industries globally.  
Private Equity & International Institutions operates cross Nordic and serves customers within leverage 
finance and custody and also international institutions. Investment Banking & Equities offers a full range 
of banking services, providing customers with integrated advisory and competitive financial solutions 
within i a mergers & acquisitions, equity capital markets, debt capital markets, cash management, project 
finance, export & trade finance and custody services. 
Markets covers all product areas within fixed income and currencies (foreign exchange and derivatives) in 
which Markets specialists advise customers or execute customer trades. Sales and distribution of fixed 
income and foreign exchange and associated derivatives. The unit is also responsible for the Nordea Group's 
institutional clients. Markets provides fixed income products, currency products and other risk management 
products including intermediation of credit and capital.  
The International Division & Russia includes the Nordea branches in New York, London, Singapore and 
Shanghai as well as Nordea Bank in Russia and the International Credit Desk. The division offers a 
comprehensive range of products and services to Corporates, Institutions & Investment Banking customers 
and Business Banking customers. The Singapore operations are being wound down and it has been decided 
to close the operations in Russia.  
Asset & Wealth Management 
Asset & Wealth Management provides investment, savings and risk management solutions to high net 
worth individuals and institutional investors and delivers savings solutions to all Nordea customer 
segments. The results of the Nordea Group's asset and wealth management operations were reported under 
the business area Wealth Management up to the second quarter of 2018, after which the Nordea Group 
reorganised the business area and renamed it Asset & Wealth Management. Asset & Wealth Management 
consists of the following units: Asset Management, Wealth Management, Life & Pension, Investment 
Centre, Digital Wealth and COO and Funds. 
Asset Management, which is responsible for actively managed investment funds and discretionary 
mandates for institutional clients. The division includes units Fixed Income & Equities, Multi Asset, 
Operations & Technology, Product Office, Institutional & Wholesale Distribution, Finance, Governance 
and Management Support. 
Wealth Management is organised in four units, one in each Nordic country, which each includes Private 
Banking units and Investment and Securities Advisory units and provides customers with private banking 
services and investment advice from over 60 branches in the Nordic region. The Nordea Group operates its 
Private Banking business through an integrated model with Personal Banking. The Nordea Group believes 
that this integrated operating model enables it to fully leverage the distribution capabilities and customer 
base of the whole Group as well as to utilise the investment and product development competencies in 
Nordea. In addition to its Nordic Private Banking operations, the Nordea Group engages in International

--- Page 157 ---
- 142 - 
Private Banking operations that are targeted to both customers of a Nordic origin domiciled outside the 
Nordic region and international customers of non-Nordic origin. In January 2018, Nordea announced that 
it had entered into an agreement with UBS Europe regarding the acquisition by UBS Europe of part of 
Nordea's Luxembourg-based private banking business and its integration onto UBS Europe's advisory 
platform. Assets under management for the divested private banking business as of 31 December 2017 
amounted to EUR 13 billion. On 15 October 2018, Nordea announced that the transaction had been 
completed. 
Life & Pension serves both the individual and the corporate customers segments with traditional as well as 
unit-linked products and providing life insurance, pensions products and services, Nordea Funds providing 
funds to the Nordea distribution network and Digital Wealth responsible for developing digital savings 
offerings. Life & Pension is an insurance group and a leading provider of life insurance, pension products 
and services in eight countries in Europe. Life & Pension serves both the individual and corporate segments 
with traditional as well as unit-linked products. The customers are served through banking branches, Life 
& Pension's own sales force or via tied agents, brokers and to a small extent other financial institutions. 
The operations are conducted through legal entities, most of which are wholly owned by Nordea Life 
Holding AB. 
Investment Center supports all customer segments in Nordea with advisory concepts, asset allocation, 
product portfolios, processes, tools and savings support.  Digital Wealth supports the customer responsible 
units in developing and running the savings business efficiently and with an omni-channel approach. 
Asset & Wealth Management COO and Funds aims to secure efficient operations and solutions for Asset 
& Wealth Management with an even stronger focus on customers and business, including within business 
risk management. This is conducted by Asset & Wealth Management COO as a key interface between the 
supporting group function units and operation units in Asset & Wealth Management.  
Group Functions  
Group Business Support  
Group Business Support provides the business areas with the services, data and technology infrastructure, 
and three largest processes (lending operations, credit process and anti-money laundering processes needed) 
and drives optimisation of operational efficiencies. Group Business Support, includes the units Technology, 
Group Data Management Office, Operations, the Core Banking Platform, Group Architecture, Group Credit 
Management and Group Financial Crime Prevention and Group Workplace Management. The organisation 
is responsible for ensuring one operating model at Nordea by harmonising processes and services in 
accordance with the Nordea Group's priorities to leverage commonalities and realise synergies. 
Group Finance 
Group Finance comprises Nordea's main financial management units that aim to drive financial 
performance management, provide high-quality and efficient financial reporting and planning across the 
Group, including financial and business control and analysis, to meet business needs and regulatory 
requirements. Group Finance works to secure optimisation and prudent management of funding, capital, 
liquidity and market risks in the banking book as well as one operating model and operational excellence 
across the Nordea Group in the finance processes. Group Finance provides the Nordea Group with Group 
asset and liability management, treasury operations, Group-wide reporting, controlling and procurement 
services and with strategic frameworks to all areas of the bank. Group Finance includes. Among others, 
Group Treasury & ALM, Investor Relations and the financial reporting, accounting and financial 
management units.  
Group Risk & Compliance  
Group Risk & Compliance are the second line of defence responsible for maintaining the Nordea Group's 
internal control framework, including its implementation across the Nordea Group. Group Risk & 
Compliance surveys the flow of risk related information from the business areas and the Group functions 
to the board of directors passes through the Nordea Group's Risk Committee and the Board Risk Committee. 
Reporting from Group Compliance is presented directly to the board of directors as well as discussed in the 
Board Operations and Sustainability Committee.

--- Page 158 ---
- 143 - 
Group Compliance consists of central units as well as business area specific divisions, facilitating and 
overseeing the effectiveness and integrity of Nordea's compliance risk management. Group Compliance 
advises and supports the first line of defence on ways to effectively and efficiently manage compliance 
obligations.  
Group People, Group Legal and Group Brand, Communication & Marketing 
Group People provides strategic partnering, support and service in all people matters. Group Legal provides 
legal services and advice applying Nordic rules and regulations in core legal areas as well as directly 
applicable EU rules in the corresponding areas. Group Brand, Communication & Marketing consists of the 
units Group Communication, Group Marketing and Group Brand and provides servies in the areas of 
communication, marketing and branding. 
Legal and Administrative Proceedings 
During the ordinary course of business, the Nordea Group and the Issuer are subject to threatened or actual 
legal- and administrative proceedings and regulatory reviews and investigations, including proceedings in 
which the Nordea Group or the Issuer, as the case may be, is acting as plaintiff seeking to recover unpaid 
debts owed by defaulting borrowers and other customers, or as respondent in other cases. For example, in 
June 2015 the Danish financial supervisory authority investigated the compliance of Nordea Bank Danmark 
A/S with applicable anti-money laundering regulations. The investigation resulted in criticism and the 
matter was, in accordance with Danish administrative practice, handed over to the Danish police for further 
handling and possible sanctions. The Nordea Group expects to be fined in Denmark for past weaknesses in 
anti-money laundering processes and, consequently, recorded a provision of EUR 95 million for ongoing 
anti-money laundering related matters in 2019. The Nordea Group and the Issuer are also subject to 
administrative claims and tax proceedings from time to time. These types of claims, disputes, legal 
proceedings and investigations expose the Nordea Group and/or the Issuer, as the case may be, to monetary 
damages, direct or indirect costs (including legal costs) direct or indirect financial loss, civil and criminal 
penalties, loss of licences or authorisations, or loss of reputation, criticism or penalties by supervisory 
authorities, as well as the potential for regulatory restrictions on its businesses. See also "Risk Factors—
Risks Relating to the Legal and Regulatory Environments in which the Nordea Group Operates—Legal and 
regulatory claims arise in the conduct of the Nordea Group's business". As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 
12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in such period, 
significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and none of the governmental, 
administrative, legal or arbitration proceedings to which the Nordea Group is party (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the board of directors of the Issuer is aware) have 
had in the previous 12 months or are considered likely to have any significant adverse effect on the Nordea 
Group or its financial position. 
Capital Adequacy and Regulatory Considerations  
General 
As a result of the global financial crisis that extended from August 2007 through the early part of 2009, and 
following a review of the existing regulatory framework, a number of initiatives aimed at tightening the 
regulatory standards applicable to financial institutions, in particular those deemed to be systemically 
important, were introduced. One of the most important regulatory initiatives following the crisis was Basel 
III, which was a comprehensive proposal by the BCBS for reforms to the regulatory capital and liquidity 
framework for internationally active banks. The Basel III framework has been transposed into law in the 
EU by way of the Capital Requirements Directive and the CRR. The CRR applies in all EU Member States 
without further national implementation. Finnish legislation implementing the Capital Requirements 
Directive entered into force in 2014. 
On 7 June 2019, the banking package that comprises of revisions to CRR, the Capital Requirements 
Directive, SRM Regulation as well as BRRD was published in the Official Journal. The banking package 
also included (i) the Creditor Hierarchy Directive and (ii) phase-in arrangements for the regulatory capital 
impact of "IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments" and the ongoing interaction of "IFRS 9 – Financial 
Instruments" with the regulatory framework. The banking package covers multiple areas, including the 
pillar 2 framework, the leverage ratio, mandatory restrictions on distributions, permission for reducing own 
funds and eligible liabilities and macro-prudential tools, the framework for MREL and the integration of 
the FSB TLAC standard into EU legislation. The initial elements entered into force on 27 June 2019.

--- Page 159 ---
- 144 - 
Subject to several exceptions, the main elements of the Capital Requirements Directive became applicable 
on 29 December 2020 and the main elements of CRR II (as defined below) will become applicable on 28 
June 2021. The Finnish national transposition of the Capital Requirements Directive amendments entered 
into force on 1 April 2021. On 26 June 2020, a so-called CRR "quick fix" was implemented with the 
intention to ensure that banks can continue to lend money to support the economy and help mitigate the 
significant economic impact of the coronavirus pandemic. The package includes selected targeted 
amendments to the CRR with the intention to maximise the ability of banks to lend and absorb losses related 
to the coronavirus pandemic. Among the changes, the quick fix implemented the extended SME factor and 
the changed treatment of software at an earlier date then earlier decided. The Creditor Hierarchy Directive 
created a new category of "non-preferred" senior debt and has been implemented as a matter of domestic 
law in Finland primarily through the introduction of updates to the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions that 
took effect as of 15 November 2018 and that regulate, among others, the ranking of "non-preferred" senior 
debt in the bankruptcy of a credit institution. 
Capital Requirements 
Under the CRR, institutions are required to hold a minimum amount of regulatory capital of 8.0 per cent. 
of the REA and, under Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 (the "CRR II"), institutions are also subject to a leverage ratio requirement of 3 per cent. from the 
second quarter of 2021 to be met with tier 1 capital. In addition to this minimum requirement, supervisors 
may add extra capital to cover other risks (thereby increasing the regulatory minimum required under CRD) 
and the Nordea Group may also decide to hold an additional amount of capital. The Capital Requirements 
Directive also imposes capital buffer requirements that are in addition to the minimum capital requirement 
and required to be met with common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital. The Capital Requirements Directive 
imposes certain restrictions, among others, on institutions that fail to meet the combined buffer requirement, 
as described in further detail below. 
The Nordea Group is identified as an Other Systemically Important Institution ("O-SII"). Pursuant to the 
Finnish Act on Credit Institutions (Fi: laki luottolaitostoiminnasta (610/2014)) (the "Finnish Act on Credit 
Institutions"), the buffer is to be set at a level between 0 per cent. and 3 per cent. for O-SIIs. Furthermore, 
a systemic risk buffer within the meaning of Article 133 of the Capital Requirements Directive has been 
implemented into Finnish law through amendments to the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions pursuant to 
which the FFSA may impose a systemic risk buffer of 1 per cent. to 5 per cent. on Finnish credit institutions 
which has been applicable since 1 January 2019. A buffer requirement in excess of 3 per cent. requires the 
approval of the European Commission. 
On 29 June 2018, the FFSA decided to activate the systemic risk buffer in Finland. Under CRD IV, only 
the higher of the systemic risk buffer and O-SII buffer was applicable, but with the implementation of CRD 
V the systemic risk buffer is additive with the O-SII. The systemic risk buffer requirement was set by the 
FFSA at 3 per cent. for the Nordea Group to be met by common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital and was 
applicable from 1 July 2019. However, on 6 April 2020 the Board of the FFSA decided to remove the 
systemic risk buffer and to adjust bank-specific requirements so that the buffer requirements for all Finnish 
banks fell by 1 percentage point as a response to the coronavirus pandemic. As a result, the 3 per cent. 
systemic risk buffer for the Nordea Group was removed and instead the 2 per cent. O-SII buffer became 
applicable. The O-SII buffer for the Nordea Group is set at 2 per cent. to be met by common equity tier 1 
(CET1) capital and has been applicable from 1 January 2019. The Nordea Group's leverage ratio 
requirement is 3 per cent. 
The ECB can also assess the adequacy of the systemic risk buffer set by the FFSA and, should the ECB at 
a later stage consider this buffer not to be adequate, it may set a higher systemic risk buffer requirement. 
Under Article 141 (Restrictions on distributions) of the Capital Requirements Directive (the "Article 141 
Restrictions"), EU Member States must require that institutions that fail to meet the combined buffer 
requirement (broadly, the combination of the capital conservation buffer, the countercyclical capital buffer, 
the institution specific countercyclical buffer, the systemic risk buffer and the higher of (depending on the 
institution) the O-SII or G-SII buffer, in each case as applicable to the institution) will be subject to 
restricted "discretionary payments" (which are defined broadly as payments relating to common equity tier 
1 (CET1) capital, variable remuneration and payments on additional tier 1 instruments) in certain 
circumstances, including a shortfall in meeting its capital buffer requirements or, following full 
implementation of the banking package, a failure to meet the minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities.

--- Page 160 ---
- 145 - 
The restrictions on "discretionary payments" will be scaled according to the extent of the breach of the 
combined buffer requirement and calculated as a percentage of the profits of the institution since the most 
recent decision on distribution of profits or "discretionary payment". Such calculation will result in a MDA 
for the relevant period. As an example, the scaling is such that if the level of a bank's total common equity 
tier 1 (CET1) capital falls within the bottom quartile of the combined buffer requirement, no "discretionary 
payments" will be permitted to be paid. As a consequence, in the event of a breach of the combined buffer 
requirement it may be necessary for Nordea to reduce "discretionary payments", including dividend 
payments on its shares and payments on its additional tier 1 instruments. 
Nordea will, similar to all other banks supervised by the SSM, be allocated pillar 2 add-ons that are split 
between a pillar 2 requirement and pillar 2 guidance. The level of both of these add-ons will be 
communicated by the ECB and the FFSA as part of the formal Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process 
("SREP") by the EU Supervisory College process. On 23 November 2020, Nordea received the results of 
the most recent SREP which confirmed that its pillar 2 requirement of 1.75 per cent. as decided in the SREP 
from 10 December 2019 will remain applicable going forward. On 12 March 2020, the ECB decided to 
amend the composition of the pillar 2 requirement so that it may be met with 56.25 per cent. CET1 and 75 
per cent. Tier 1, as a minimum. This implies a common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio requirement of 
approximately 10.2 per cent., including a minimum common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital requirement of 
4.5 per cent., a pillar 2 requirement of approximately 1.0 per cent., a capital conservation buffer of 
2.5 per cent., a buffer for other systemically important institutions of 2 per cent. and a countercyclical 
buffer of approximately 0.2 per cent.    
Under the banking package, a firm will be deemed not to have met its combined buffer requirement, and 
will become subject to the Article 141 Restrictions, where it does not have own funds and eligible liabilities 
in an amount and quality to meet: (i) its combined buffer requirement, (ii) its 4.5 per cent. pillar 1 common 
equity tier 1 (CET1) capital requirement, (iii) its 6.0 per cent. pillar 1 tier 1 capital requirement, (iv) its 8.0 
per cent. pillar 1 capital requirement, and (v) its MREL requirements. Separately, the banking package also 
states that where an institution fails to meet or exceed its combined buffer requirement, in making 
distributions within the MDA, it must not make distributions relating to common equity tier 1 (CET1) 
capital or variable remuneration payments before having made payments on its additional tier 1 instruments. 
Additionally, under the banking package, a new Article 141a is introduced to better clarify, for the purposes 
of restrictions on distributions, the relationship between the additional own funds requirements, the 
minimum own funds requirements and the combined buffer requirement (the so-called "stacking order"), 
with Article 141 of the Capital Requirements Directive to be amended to reflect the stacking order in the 
calculation of the MDA Under this new provision, an institution such as Nordea will be considered as 
failing to meet the combined buffer requirement for the purposes of Article 141 of the Capital Requirements 
Directive where it does not have own funds and eligible liabilities in an amount and of the quality needed 
to meet at the same time the requirement defined in Article 128(6) of the Capital Requirements Directive 
(i.e., the combined buffer requirement) as well as each of the minimum own funds requirements and the 
additional own funds requirements. In addition, the new Article 16a of the BRRD is introduced to better 
clarify the stacking order between the combined buffer requirement and the MREL requirement. Pursuant 
to this new provision, a resolution authority will have the power to prohibit an entity from distributing more 
than the MDA for own funds and eligible liabilities (calculated in accordance with the proposed Article 
16a(4) of the BRRD) where the combined buffer requirement and the MREL requirement are not met. The 
initial elements of the revisions to the Capital Requirements Directive and the BRRD entered into force on 
27 June 2019. The majority of the amendments were applicable from 18 months after that date, although 
the amendments relating to Article 141b, Article 141c and Article 142(1) of the Capital Requirements 
Directive apply from 1 January 2022. 
Measures Related to Finalisation of Basel III 
On 7 December 2017, the BCBS announced that its oversight body, the Group of Central Bank Governors 
and Heads of Supervision, had endorsed the outstanding Basel III post-crisis regulatory reforms proposed 
by the BCBS. As part of the reform process, the BCBS conducted a review of the standardised approaches 
and internal models of the capital requirement frameworks for credit and operational risk with a view to, 
among other things, reducing mechanistic reliance on external ratings. In addition, the role of internal 
models was reviewed by the BCBS with the aim of improving comparability and addressing excessive 
variability in the capital requirements for credit risk. The BCBS also worked on the design of a capital floor 
framework based on the revised standardised approaches for all risk types. This framework has replaced 
the capital floor for credit institutions using internal models, which was based on the Basel I standard. The 
BCBS also calibrated the floor alongside its other work on revising the risk-based capital framework. In 
addition, the BCBS also conducted a review of trading book capital standards, resulting in new minimum

--- Page 161 ---
- 146 - 
capital requirements for market risk. The revised standards, which require implementation in the EU prior 
to being applicable to the Nordea Group, were initially intended to effect from 1 January 2022 with the 
capital floor being phased in over five years. On 27 March 2020 it was announced that the revised standards 
would be deferred for one year and will therefore start to take effect from 1 January 2023 with a five year 
phase-in for the capital floor. The CRR II does not include the changes to the finalised Basel III as 
announced by BCBS in December 2017, however, the revised market risk framework, as agreed by the 
BCBS in 2016 has been included in the CRR II. The market risk framework has been revised by the BCBS 
in January 2019 and the full market risk framework is, therefore, expected to be implemented with the other 
BCBS changes at a later stage. Given the various regulatory initiatives that are ongoing, it is currently not 
possible to determine the impact on the potential future capital requirements and how they will affect the 
capital position and capital requirements for Nordea or the Nordea Group. Similarly, as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus it is not known when the changes to the finalised Basel III will be implemented and take 
effect in the EU. 
SRM 
As a result of the re-domiciliation of the parent company of the Nordea Group from Sweden to Finland, the 
SRM Regulation is applicable to the Nordea Group. The SRM Regulation establishes the SRB that has 
resolution powers over the institutions that are subject to the SRM Regulation and, thereby, replaces the 
national authorities as the relevant resolution authority with respect to such institutions. Where the SRB 
performs its duties and exercises powers under the SRM Regulation, the SRB is considered to operate as 
the relevant authority under the BRRD. The SRB will prepare and adopt a resolution plan for the entities 
subject to its powers, including the Nordea Group. It will also determine, after consulting competent 
authorities including the ECB, an MREL requirement subject to write-down and conversion powers which 
Nordea will be required to meet at all times. The default MREL requirement consists of two elements: (i) 
a default loss-absorption amount, which reflects the losses that the bank will incur in resolution, and (ii) a 
recapitalisation amount, which reflects the capital needed to meet ongoing prudential requirements after 
resolution. The latter component is complemented by a market confidence charge necessary to ensure 
market confidence post-resolution. Both elements are based on the bank's capital requirements using the 
supervisory data of the previous year. The SRB also expects larger EU banks to meet a minimum 
subordination requirement. G-SIIs are required to meet a minimum subordination level equal to 16 per cent. 
of REA plus the combined buffer requirement, pending further assessment by the SRB of NCWOL risks 
and the final implementation of the banking package. The banking package currently prescribes a minimum 
subordination requirement of 8.0 per cent. of total liabilities (including own funds) subject to a discretion 
for the relevant resolution authority to agree a lower threshold in certain circumstances. The SRB also 
intends to issue targets for loss-absorbing capacity to individual subsidiaries within a banking group. 
In order to improve resolvability, the SRB assesses NCWOL risks and can address such risks by setting a 
potential bank-specific add-on for the subordination requirement. The subordination requirement should 
generally be met by own funds and subordinated MREL eligible liabilities. According to the SRB's MREL 
policy first published on 16 January 2019, subordination levels will be set based on a combination of a 
general level, applicable buffer requirements and a metric, taking account of the bank specific nature of the 
assessment of NCWOL risk in the senior layer. A floor of 14 per cent. of REA plus the combined buffer 
requirement will apply for O-SIIs. As an O-SII, the Nordea Group is subject to the SRB subordination 
requirement. 
As part of the SRM, the EU-wide SRF managed by the SRB was established. The SRF commenced its 
operations as of 1 January 2016. The SRF is a pool of funds provided by the banking sector which will be 
set up to ensure that medium-term funding support is available while a credit institution is being 
restructured. The SRB can use the SRF only for the purpose of ensuring the efficient application of the 
resolution tools and exercise of the resolution powers referred to in the SRM Regulation and in accordance 
with the resolution objectives and the principles governing the resolution referred to in the SRM Regulation. 
The budget of the EU or the national budgets cannot be used to cover expenses or losses of the SRF. Banks, 
including Nordea, will have to make annual contributions to the SRF. The SRM Regulation lays down the 
basic rules on how to calculate the contributions of individual banks to the SRF. 
Capital Adequacy  
The Nordea Group needs to keep sufficient capital to cover all risks taken (required capital) over a 
foreseeable future. In order to do this, the Nordea Group strives to attain efficient use of capital through 
active management of the balance sheet with respect to different asset, liability and risk categories.

--- Page 162 ---
- 147 - 
The Nordea Group uses a variety of capital measurements and capital ratios to manage its capital. The 
Nordea Group calculates its regulatory capital requirements under the CRD framework. The Nordea Group 
is approved by the financial supervisory authorities to use the internal ratings-based (“IRB”) approach 
when calculating the capital requirements for the main part of its credit portfolio. The Nordea Group uses 
the Foundation IRB approach to calculate own funds requirements for exposures towards institutional 
customers. Institutions constituted 5 per cent. of the total IRB risk weighted assets (RWA) at the end of 
2020. For exposures towards corporate customers, the Nordea Group’s main approach to calculate own 
funds requirement is the Advanced IRB approach, with minor parts of the portfolio subject to the 
Foundation IRB approach or standardised approach. The Advanced IRB approach covers banking and 
mortgage exposures in general in the Nordic countries and the international units. Foundation IRB used for 
derivatives and securities lending exposures as well as exposures towards finance companies. Standardised 
approach is used for sovereign and equity exposures as well as a small segment of non-profit organisation 
customers in Denmark. Exposures to corporates includes exposures towards rated small and medium-sized 
enterprises and specialised lending. Corporate Advanced IRB and Foundation IRB represented 67 per cent. 
and 6 per cent. of total IRB risk weighted assets (RWA), respectively, at the end of 2020. The Nordea 
Group uses the Advanced IRB approach to calculate own funds requirements for banking and mortgage 
exposures towards retail customers in the Nordic countries as well as in Nordea Finance Finland. Other 
entities use the standardised approach to calculate own funds requirements for retail exposures. Retail 
exposures constituted 29 per cent. of the total IRB risk weighted assets (RWA) at the end of 2020. Nordea 
has obtained a temporary approval from the ECB to use IRB models when calculating own funds 
requirements for loans and leasing exposures in Norway and Sweden out of Nordea Finance Equipment. 
The models temporarily approved by the ECB were developed by Nordea Finance Equipment. They have 
already been approved by the NFSA for calculation of Nordea Finance Equipment’s own funds 
requirements on a stand-alone basis. The Nordea Group is also approved to use its own internal Value-at-
Risk (“VaR”) models to calculate capital requirements for the major parts of the market risk in the trading 
books.  
At the end of 2020, the Nordea Group’s common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital was EUR 26.6 billion from 
EUR 24.4 billion at the end of 2019. The increase was driven by regulatory changes to the treatment of 
software assets and a changed consolidation for the banking group, with Nordea Life & Pensions now being 
consolidated using the equity method. Profit generation, net of dividend accrual, also contributed to the 
increase in common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital in 2020. The Nordea Group’s common equity tier 1 (CET1) 
capital was strengthened in 2019 from EUR 24.1 billion at the end of 2018 to EUR 24.4 billion at the end 
of 2019. In 2018, the Nordea Group’s common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital strength was unchanged and 
the nominal common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital was largely unchanged, but the common equity tier 1 
(CET1) capital ratio decreased due to the change to ECB supervision in connection with the Re-
domiciliation and the introduction of IRB floors, which increased risk exposure amounts by approximately 
EUR 36 billion. 
In March 2019, Nordea issued USD 1.25 billion perpetual seven-year non-call additional tier 1 conversion 
notes, which increased the tier 1 capital ratio by approximately 70 basis points as compared to 31 December 
2018. In September 2018, Nordea issued USD 500 million 10-year non-call subordinated reset notes and 
SEK 1,750 million and NOK 500 million 10-year non-call five-year tier 2 subordinated notes. The Nordea 
Group’s common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio was 17.1 per cent. as of 31 December 2020, compared 
to 16.3 per cent. as of 31 December 2019 and 15.5 per cent. as of 31 December 2018. 
In January 2020, Nordea completed a synthetic securitisation transaction related to EUR 5.1 billion of the 
Nordea Group’s loans as originator of a portfolio with corporate and small and medium-sized enterprise 
loans. As part of the transaction, investors purchased credit-linked notes referencing the first loss tranche 
of the portfolio. The investors share the risk of credit losses of the reference portfolio up to a pre-agreed 
amount. No assets were derecognised from Nordea Group’s balance sheet and the Nordea Group continues 
to service the loans. The transaction improved Nordea Group’s common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio 
by approximately 20 basis points. 
Recent Regulatory Developments 
In March 2020, the Danish Minister of Industry, Business and Financial Affairs decided to decrease the 
Danish countercyclical capital buffer rate to 0 per cent. with immediate effect. Similarly in March 2020, 
the SFSA decided to lower the Swedish countercyclical capital buffer rate to 0 per cent. with immediate 
effect and the Norwegian Ministry of Finance reduced, with immediate effect, the Norwegian 
countercyclical capital buffer rate from 2.5 per cent. to 1 per cent. Also in March 2020, the FFSA 
preliminarily decided (with final decision taken in April 2020) to remove the systemic risk buffer 
requirement for all banks domiciled in Finland. Since the higher of the SRB (previously 3 per cent. for the

--- Page 163 ---
- 148 - 
Nordea Group) and the O-SII buffer (currently 2 per cent. for Nordea) was applicable, this means that the 
Nordea Group is required to hold an O-SII buffer of 2 per cent. Further, in March 2020, the ECB announced 
that it will allow banks to operate temporarily below the level of capital defined by the pillar 2 guidance, 
the capital conservation buffer and the liquidity coverage ratio. In addition, the ECB will allow banks to 
partially use capital instruments that do not qualify as common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital to meet the 
pillar 2 Requirements. In total, these changes resulted in a decrease in the common equity tier 1 (CET1) 
capital ratio requirement of the Nordea Group of 1.9 per cent. as of 31 March 2020. 
In April 2020, the European Commission announced a proposed banking package to facilitate bank lending 
to households and businesses throughout the European Union and mitigate the significant economic impact 
of the coronavirus pandemic. This banking package is intended to encourage banks to make full use of the 
flexibility embedded in the EU’s existing prudential and accounting framework and provides market 
participants with a uniform interpretation of this flexibility. The banking announced in April 2020 package 
also proposed amendments to the CRR to, among other things, (i) extend current transitional arrangements 
regarding the application of international accounting standards on banks’ capital for two years, (ii) postpone 
the date of the new leverage ratio buffer requirement on G-SIIs by one year to 1 January 2023 and (iii) 
extend existing preferential treatment given to non-performing loans that are guaranteed by the public 
sector. As of the date of this Programme Document, the proposed amendments to CRR are being considered 
for adoption by the European Parliament and Council.  
In June 2020, amendments to the CRR and CRR II (the so-called "CRR quick fix") were agreed. The CRR 
quick fix was implemented to give banks further possibilities to support the economy and include, among 
other things, earlier implementation of the small- and medium-sized enterprise (SME) factor and the 
changes to the treatment of software. It also contains amendments to the transitional rules for "IFRS 9 – 
Financial Instruments" (Non-Performing Loans) guaranteed by central governments and to the leverage 
ratio. 
In July 2020, the ECB announced the extension of its recommendation that significant credit institutions 
refrain from dividend distributions and share buy-backs aimed at remunerating shareholders until 1 January 
2021. Most recently, the ECB on 15 December 2020 recommended that banks not consider distributing any 
cash dividends or conducting share buy-backs, or to limit such distributions to remain below 15 per cent. 
of cumulated 2019 and 2020 profits and not higher than 20 basis points of the common equity tier 1 (CET1) 
capital ratio, until 30 September 2021. The ECB also clarified that banks will not be required to start 
replenishing their capital buffers before the peak in capital depletion is reached. The exact timeline will be 
decided following the 2021 EU-wide stress test, and, as in every supervisory cycle, on a case-by-case basis 
according to the individual situation of each bank. The same applies for replenishing the liquidity coverage 
ratio (LCR). The ECB also committed to allow banks to operate below the pillar 2 guidance (P2G) and the 
combined buffer requirement until at least the end of 2022, and below the LCR until at least the end of 
2021, without automatically triggering supervisory actions. 
In September 2020, the ECB announced that euro area banks under its direct supervision may exclude 
certain central bank exposures from the leverage ratio. Banks may benefit from this measure until 27 June 
2021. 
Also in September 2020, the SFSA announced that it would be extending the 25 per cent. risk weight floor 
for Swedish mortgages for a period of one year to 31 December 2021 in accordance with Article 458 of the 
Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR). After approval from the European Commission, the SFSA 
decided to extend this risk weight floor until 31 December 2021. On 30 September 2020, the FFSA 
announced that it did not intend to extend the current 15 per cent. risk weight floor for Finnish mortgages, 
which expired on 1 January 2021. Therefore, this risk weight floor has ceased to apply from the beginning 
of 2021 onwards. 
In the third and fourth quarters of 2020 and the first quarter of 2021, the Nordic countries left their 
respective countercyclical capital buffers unchanged, that is, 0 per cent. in Finland, Denmark and Sweden, 
and 1 per cent. in Norway. The buffers will remain in place until at least the second quarter of 2022, given 
that it takes 12 months for an increase to become applicable. See "Risk Factors - Risks Relating to the 
Nordea Group and its Business— Risks Relating to the Macroeconomic Conditions — The global 
coronavirus outbreak, which has negatively impacted the economies exposed to the outbreak, could have a 
material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations and 
adversely affect the Nordea Group's ability to access capital and liquidity" for more information regarding 
the COVID-19 pandemic.

--- Page 164 ---
- 149 - 
NORDEA BANK ABP 
Overview and legal structure 
Nordea Bank Abp, the parent company of the Nordea Group, conducts banking operations within the scope 
of the Nordea Group's business organisation. Nordea Bank Abp, was registered with the Finnish Trade 
Register on 27 September 2017 and is a public limited liability company organised under the laws of 
Finland. According to Article 3 of Nordea Bank Abp's articles of association, as a commercial bank Nordea 
Bank Abp engages in business activities that are permitted to a deposit bank pursuant to the Finnish Act on 
Credit Institutions. Nordea Bank Abp provides investment services and performs investment activities 
pursuant to the Finnish Act on Investment Services. Further, in its capacity as parent company, Nordea 
Bank Abp attends to and is responsible for overall functions in the Nordea Group, such as management, 
supervision, risk management and staff functions. Nordea Bank Abp is subject to substantial regulation in 
all markets in which it operates. The articles of association were last amended on 1 October 2018. Nordea 
Bank Abp is registered in the Finnish Trade Register under business identity code 2858394-9. The head 
office of Nordea is located in Helsinki at the following address: Hamnbanegatan (Fi: Satamaradankatu) 5, 
FI-00020 Nordea, Helsinki, Finland. Nordea Bank Abp has several directly and indirectly owned 
subsidiaries.  Nordea Bank Abp's shares are listed on the stock exchanges in Helsinki, Stockholm and 
Copenhagen. 
Share Capital and Shareholders 
Share Capital 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Nordea's share capital is EUR 4,049,951,919, consisting of 
4,049,951,919 ordinary shares. The shares in Nordea have no nominal value. 
Nordea Bank Abp's articles of association do not contain any provisions on share classes or voting rights 
and consequently shares may only be issued as ordinary shares and each share confers one vote at general 
meetings. If Nordea Bank Abp were to issue new shares, all shareholders would typically have preferential 
rights to the new shares in relation to the number of shares held by them. 
The additional tier 1 (AT1) conversion notes issued by Nordea in March 2019 automatically convert into 
shares if the common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio of either Nordea on a solo basis or the Nordea Group 
on a consolidated basis falls below a specific trigger level. There are no convertible bonds issued by Nordea 
that give option exercise rights for holders to acquire shares in Nordea. 
Shareholders 
The following table sets forth information relating to Nordea's five largest shareholders as of 31 March 
2021: 
 
Number of 
shares 
(million) 
Per cent. of 
shares and  
votes(1) 
Sampo plc .......................................................................................................................................... 
642.9 
15.9 
Blackrock ........................................................................................................................................... 
203.9 
5.0 
Cevian Capital.................................................................................................................................... 
178.4 
4.4 
Nordea Fonden ................................................................................................................................... 
158.2 
3.9 
Alecta ................................................................................................................................................. 
94.2 
2.3 
 _______________  
1)  Excluding shares issued for Nordea's long-term incentive programmes. 
In 2011, Sampo plc's share in Nordea exceeded 20 per cent, meaning that the Nordea Group was from 
thereon included in the Sampo financial conglomerate in accordance with the Finnish Act on the 
Supervision of Financial and Insurance Conglomerates (Fi: laki rahoitus- ja vakuutusryhmittymien 
valvonnasta (2004/699)). On 13 August 2019, Sampo plc announced that it had on 12 August 2019 
distributed a total of 55,517,639 shares of Nordea as an extra dividend to its shareholders. After the 
distribution, Sampo plc held 804,922,858 shares of Nordea, corresponding to 19.87 per cent. of all shares 
and votes, and the Nordea Group is no longer included in the Sampo financial conglomerate. On 4 
September 2019, the Nordea Group was identified as a financial conglomerate on its own. On 10 November 
2020, Sampo plc announced that it had completed an accelerated bookbuild offering to institutional 
investors of 162 million Nordea shares held by Sampo plc. The offering represented 4.0 per cent. of the 
outstanding shares in Nordea and reduced Sampo's ownership in Nordea to 15.9 per cent. Sampo plc also

--- Page 165 ---
- 150 - 
announced that it had, in connection with the offering, entered into a lock-up undertaking, under which it 
has, subject to certain exceptions, agreed not to sell any Nordea shares for a period ending at 9 May 2021. 
Board of Directors 
According to the articles of association, the board of directors of Nordea must consist of at least six and no 
more than 15 members.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the board of directors of Nordea consists of 10 members elected by 
the general meeting for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting ("AGM") of Nordea in 
2022. In addition, three ordinary members and one deputy member have been appointed by the employees 
of Nordea Group. The CEO of Nordea is not a member of the board of directors.  
The following table sets forth, for each member of the board of directors of Nordea as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, his or her year of birth and the year of his or her initial appointment to the board of 
directors:  
 
Year of 
birth 
Board 
member 
since 
Position 
Torbjörn Magnusson .......................................................................................  
1963 
2018 
Chair 
Kari Jordan......................................................................................................  
1956 
2019 
Vice Chair 
Claudia Dill .....................................................................................................  
1966 
2021 
Member 
Nigel Hinshelwood .........................................................................................  
1966 
2018 
Member 
Petra van Hoeken ............................................................................................  
1961 
2019 
Member 
Robin Lawther ................................................................................................  
1961 
2014 
Member 
John Maltby ....................................................................................................  
1962 
2019 
Member 
Sarah Russell ..................................................................................................  
1962 
2010 
Member 
Birger Steen ....................................................................................................  
1966 
2015 
Member 
Jonas Synnergren ............................................................................................  
1977 
2020 
Member 
The board of directors also includes the following members elected by the employees of Nordea as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus (one of whom at any time is a deputy member of the board of directors): 
 
Year of birth 
Board member 
since 
Position 
Kari Abola ............................................................................ 
1960 
2006 
Member 
Gerhard Olsson ..................................................................... 
1978 
2016 
Member 
Hans Christian Riise ............................................................. 
1961 
2013 
Member 
Dorris Groth Brandt .............................................................. 
1967 
2018 
Deputy Member 
The members of the board of directors of Nordea have the following office address: c/o Nordea Bank Abp, 
Hamnbanegatan (Fi: Satamaradankatu) 5, FI-00020 Nordea, Helsinki, Finland.  
With the exception of the employee representatives, no members of the board of directors of Nordea are 
employed by the Nordea Group.  
Torbjörn Magnusson (chair) is Group CEO and President of Sampo Group and Jonas Synnergren is Senior 
Partner of Cevian Capital Ab who are shareholders in Nordea Bank Abp. Save for the foregoing, no 
potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to Nordea Bank Abp of a member of the board of 
directors and the private interests or other duties of each persons. 
Torbjörn Magnusson has been a member of the board of directors since 2018 and has served as its Chair 
since 2019. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Mr Magnusson is the President and CEO of the Sampo 
Group, Managing Director and member of Group Executive Committee of Sampo plc., the Chair of the 
board of directors of If P&C Insurance Holding Ltd. and a member of the board of directors of Hastings 
Group Holdings plc. 
Kari Jordan has been a member of the board of directors and served as its Vice Chair since 2019. As of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, Mr Jordan is the Chair of the board of directors of Outokumpu Oyj, and a 
member of the boards of directors of the Finnish Business and Policy Forum EVA/ETLA and several other 
non-profit organisations.  
Petra van Hoeken has been a member of the board of directors since 2019. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Ms van Hoeken is a member of the boards of directors of Nederlandse WaterschapsBank NV 
and Oranje Fonds.

--- Page 166 ---
- 151 - 
Claudia Dill has been a member of the board of directors since 2021. 
Nigel Hinshelwood has been a member of the board of directors since 2018. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Mr Hinshelwood is a member of the boards of directors of Bank of Scotland plc and Lloyds 
Bank plc. 
Robin Lawther has been a member of the board of directors since 2014. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Ms Lawther is a member of the boards of directors of Ashurst LLP and M&G plc and United 
Kingdom Government Investments Limited. 
John Maltby has been a member of the board of directors since 2019. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Mr Maltby is the Chair of the board of directors of Allica Bank Limited and a member of the boards of 
directors of Simplyhealth Group, National Citizens Service (NCS) Trust and West Brom Building Society. 
Sarah Russell has been a member of the board of directors since 2010. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Ms Russell is a member of the supervisory board of Ostrum Asset Management, Paris, France, 
and the Currency Exchange Fund N.V.  
Birger Steen has been a member of the board of directors since 2015. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Mr Steen is a principal of Summa Equity AB, the Chair of the board of directors of Nordic Semiconductor 
ASA and Pagero AB and a member of the boards of directors of Cognite AS and Schibsted ASA. Mr Steen 
is also a member of the board of trustees of the Nordic Heritage Museum in Seattle, United States. 
Jonas Synnergren has been a member of the board of directors since 2020. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Mr. Synnergren is a senior partner of Cevian Capital AB and Head of Cevian Capital AB's 
Swedish office, a member of the board of directors of Veonee, Inc. and a member nomination committee 
of LM Ericsson AB. 
Group Leadership Team  
The Group Leadership Team of the Nordea Group as of the date of this Base Prospectus consists of 11 
members, including the Group CEO. The President and Group CEO is appointed by the board of directors 
and is charged with the day-to-day management of the Nordea Group and the Nordea Group's Group-wide 
affairs in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including the Finnish Corporate Governance 
Code (Fi: Suomen listayhtiöiden hallinnointikoodi) (the "Finnish Corporate Governance Code"), as well 
as the instructions provided by the board of directors. The instructions regulate the division of 
responsibilities and the interaction between the Group CEO and the board of directors. The Group CEO 
works closely with the Chair of the board of directors, for example, in planning the meetings of the board 
of directors. 
The following table sets forth each member of Group Leadership Team as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, his or her year of birth, the year of his or her initial employment as a member of Group 
Leadership Team and his or her current position:  
 
Year of 
birth 
Group 
Leadership 
Team 
member 
since 
Position 
Frank Vang-Jensen...........................  
1967 
2018 
President and Group Chief Executive Officer (CEO) 
Nina Arkilahti ..................................  
1967 
2020 
Head of Business Banking 
Erik Ekman ......................................  
1969 
2015 
Head of Group Business Support 
Matthew Elderfield ..........................  
1966 
2016 
Chief Risk Officer (CRO) and Head of Group Risk & 
Compliance 
Christina Gadeberg ..........................  
1970 
2019 
Chief People Officer, Head of Group People 
Jussi Koskinen .................................  
1973 
2018 
Chief Legal Officer, Head of Group Legal 
Sara Mella ........................................  
1967 
2019 
Head of Personal Banking 
Martin A Persson .............................  
1975 
2016 
Head of Large Corporates & Institutions  
Ulrika Romantschuk ........................  
1966 
2020 
Head of Brand, Communications and Marketing 
Ian Smith 
1967 
2020 
Group Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Head of Group 
Finance 
Snorre Storset ...................................  
1972 
2015 
Head of Asset & Wealth Management  
No potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to Nordea Bank Abp of a member of the Group 
Executive Management and the private interests or other duties of each persons.

--- Page 167 ---
- 152 - 
The members of the board of directors of Nordea and Group Leadership Team have the following office 
address: c/o Nordea Bank Abp, Satamaradankatu (Sw: Hamnbanegatan) 5, FI-00020 Nordea, Helsinki, 
Finland.  
Frank Vang-Jensen has been the President and Group CEO of Nordea since 2019 and a member of Group 
Leadership Team since 2018. Before his appointment as President and Group CEO in September 2019, Mr 
Vang-Jensen held several executive positions since he joined the Nordea Group in 2018, most recently as 
Head of Personal Banking.  
Nina Arkilahti has been Head of Business Banking and a member of Group Leadership Team since 2020. 
Ms Arkilahti has previously served in several senior positions at Svenska Handelsbanken AB, including as 
Executive Vice President and Country Head Finland and as Senior Vice President and Country Head 
Germany. 
Erik Ekman has been Head of Group Business Support since 2020 and a member of Group Leadership 
Team since 2015. Mr Ekman has held several executive positions since he joined the Nordea Group in 
2008, most recently as Head of Commercial & Business Banking (currently named Business Banking) from 
2016 to 2019 and as Acting Head of Group Business Risk Management during 2019. 
Matthew Elderfield has been Group CRO and Head of Group Risk and Compliance since 2019 and a 
member of Group Leadership Team since 2016. Between 2016 and 2019, Mr. Elderfield held the position 
as Group Compliance Officer and Head of Group Compliance. Prior to joining the Nordea Group in 2016, 
Mr Elderfield served as Global Head of Compliance at Lloyds Banking Group and a member of the 
International Advisory Board of The Confederation of Finnish Industries EK. 
Christina Gadeberg has been Head of Group People and a member of Group Leadership Team since 2019. 
Ms. Gadeberg has held several executive positions since she joined the Nordea Group in 2015, most 
recently as Head of Group People Business Partnering and co-leader of Group People during 2019 and, 
prior to this, as Head of People to Asset and Wealth Management from 2017 to 2019. 
Jussi Koskinen has been Chief Legal Officer and Head of Group Legal and a member of Group Leadership 
Team since 2018. He has also been the Interim Deputy Managing Director of Nordea since 2019. Prior to 
joining the Nordea Group in 2018, Mr Koskinen served as Vice President, Head of Global Corporate Legal 
and Secretary to the board of directors at Nokia Corporation. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Mr 
Koskinen is a member of the board of the Finnish Chamber of Commerce and a member of the Policy 
Committee Directors' Institute Finland. 
Sara Mella has been Head of Personal Banking and a member of Group Leadership Team since 2019. Prior 
to her appointment as Head of Personal Banking in December 2019, Ms Mella was Acting Head of Personal 
Banking from September 2019 and, prior to that, she held several executive positions at the Nordea Group, 
most recently as Head of Personal Banking Finland. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Ms Mella is 
Chair of the Banking Executive Committee of Finance Finland and a member of the board of directors of 
Art Foundation Merita fr.   
Martin A Persson has been Head of Large Corporates & Institutions (previously named Wholesale 
Banking) and a member of Group Leadership Team since 2016. Mr Persson joined the Nordea Group in 
2012 and served as the Co-Head of Markets Equities, Nordea Markets from 2012 to 2016. As of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, Mr Persson is a member of the boards of directors of the Swedish Bankers' 
Association and the Swedish House of Finance, Stockholm School of Economics. 
Ulrika Romantschuk has been Head of Brand, Communications and Marketing and a member of Group 
Leadership Team since 2020. Ms Romantschuk has previously served as Executive Vice President, 
Communications and Branding of the Fazer Group and was a member of the Group Management Team of 
the Fazer Group. 
Ian Smith has been Group CFO and Head of Group Finance and a member of Group Leadership Team since 
2020. Mr Smith has previously served as Group CFO of Virgin Money United Kingdom PLC, Director of 
Group Finance at Lloyds Banking Group PLC and at Halifax Bank of Scotland PLC. 
Snorre Storset has been Head of Asset & Wealth Management since 2016 and a member of Group 
Leadership Team since 2015. Mr Storset has held several executive positions since he joined the Nordea 
Group in 2011, most recently as Deputy Head of Wealth Management and Head of Private Banking from

--- Page 168 ---
- 153 - 
2015 to 2016. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Mr Storset is a member of the board of directors of 
Finans Norge. 
Independence 
Nordea complies with applicable requirements regarding the independence of its board of directors 
according to applicable European regulatory requirements and Finnish laws and regulations, as well as 
requirements set forth in the Finnish Corporate Governance Code. All members of Nordea's board of 
directors, apart from Torbjörn Magnusson, are considered independent in relation to the Company's 
significant shareholders in accordance with the Finnish Corporate Governance Code. As of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, Torbjörn Magnusson is the President and CEO of the Sampo Group and Managing 
Director and a member of Group Executive Committee of Sampo plc. Sampo plc, the parent company of 
Sampo Group, owns more than 10 per cent. of all shares and votes in Nordea and is, therefore, a significant 
shareholder of Nordea. 
All of the board members elected by the shareholders are independent of Nordea and its executive 
management, including Sarah Russell who has been a member of the board of directors of Nordea and its 
legal predecessors for 11 consecutive years. Based on an overall evaluation, her independence is not 
compromised due to her long service history, and no other factors or circumstances have been identified 
that could impair her independence. 
No member of Nordea's board of directors elected by the shareholders at the general meeting is employed 
by or working in an operative capacity in the Nordea Group. The ordinary members and the deputy 
members of Nordea's board of directors appointed by the employees are employed by the Nordea Group 
and therefore are not independent of Nordea under the Finnish Corporate Governance Code. 
The number of members of Nordea's board of directors who are independent in relation to Nordea as well 
as independent in relation to Nordea's significant shareholders exceeds the minimum requirement set forth 
in the Finnish Corporate Governance Code, which states that the majority of the members of the board of 
directors shall be independent of Nordea and at least two of the board members who are independent of the 
company shall also be independent of the company's significant shareholders. 
The rules regarding independence of the board of directors are governed by, among others, the Finnish 
Corporate Governance Code, the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions, the guidelines and regulations of the 
FFSA and the EBA guidelines on internal governance. 
External Auditors 
According to Nordea's articles of association, Nordea must have one audit firm as auditor, whose chief 
auditor is to be an authorised public accountant approved by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office. 
The assignment as auditor will continue until the end of the first AGM held after the election of the auditor. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy, Authorised Public Accountants, has been elected as Nordea's auditor until the 
end of the 2022 AGM. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Jukka Paunonen, Authorised Public 
Accountant, has been assigned as the auditor in charge. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has the following 
office address: Itämerentori 2, FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland.  
Dividends 
Nordea Bank AB (publ)'s annual shareholder general meeting approved, and Nordea Bank AB (publ) paid, 
the following dividends from 2014 to 2018:  
2018: EUR 0.69 per share, total dividend payment of EUR 2,788 million; 
2017: EUR 0.68 per share, total dividend payment of EUR 2,747 million; 
2016: EUR 0.65 per share, total dividend payment of EUR 2,625 million; 
2015: EUR 0.64 per share, total dividend payment of EUR 2,584 million; and 
2014: EUR 0.62 per share, total dividend payment of EUR 2,501 million. 
The 2020 AGM authorised the board of directors of Nordea to decide on a dividend payment of a maximum 
of EUR 0.40 per share for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 to be distributed in one or several 
instalments. This authorisation was valid until the AGM of Nordea to be held in 2021. The board of

--- Page 169 ---
- 154 - 
directors of Nordea communicated in March 2020 its intention to follow the ECB recommendation and 
refrain from deciding on a dividend payment before 1 October 2020. On 28 July 2020, the ECB announced 
the extension of its recommendation that significant credit institutions refrain from dividend distributions 
and share buy-backs aimed at remunerating shareholders at least until 1 January 2021. Most recently, the 
ECB on 15 December 2020 recommended that banks not consider distributing any cash dividends or 
conducting share buy-backs, or to limit such distributions, until 30 September 2021. The board of directors 
of Nordea acknowledged the ECB’s updated recommendation and on 18 February 2021 announced that, 
based on the recommendation of, and after a dialogue with, the ECB it had decided to distribute a dividend 
of EUR 0.07 per share to shareholders in accordance with the authorisation by the 2020 AGM. The dividend 
was paid on 1 March 2021 and the total dividend payment amounted to EUR 282.8 million.  
The 2021 AGM authorised the board of directors of Nordea to decide on a dividend payment of a maximum 
of EUR 0.72 per share for the year ended 31 December 2020. The amount of EUR 0.72 maximum per share 
is in line with Nordea’s dividend policy and includes the residual amount of the 2019 dividend (EUR 0.33 
per share) as well as 70 per cent. of the net profit for 2020 (EUR 0.39 per share). As discussed above, the 
board of directors of Nordea has decided to follow the ECB recommendation on dividend payments. Nordea 
will publish any possible decisions on dividend payments, including the dividend record and payment dates, 
by the board of directors separately. 
Material Agreements 
Nordea Bank Abp is not a party to any material agreement outside of its normal course of business which 
may result in another Nordea Group company obtaining a right or incurring an obligation which may 
materially affect Nordea Bank Abp's ability to perform its obligations. 
Corporate Governance 
Corporate governance in Nordea Bank Abp follows generally adopted principles of corporate governance.  
The external framework which regulates the corporate governance work includes, inter alia, the Finnish 
Corporate Governance Code, the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions, the guidelines and regulations of the 
FFSA, the EBA guidelines on internal governance under the Capital Requirements Directive and Joint 
ESMA and EBA Guidelines on the assessment of the suitability of members of the management body and 
key function holders.

--- Page 170 ---
- 155 - 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport 
to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those countries or 
elsewhere. The tax laws of an investor's jurisdiction and of the Issuer's jurisdiction of incorporation might 
have an impact on the income received from the Notes. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult 
their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing 
of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the 
consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This summary is based upon the law as 
in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after 
such date. 
Finnish Taxation 
The following summary is based on the tax laws of Finland as in effect and applied as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus and is intended to provide general information only. Any changes in tax laws and their 
interpretation may also have a retroactive effect on taxation. The following summary is not exhaustive and 
does not address all potential aspects of Finnish taxation that may be relevant for a potential investor in the 
Notes. The summary does not address the rules regarding reporting obligations for, inter alia, payers of 
interest. The summary does also not address any tax consequences applicable to Holders of Notes who are 
subject to special tax rules. Such Holders of Notes include, among others, entities exempt from income tax, 
non-business-carrying entities, individuals taxable under the Finnish Business Income Tax Act (Fi: laki 
elinkeinotulon verottamisesta (360/1968)) and general or limited partnerships. Investors are advised to 
consult their professional tax advisers concerning their tax reporting obligations and overall Finnish and 
foreign tax consequences of acquiring, owning and disposing of the Notes. 
 
Non-Resident Holders of Notes 
Payments of interest under the Notes are not subject to tax in Finland provided that the recipient is not 
resident in Finland for tax purposes, unless the Notes relate to business carried on in Finland by the holder 
of the Notes through a permanent establishment in Finland. The Issuer is required to ascertain that the 
recipient is not resident in Finland for tax purposes. The recipient is obliged to disclose his non-resident 
investor status to the payer. If a recipient fails to provide such information, the Issuer will be entitled to 
withhold or deduct amounts from a payment in respect of the Notes, if it is required to do so under Finnish 
law and the Issuer will not be required to pay the recipient any additional amounts.   
Repayments of the principal amount under the Notes are not subject to tax in Finland. Holders of Notes 
that are not resident in Finland for tax purposes are, furthermore, not subject to Finnish tax on capital gains 
arising from the transfer of the Notes, unless the transfer relates to business carried on in Finland by a holder 
of Notes through a permanent establishment in Finland. 
Resident Holders of Notes 
Payments of interest under the Notes and capital gains on the Notes are in general subject to tax for holders 
of Notes that are resident in Finland for tax purposes. Repayments of the principal amount under the Notes 
are not otherwise subject to tax in Finland.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, payments of interest made to holders of Notes that are physical 
persons resident in Finland for tax purposes or Finnish estates of deceased persons are in general subject to 
a tax withholding at a rate of 30 per cent. and subject to income tax under the Income Tax Act (Fi: 
tuloverolaki 1535/1992, as amended) at capital income tax rates of 30 – 34 per cent. Interest on certain 
Notes paid to a Finnish tax resident physical person or a Finnish estate of a deceased person may also be 
subject to tax pursuant to the Act on Withholding Tax for Interest Income (Fi: laki korkotulon lähdeverosta 
(1341/1990)) at a rate of 30 per cent.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, where Notes are sold by a Finnish physical person or a Finnish estate 
of a deceased person prior to the due date, any capital gains and payments of accrued interest (Fi: 
jälkimarkkinahyvitys) are taxable as capital income at tax rates of 30 – 34 per cent. Any payments of accrued 
interest made to a Finnish physical person or a Finnish estate of a deceased person are subject to tax 
withholding at the rate of 30 per cent. if the paying agent or intermediary effecting the payment is a credit 
and financial institution or other professional security trader or intermediary resident in Finland for tax 
purposes or a Finnish branch of a non-resident credit institution.

--- Page 171 ---
- 156 - 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, payments of interest made to Holders of Notes that are corporations, 
as further defined in the Income Tax Act, residing in Finland for tax purposes, are not subject to a tax 
withholding. According to new legislation which came into force 1 January 2021, of tax year 2021, in 
addition to Finnish companies, foreign entities with their place of effective management in Finland can be 
deemed as Finnish tax resident corporations. For Finnish tax resident corporations, payments of interest, as 
well as capital gains arising upon the sale of the Notes, are generally subject to tax at a flat rate of 20 per 
cent. 
Irish Taxation 
The following is a summary of the principal Irish withholding tax consequences of beneficial ownership of 
the Notes for individuals who are resident and ordinarily resident in Ireland for tax purposes and for 
companies that are resident in Ireland for tax purposes. It is based on the laws and practice of the Revenue 
Commissioners currently in force in Ireland as at the start of the Offer Period and may be subject to change. 
The statements in this summary are based on the understanding that the Notes will be treated as debt for 
Irish tax purposes. It deals with Noteholders who beneficially own their Notes as an investment. Particular 
rules not discussed below may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding Notes, including dealers in 
securities and trusts. The summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a 
general nature only and it does not discuss all aspects of Irish taxation that may be relevant to any particular 
holder of Notes.  Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their professional advisers on the tax 
implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Notes and the receipt of payments thereon 
under any laws applicable to them. 
Tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is required to be withheld from payments of 
Irish source interest. The Issuer will not be obliged to withhold Irish income tax from payments of interest 
on the Notes so long as such payments do not constitute Irish source income. Interest paid on the Notes 
should not be treated as having an Irish source unless: 
(i) 
the Issuer is resident in Ireland for tax purposes; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland, the assets or income of which is 
used to fund the payments on the Notes; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for tax purposes but the register for the Notes is maintained in 
Ireland or (if the Notes are in bearer form) the Notes are physically held in Ireland. 
It is anticipated that, (i) the Issuer is not and will not be resident in Ireland for tax purposes; (ii) the Issuer 
does not and will not have a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland; (iii) bearer Notes will not be 
physically located in Ireland; and (iv) the Issuer will not maintain a register of any registered Notes in 
Ireland. 
Encashment Tax 
Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the rate of 25 per cent. on any interest paid on the Notes issued 
by a company not resident in Ireland, where such interest is collected or realised by a bank or encashment 
agent in Ireland. 
Encashment tax does not apply where the beneficial owner of the payment on the Notes (i) is not resident 
in Ireland and has made a declaration in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank or (ii) is a 
company which is within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the payment. 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The information contained within this section is limited to withholding taxation issues, and prospective 
investors should not apply any information set out below to other areas, including (but not limited to) the 
legality of transactions involving the Notes.  
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding 
tax or a tax of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only.  
A holder of the Notes may not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only 
of the holding of the Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of the Notes.

--- Page 172 ---
- 157 - 
All payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) and principal by the Issuer in the context 
of the holding, disposal, redemption or repurchase of the Notes, which are not profit sharing, can be made 
free and clear of any withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, 
levied, withheld, or assessed by Luxembourg or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or 
therein, in accordance with the applicable Luxembourg law, subject however to: 
(i) 
regarding resident individual Holders of Notes, the application of the Luxembourg law of 23 
December 2005, as amended (the "Law"), which has introduced a 20 per cent. withholding tax on 
savings income paid by a paying agent, within the meaning of the Law, established in Luxembourg.  
Responsibility for the withholding of tax in application of the above-mentioned Luxembourg law 
of 23 December 2005 would be assumed by a Luxembourg paying agent (if any) within the 
meaning of this Law and not by the Issuer. 
(ii) 
Pursuant to the Law, Luxembourg resident individuals who are the beneficial owners of savings 
income paid by a paying agent within the meaning of the Law established outside Luxembourg, in 
a Member State of either the European Union or the European Economic Area can opt to self-
declare and pay a 20 per cent. tax (the "Levy") on these savings income. 
The 20 per cent. withholding tax as described above or the Levy are final when Luxembourg 
resident individuals are acting in the context of the management of their private wealth. 
Swiss Taxation 
The following discussion is a summary of Swiss withholding tax considerations relating to (i) Notes issued 
by the Issuer where the Holder is tax resident in Switzerland or has a tax presence in Switzerland or (ii) 
Notes where the Paying Agent, custodian or securities dealer is located in Switzerland. The discussion bases 
on legislation as of the date of this Base Prospectus. It does not aim to be a comprehensive description of 
all the Swiss tax considerations that may be relevant for a decision to invest in Notes. The tax treatment for 
each investor depends on the particular situation. All investors are advised to consult with their professional 
tax advisors as to the respective Swiss tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposition, lapse, 
exercise or redemption of Notes (or options embedded therein) in light of their particular circumstances. 
Swiss Federal Withholding Tax 
Payments by the Issuer, of interest on, and repayment of principal of, the Notes, will not be subject to Swiss 
federal withholding tax, provided that the Issuer is at all times resident and managed outside Switzerland 
for Swiss tax purposes. 
On 3 April 2020, the Swiss Federal Council published draft legislation and opened a consultation procedure 
regarding the reform of the Swiss federal withholding tax regime. The draft legislation, if enacted in its 
current form, would replace the current debtor-based regime applicable to interest payments with a paying 
agent-based regime for Swiss withholding tax. Generally speaking, the proposed paying agent-based regime 
would (i) subject all interest payments made through paying agents in Switzerland to individuals resident 
in Switzerland to Swiss withholding tax and (ii) exempt from Swiss withholding tax interest payments to 
all other persons, including to Swiss-domiciled legal entities and foreign investors (other than for indirect 
interest payments via foreign and domestic collective investments vehicles). If such a new paying agent-
based regime were to be enacted and were to result in the deduction or withholding of Swiss withholding 
tax on any interest payments in respect of the Notes, the Noteholders would not be entitled to receive any 
additional amounts as a result of such deduction or withholding under the terms of the Notes. However, the 
results of the consultation, which ended on 10 July 2020, were controversial. Consequently, on 15 April 
2021, the Swiss Federal Council submitted a new draft on the reform of the Swiss withholding tax system 
providing for the abolition of Swiss withholding tax on interest payments on bonds for submission to the 
Swiss Federal Parliament. 
Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
On 19 November 2014, Switzerland signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement (the 
"MCAA"). The MCAA is based on article 6 of the OECD/Council of Europe administrative assistance 
convention and is intended to ensure the uniform implementation of Automatic Exchange of Information 
(the "AEOI"). The Federal Act on the International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
(the "AEOI Act") entered into force on 1 January 2017. The AEOI Act is the legal basis for the 
implementation of the AEOI standard in Switzerland.

--- Page 173 ---
- 158 - 
The AEOI is being introduced in Switzerland through bilateral agreements or multilateral agreements. The 
agreements have, and will be, concluded on the basis of guaranteed reciprocity, compliance with the 
principle of specialty (i.e. the information exchanged may only be used to assess and levy taxes (and for 
criminal tax proceedings)) and adequate data protection. 
Switzerland has concluded a multilateral AEOI agreement with the EU and has concluded bilateral AEOI 
agreements with several non-EU countries. 
Based on such multilateral agreements and bilateral agreements and the implementing laws of Switzerland, 
Switzerland collects and exchanges data in respect of financial assets, including, as the case may be, Notes, 
held in, and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with a paying agent in Switzerland 
for the benefit of individuals resident in a EU Member State or in a treaty state. 
Other Tax Considerations 
Information gathering and sharing 
Tax authorities in various jurisdictions have their own information gathering and sharing powers which 
may be applicable in addition to those described above.

--- Page 174 ---
- 159 - 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP 
Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Credit Suisse Securities 
Sociedad de Valores S.A., Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs International, HSBC 
Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan AG, Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, Natixis, Nordea Bank Abp, 
RBC Europe Limited, RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH, Société Générale, UBS Europe SE and 
UniCredit Bank AG as principal dealers for the Programme or UBS AG as Swiss dealer for the Programme 
(together with any other dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer, either generally in relation to the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Series of Notes, the "Dealers").  The arrangements under which 
Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in 
a dealership agreement dated 7 May 2021 (as amended and/or restated and/or supplemented from time to 
time the "Dealership Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the Dealers.  Any such agreement 
will, among other things, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the 
price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles 
(if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealership Agreement makes 
provisions for the delivery of customary conditions precedent and also for the resignation or renewal of 
existing Dealers and the appointment of additional or other Dealers. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", as 
"Not Applicable" each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area.  
(a) 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or 
more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of EU MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
in relation to any Exempt Notes with a minimum denomination below €100,000 or its 
equivalent in any other currency, not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member 
State: 
(a) 
Approved prospectus: if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes 
may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in that Member 
State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such 
Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that 
Member State, provided that any such prospectus which has subsequently been completed by the 
Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final

--- Page 175 ---
- 160 - 
Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-
exempt Offer; 
(b) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
EU Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act) in relation to the Notes or 
the Programme has been, or will be, lodged with or registered by the Australian Securities & Investments 
Commissions ("ASIC") or any other regulatory authority in Australia.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it: 
(a) 
has not (directly or indirectly) offered or invited applications, and will not offer or invite 
applications, for the issue, sale or purchase of, any Notes in, to or from Australia (including an 
offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, any draft, preliminary or 
definitive offering memorandum, advertisement or other offering material relating to the 
Programme or any sale of Notes in Australia. 
unless: 
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least AUD 500,000 (or 
equivalent in an alternative currency and, in either case, disregarding moneys lent by the 
offeror or its associates) or the offer or invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to 
investors in accordance with Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act and complies 
with the terms of any authority granted under the Banking Act of 1959 of Australia;  
(ii) 
the offer or invitation is not made to a person who is a "retail client" within the meaning 
of section 761G of the Corporations Act; 
(iii) 
such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives; and 
(iv) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or any other regulatory 
authority in Australia. 
By applying for Notes under the Base Prospectus, each person to whom Notes are issued (an "Investor"): 
(a) 
will be deemed by the Issuer and each of the Dealers to have acknowledged that if any Investor 
on-sells Notes within 12 months from their issue, the Investor will be required to lodge a prospectus 
or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act) with ASIC unless either: 
(i) 
that sale is to an Investor that: 
(A) 
falls within one of the categories set out in sections 708(8) or 708(11) of the 
Corporations Act; and

--- Page 176 ---
- 161 - 
(1) 
is not a "retail client" within the meaning of section 761G of the 
Corporations Act, 
(2) 
to whom it is lawful to offer Notes in Australia without a prospectus or 
other disclosure document lodged with ASIC; or 
(B) 
the sale offer is received outside Australia; and 
(b) 
will be deemed by the Issuer and each of the Dealers to have undertaken not to sell those Notes in 
any circumstances other than those described in paragraphs (a)(i)(A)(1) and (2) above for 12 
months after the date of issue of such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is not, and under no circumstances is to be construed as, an advertisement or public 
offering of any Notes in Australia. 
In addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will comply with Banking exemption No. 1 of 
2018, dated 21 March 2018 (the "Banking Exemption 1"), promulgated by the Australian Prudential 
Regulation Authority and which requires all offers and transfers to be in parcels of not less than A$500,000 
in aggregate principal amount.  Banking Exemption 1 does not apply to transfers which occur outside 
Australia. 
Denmark 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver any of the 
Notes directly or indirectly in the Kingdom of Denmark by way of public offering, unless in compliance 
with the Danish Capital Markets Act (Kapitalmarkedsloven), as amended or replaced from time to time, 
the Danish executive orders issued thereunder and the EU Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of this 
provision, an offer of the Notes in Denmark means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Finland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not directly or indirectly offer and sell the Notes or bring the 
Notes into general circulation in Finland other than in compliance with all applicable provisions of the laws 
of Finland. Notes may only be offered and sold to the public in Finland provided that either (i) a prospectus 
in relation to the Notes is prepared in accordance with the Finnish Securities Markets Act (Fi: 
arvopaperimarkkinalaki, (746/2012), as amended) (the "Finnish Securities Markets Act") and/or other 
applicable laws and regulations, including the EU Prospectus Regulation, as applicable, or (ii) an exemption 
from the requirement to prepare a prospectus is available under the applicable laws of Finland, especially 
the Finnish Securities Markets Act and/or the EU Prospectus Regulation, as applicable. Notwithstanding 
the above, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that Notes may not be offered or sold to individuals or estates of 
deceased individuals that are resident in Finland for taxation purposes. 
 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, 
Notes in France and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be 
distributed in France, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating 
to the Notes other than to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in articles L.411-2 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier and in the EU Prospectus Regulation.  This Base Prospectus prepared 
in connection with the Notes has not been submitted to the clearance procedures of the French Autorité des 
marchés financiers. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 177 ---
- 162 - 
(a) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as 
amended, the "EU MiFID II Regulations"), including, without limitation, Regulation 5 thereof or 
any codes of conduct made under the EU MiFID II Regulations and the provisions of the Investor 
Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended), the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as 
amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as 
amended);  
(c) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of any Notes otherwise 
than in conformity with the provisions of the EU Prospectus Regulation and any rules issued by 
the Central Bank under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014; and 
(d) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the Notes, 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) 
(as amended) and any rules and guidance issued under Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014 
by the Central Bank. 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed that, save as set out below, it has not offered or sold, and will not 
offer or sell, any Notes in the Republic of Italy in an offer to the public and that sales of the Notes in the 
Republic of Italy shall be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and 
other applicable laws and regulation. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes or 
distribute copies of this Base Prospectus and any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of 
Italy except: 
(a) 
to "qualified investors", as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempt from the rules on offers to the public pursuant to the 
EU Prospectus Regulation, Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended ("Decree 
No. 58") and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended ("Regulation No. 
11971").  
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as 
amended (the "Banking Act"), Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 
2018, as amended and any other applicable laws and regulations;  
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended, and the implementing guidelines 
of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 2015 (including the reporting requirements, where 
applicable), as amended from time to time (including on 10 August 2016) and on 2 November 
2020, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of 
securities in the Republic of Italy; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB 
or any other Italian authority.  
Provisions relating to the secondary market in the Republic of Italy 
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Notes in the Republic of Italy, of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation and Decree No. 58 may require compliance with the law relating to public offers 
of securities. Furthermore, Article 100-bis of Decree No. 58 provides that where the Notes are placed solely 
with "qualified investors" and are then systematically resold on the secondary market at any time in the 12 
months following such placing, purchasers of Notes who are acting outside of the course of their business 
or profession may in certain circumstances be entitled to declare such purchase void and, in addition, to

--- Page 178 ---
- 163 - 
claim damages from any authorised person at whose premises the Notes were purchased, unless an 
exemption provided for under the EU Prospectus Regulation and Decree No. 58 applies. 
Luxembourg 
The Notes may not be offered or sold to the public within the territory of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
unless: 
(a) 
a prospectus has been duly approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF") pursuant to  part II of the Luxembourg law dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for 
securities, as amended, which applies the EU Prospectus Regulation (the "Luxembourg 
Prospectus Law"), if Luxembourg is the home Member State as defined under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; or 
(b) 
if Luxembourg is not the home Member State as defined under the EU Prospectus Regulation, the 
CSSF and the European Securities Markets Authority have been provided by the competent 
authority in the home Member State with a certificate of approval attesting that a prospectus in 
relation to the Notes has been duly approved in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, as 
applicable, and with a copy of that prospectus; or 
(c) 
the offer of Notes benefits from an exemption from, or constitutes a transaction not subject to, the 
requirement to publish a prospectus under the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. 
The Netherlands 
For selling restrictions in respect of The Netherlands, see "Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation" above and in addition: 
Compliance with Dutch Savings Certificates Act: Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in 
definitive form of the Issuer may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, 
from or into The Netherlands through the mediation of either the Issuer or a member firm of 
Euronext Amsterdam N.V. admitted on one or more systems held or operated by Euronext 
Amsterdam N.V. in full compliance with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake 
spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended) and its implementing regulations.  No such 
mediation is required:  (a) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of rights representing an interest 
in a Zero Coupon Note in global form, or (b) in respect of the initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes 
in definitive form to the first Holders thereof, or (c) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of 
Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form between individuals not acting in the conduct of a business 
or profession, or (d) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes within, 
from or into The Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as rights 
representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form) of any particular Series are issued 
outside The Netherlands and are not distributed into The Netherlands in the course of initial 
distribution or immediately thereafter.  As used herein "Zero Coupon Notes" are Notes that are in 
bearer form and that constitute a claim for a fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest 
does not become due during their tenor or on which no interest is due whatsoever. 
New Zealand 
No action has been taken to permit the Notes to be directly or indirectly offered, sold or delivered to any 
retail investor, or otherwise under any regulated offer, in terms of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 
of New Zealand ("FMCA").  In particular, no product disclosure statement under the FMCA has been or 
will be prepared or lodged in New Zealand in relation to the Notes.   
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not directly or indirectly made any offer or 
sold or delivered and agrees it will not, directly or indirectly, make any offer, sell or deliver any Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons in New Zealand in circumstances that would require disclosure to investors 
under Part 3 of the FMCA.   
Each Dealer has agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes in New Zealand, or distribute, publish, 
deliver or disseminate in New Zealand any offering material, information memorandum (including this 
Base Prospectus), any Final Terms or advertisement in relation to any offer of Notes, Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons other than to "wholesale investors" as that term is defined in clauses 3(2)(a), (c) and (d) of Schedule 
1 to the FMCA, being a person who is:

--- Page 179 ---
- 164 - 
(a) 
an "investment business";  
(b) 
"large"; or  
(c) 
a "government agency",  
in each case as defined in Schedule 1 to the FMCA.   
For the avoidance of doubt, Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons may not be offered or transferred to any 
"eligible investor" (as defined in clause 41 of Schedule 1 to the FMCA) or to any person who, under clause 
3(2)(b) of Schedule 1 to the FMCA, meets the investment activity criteria specified in clause 38 of that 
Schedule. 
In addition, no person may distribute, deliver or disseminate any offering material or advertisement (as 
defined in the FMCA) in relation to any offer of Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons in New Zealand other 
than to such persons as referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not directly or indirectly offered, sold or delivered, and will not 
directly or indirectly offer, sell or deliver, any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons to persons whom it 
reasonably believes to be persons to whom any amounts payable on the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and 
Talons are or would be subject to New Zealand resident withholding tax, unless such persons: 
(a) 
certify that they have RWT-exempt status for New Zealand resident withholding tax purposes; and 
(b) 
provide a New Zealand tax file number to such Dealer (in which event the Dealer shall provide 
details thereof to the Issuer, the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and each Paying Agent pursuant to the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement). 
Norway 
Notes denominated in Norwegian Kroner may not be offered or sold within Norway or to or for the account 
or benefit of persons domiciled in Norway, unless the regulation relating to the offer of VPS Notes and the 
registration in the VPS has been complied with. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will comply with all laws, regulations and guidelines applicable to 
the offering of Notes in the Kingdom of Norway. 
Portugal 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes may not be and will not be offered to the public in Portugal 
under circumstances which are deemed to be a public offer under the Portuguese Securities Code (Código 
dos Valores Mobiliários) enacted by Decree-Law no. 486/99 of 13 November 1999, as amended, replaced 
and/or restated from time to time (the "Portuguese Securities Code") (or under any legislation which may 
replace or supplement it in this respect from time to time), unless the requirements and provisions applicable 
to the public offerings in Portugal are met and the registration, filing, approval or recognition procedures 
with the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários, the 
"CMVM") are made. In particular, the offer of new securities might be made through a private placement 
(oferta particular), in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code (or under 
any legislation which may replace or supplement it in this respect from time to time), including, inter alia, 
exclusively to qualified investors (investidores qualificados) within the meaning of Article 30 of the 
Portuguese Securities Code (or under any legislation which may replace or supplement it in this respect 
from time to time). 
In addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that, other than in compliance with all applicable 
provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code (or under any legislation which may replace or supplement it 
in this respect from time to time), the EU Prospectus Regulation and any applicable CMVM regulations 
and all relevant Portuguese securities laws and regulations, in any such case that may be applicable to it in 
respect of any offer or sale of Notes by it in Portugal or to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or 
having permanent establishment located in Portuguese territory, as the case may be, including compliance 
with the rules and regulations that require the publication of a prospectus, when applicable, (i) no action

--- Page 180 ---
- 165 - 
has been or will be taken as to directly or indirectly offer, advertise, market, invite to subscribe, gather 
investment intentions, sell, re-sell, re-offer or deliver any Notes in circumstances which could qualify as a 
public offer (oferta pública) of securities pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code (or under any 
legislation which may replace or supplement it in this respect from time to time), notably in circumstances 
which could qualify as a public offer addressed to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having 
permanent establishment located in Portuguese territory, as the case may be, (ii) no action has been or will 
be taken as to distribute, make available or cause to be distributed this Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material relating to the Notes to the public in Portugal, and (iii) any such distribution or placement of the 
Notes shall only be authorised and performed to the extent that there is full compliance with such laws and 
regulations. 
Spain 
Notes may not be offered, sold or distributed in the Kingdom of Spain save in accordance with the 
requirements of the consolidated text of the Securities Market Law approved by legislative Royal Decree 
4/2015 of 23 October (Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto 
refundido de la Ley del Mercado de Valores), as amended and restated (the "Securities Market Law"), 
and the decrees and regulations made thereunder and by institutions authorised under the Securities Market 
Law and Royal Decree 217/2008, of 15 February, on the legal regime applicable to investment services 
companies (Real Decreto 217/2008, de 15 de febrero, sobre el régimen jurídico de las empresas de 
servicios de inversión y de las demás entidades que prestan servicios de inversión y por el que se modifica 
parcialmente el Reglamento de la Ley 35/2003, de 4 de noviembre, de Instituciones de Inversión Colectiva, 
aprobado por el Real Decreto 1309/2005, de 4 de noviembre), as amended and restated, to provide 
investment services in Spain. 
Sweden 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that no Notes will be offered to the public in Sweden nor admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in Sweden unless and until (A) a prospectus in relation to those Notes has been 
approved by the competent authority in Sweden or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State 
of the European Economic Area and such competent authority has notified the competent authority in 
Sweden, all in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation; or (B) an exemption from the requirement 
to prepare a prospectus is available under the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Switzerland 
Unless indicated otherwise in the relevant Final Terms, (i) the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly 
or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA"), (ii) no 
application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral 
trading facility) in Switzerland, (iii) neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and (iv) neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed 
or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Taiwan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered or filed with, or approved by the Financial Supervisory 
Commission of the Republic of China (Taiwan) and/or other regulatory authority or agency of Taiwan 
pursuant to relevant securities laws and regulations of Taiwan and may not be issued, offered, or sold in 
the Republic of China (Taiwan) through a public offering or in circumstances which constitute an offer 
within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Act of Taiwan or relevant laws and regulations that 
requires a registration or filing with or approval of the Financial Supervisory Commission and/or other 
regulatory authority or agency of the Republic of China (Taiwan). No person or entity in the Republic of 
China (Taiwan) has been authorized to offer or sell the Notes in the Republic of China (Taiwan). 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
legend as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering

--- Page 181 ---
- 166 - 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. 
(a) 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or 
more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iii) 
in relation to any Exempt Notes with a minimum denomination below €100,000 or its 
equivalent in any other currency, not a qualified investor as defined in  Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus 
Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to 
the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject 
to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any 
such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Other United Kingdom Regulatory Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii)  
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons:

--- Page 182 ---
- 167 - 
(A)  
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of FSMA 
by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not, or, in the case 
of the Issuer would not, if it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
The United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealership Agreement, it has not offered, sold or 
delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise 
until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche as 
certified to the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer by such Dealer (or, in the case of a sale of a Tranche of Notes to 
or through more than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers as to the Notes of such Tranche purchased by or 
through it, in which case the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer shall notify each such Dealer when all such Dealers 
have so certified) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such 
Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating 
thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Canada 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, qualified for sale under the securities laws of Canada or any 
province or territory thereof.  Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold, distributed, or 
delivered, and that it will not offer, sell, distribute, or deliver, any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada 
or to, or for the benefit of, any resident thereof in contravention of the securities laws of Canada or any 
province or territory thereof.  Each Dealer has also agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme may be required to agree, not to distribute or deliver this Base Prospectus, or any other offering 
materials relating to the Notes, in Canada in contravention of the securities laws of Canada or any province 
or territory thereof .  If the relevant Final Terms or any other offering materials relating to the Notes provide 
that the Notes may be offered, sold or distributed in Canada, the issue of the Notes will be subject to such 
additional selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or other offering materials relating to such Notes.  Each Dealer, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme, will be required to agree that it will offer, sell and distribute such Notes 
only in compliance with such additional Canadian selling restrictions.

--- Page 183 ---
- 168 - 
In particular, the Notes may be sold only to purchasers in the provinces of Canada purchasing, or deemed 
to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as 
defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations.  Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies 
for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus or any supplement to this Base Prospectus (including any 
amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are 
exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's 
province or territory.  The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation 
of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended, (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 
6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)) or to others for re-
offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, FIEA 
and other relevant laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
The People's Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes are not being offered or sold and may not be offered or sold 
directly or indirectly within the People's Republic of China (for such purposes and under this section, not 
including Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions or Taiwan (the "PRC")). This Base 
Prospectus or any information contained or incorporated by reference herein does not constitute an offer to 
sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC. This Base Prospectus, any information 
contained herein or the Notes have not been, and will not be, submitted to, approved by, verified by or 
registered with relevant governmental and regulatory authorities in the PRC pursuant to relevant laws and 
regulations and thus may not be supplied to the public in the PRC or used in connection with any offer for 
the subscription or sale of the Notes in the PRC. 
The Notes may only be invested by or sold to the PRC investors that are authorised to engage in the 
investment in the Notes of the type being offered or sold.  PRC investors are responsible for obtaining all 
relevant governmental approvals, verifications, licences or registrations (if any) themselves from all 
relevant PRC governmental and regulatory authorities, including, but not limited to, the People's Bank of 
China, the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the 
China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission and other relevant regulatory bodies, and complying 
with all relevant PRC regulations, including, but not limited to, any relevant foreign exchange regulations 
and/or overseas investment regulations. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that (i) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, 
by means of any document, any Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong ("SFO")) other than (a) to "professional 
investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which 
do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap.32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and (ii) it has not issued or had in 
its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, 
whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which 
is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except 
if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or

--- Page 184 ---
- 169 - 
are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore.  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and it has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, 
(b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, 
or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except:  
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;  
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(e) 
 as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that: 
(a) 
With the exception of the approval by the Central Bank of this Base Prospectus as a base 
prospectus issued in compliance with the EU Prospectus Regulation and other than with respect 
to the admission of the Notes to listing, trading and/or quotation by the relevant listing authorities, 
stock exchanges and/or quotation systems, no action has been or will be taken in any country or 
jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers that would permit a public offering of Notes, or possession 
or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required.  Persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver 
Notes or have in their possession, publish or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their 
own expense. 
(b) 
The Dealership Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions 
relating to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a

--- Page 185 ---
- 170 - 
result of change(s) or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws 
and regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers 
described in paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer.  Any such 
supplement or modification will be set out in a supplement to this document or in the Subscription 
Agreement or Dealer Accession Letter, as relevant.

--- Page 186 ---
- 171 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The update of the Programme was authorised by a duly convened meeting of the board of directors 
of the Issuer held on 5 September 2018. 
2. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries is, or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which 
the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months before the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, 
or have had in such period significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer 
or the Nordea Group. 
3. 
Since 31 December 2020, the date to which the latest consolidated audited financial statements of 
the Issuer were prepared, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
or the Nordea Group, except for the impact of the coronavirus outbreak referred to in the Risk 
Factor headed "The global coronavirus outbreak, which has negatively impacted the economies 
exposed to the outbreak, could have a material adverse effect on the Nordea Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations and adversely affect the Nordea Group's ability to 
access capital and liquidity." on page [7] of this Base Prospectus.  
4. 
Since 31 March 2021, the date to which the latest published consolidated financial statements of 
the Issuer were prepared, (i) there has been no significant change in the financial performance or 
the financial position of the Issuer or the Nordea Group and (ii) there has been no significant change 
in the financial or trading position of the Issuer or the Nordea Group. 
5. 
The consolidated financial statements of the Nordea Group have been audited without qualification 
for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 by authorised public accountants 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy. The auditors of the Issuer are PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy. The 
auditors of the Issuer have no material interest in the Issuer. 
6. 
For the 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, physical copies and, where 
appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be inspected during normal 
business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in London and the registered office of the 
Issuer and at https://www.nordea.com/en/investor-relations/debt-and-rating/: 
(a) 
the certificate of Registration and Articles of Association of the Issuer (as the same may 
be updated from time to time); 
(b) 
the Fiscal Agency Agreement (as amended from time to time) (which contains the forms 
of the Notes); 
(c) 
the Deed of Covenant (as supplemented from time to time); 
(d) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019, in each case including the audit reports relating 
thereto; 
(e) 
this Base Prospectus, together with any supplements thereto; 
(f) 
the Final Terms for issues listed on any stock exchange and issued pursuant to this Base 
Prospectus; and 
(g) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the websites referred to in this Base Prospectus do not form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
For as long as the Programme remains valid with the Central Bank, copies of the following 
documents will be available on the website of Euronext Dublin:  
(a) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted 
to trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin; and

--- Page 187 ---
- 172 - 
(b) 
any supplements to this Base Prospectus, any future base prospectuses relating to the 
Programme and any supplements to any future base prospectuses relating to the 
Programme. 
In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation on any 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or which is not offered in the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation (including Exempt Notes), copies of the Final Terms will only be available 
for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in London 
and the registered office of the Issuer by the Holders of such Notes. 
7. 
It is expected that each Series of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin and admitted to trading on its regulated market or the Global Exchange Market will be 
admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of a Temporary Global Note 
initially representing the Notes of such Series or, as the case may be, the relevant Registered Notes 
and the approval of the Programme in respect of such Note(s) will be granted on or about 7 May 
2021. 
8. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be allocated an International Securities Identification Number ("ISIN"), 
Common Code, Financial Instrument Short Name ("FISN"), Classification of Financial 
Instruments ("CFI") code and/or other securities identifier. Notes issued in Series comprising more 
than one Tranche may be assigned a temporary ISIN and Common Code or other securities 
identifier on issue. 
9. 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Issuer is 529900ODI3047E2LIV03. 
10. 
The Issuer's website is https://www.nordea.com. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
11. 
Settlement arrangements will be agreed between the Issuer, the relevant Dealer and the Fiscal 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar in relation to each Series. 
12. 
There are no material contracts having been entered into outside the ordinary course of the Issuer's 
business and which could result in any Group member being under an obligation or entitlement 
that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes 
being issued. 
13. 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
14. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. They have received, or may in the future receive, 
customary fees and commissions for these transactions. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates 
may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related 
derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies 
on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their 
exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and 
for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to 
the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and 
their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially 
the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading 
prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of

--- Page 188 ---
- 173 - 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
15. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
16. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer 
in relation to the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 189 ---
- 174 - 
ANNEX 1 – UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE NORDEA 
GROUP FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED 31 MARCH 2021, INCLUDING THE 
INCLUDING THE AUDITOR'S REVIEW REPORT AND THE NOTES RELATING THERETO

--- Page 190 ---
Nordea
           First quarter 2021
32
Q1
Income statement
Q1
Q1
Full year
Note
2021
2020
2020
EURm
Operating income
Interest income calculated using the effective interest rate method
1,309
1,557
5,536
Other interest income
252
303
1,071
Negative yield on financial assets
-82
-62
-280
Interest expense
-387
-739
-2,013
Negative yield on financial liabilities
120
50
201
Net interest income
1,212
1,109
4,515
Fee and commission income
1,058
986
3,856
Fee and commission expense
-231
-221
-897
Net fee and commission income
3
827
765
2,959
Net result from items at fair value
4
370
110
900
Profit from associated undertakings and joint ventures accounted for under the equity method
-14
-2
-1
Other operating income
25
20
93
Total operating income
2,420
2,002
8,466
Operating expenses
General administrative expenses:
Staff costs
-682
-699
-2,752
Other expenses
5
-486
-419
-1,286
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment charges of tangible and intangible assets
6
-151
-130
-605
Total operating expenses
-1,319
-1,248
-4,643
Profit before loan losses
1,101
754
3,823
Net result on loans in hold portfolios mandatorily held at fair value
11
-1
48
Net loan losses
7
-63
-154
-908
Operating profit
1,049
599
2,963
Income tax expense
-261
-139
-698
Net profit for the period 
788
460
2,265
Attributable to:
Shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp
762
433
2,238
Additional Tier 1 capital holders
26
27
27
Total
788
460
2,265
Basic earnings per share, EUR
0.19
0.11
0.55
Diluted earnings per share, EUR
0.19
0.11
0.55
Statement of comprehensive income
Q1
Q1
Full year
2021
2020
2020
EURm
Net profit for the period
788
460
2,265
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the income statement
Currency translation differences 
150
-996
-196
Hedging of net investments in foreign operations:
Valuation gains/losses 
1
623
117
Fair value through other comprehensive income1:
Valuation gains/losses, net of recycling
-25
-113
55
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
5
26
-9
Cash flow hedges:
Valuation gains/losses, net of recycling
-41
42
21
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
8
-9
-5
Items that may not be reclassified subsequently to the income statement
Changes in own credit risk related to liabilities classified as fair value option:
Valuation gains/losses 
-1
37
-9
Tax on valuation gains/losses
0
-7
3
Defined benefit plans:
Remeasurement of defined benefit plans
198
-105
22
Tax on remeasurement of defined benefit plans
-38
26
-4
Other comprehensive income from companies accounted for under the equity method
0
0
-1
Tax on other comprehensive income from companies accounted for under the equity method
0
0
0
Other comprehensive income, net of tax
257
-476
-6
Total comprehensive income 
1,045
-16
2,259
Attributable to:
Shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp 
1,019
-43
2,232
Additional Tier 1 capital holders
26
27
27
Total
1,045
-16
2,259
1 Valuation gains/losses related to hedged risks under fair value hedge accounting are accounted for directly in the income statement.

--- Page 191 ---
Nordea
           First quarter 2021
33
Q1
Balance sheet
31 Mar
31 Dec
31 Mar
Note
2021
2020
2020
EURm
Assets
9
Cash and balances with central banks 
56,843
32,955
41,420
Loans to central banks
8
27
3,123
12,633
Loans to credit institutions
8
10,478
3,123
16,074
Loans to the public
8
333,622
329,765
324,341
Interest-bearing securities
66,739
62,509
71,690
Financial instruments pledged as collateral
3,948
3,795
7,742
Shares 
19,324
12,649
12,836
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts
39,783
36,484
25,961
Derivatives 
36,000
44,770
56,934
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
222
359
332
Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures
545
555
557
Intangible assets
3,817
3,771
3,531
Properties and equipment
1,875
1,931
1,955
Investment properties
1,596
1,535
1,478
Deferred tax assets
340
406
443
Current tax assets
355
300
309
Retirement benefit assets
283
144
163
Other assets
14,557
13,349
21,223
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
747
637
772
Total assets
591,101
552,160
600,394
Liabilities
9
Deposits by credit institutions
43,431
23,939
63,308
Deposits and borrowings from the public
198,169
183,431
173,992
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts
40,824
37,534
27,378
Liabilities to policyholders
18,805
18,178
16,736
Debt securities in issue 
183,101
174,309
183,927
Derivatives 
36,786
47,033
55,386
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
1,893
2,608
2,792
Current tax liabilities
186
305
500
Other liabilities
24,182
21,341
33,335
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
1,624
1,404
1,595
Deferred tax liabilities
458
436
450
Provisions
559
596
531
Retirement benefit obligations
295
365
493
Subordinated liabilities
6,299
6,941
8,495
Total liabilities
556,612
518,420
568,918
Equity
Additional Tier 1 capital holders
749
748
750
Non-controlling interests
9
9
34
Share capital
4,050
4,050
4,050
Invested unrestricted equity
1,072
1,063
1,072
Other reserves
-1,810
-2,067
-2,538
Retained earnings
30,419
29,937
28,108
Total equity
34,489
33,740
31,476
Total liabilities and equity
591,101
552,160
600,394
Off-balance sheet commitments
Assets pledged as security for own liabilities
178,895
176,364
198,314
Other assets pledged1
348
267
20
Contingent liabilities
20,316
19,347
17,852
Credit commitments2
88,275
88,791
72,163
Other commitments
1,755
1,769
1,788
1 Includes interest-bearing securities pledged as security for payment settlements with central banks and clearing institutions. From the third quarter of 2020
 only securities pledged for overnight liquidity have been disclosed (securities pledged for intraday liquidity have been excluded). Comparative figures 
  have been restated.
2 Including unutilised portion of approved overdraft facilities of EUR 31,806m (31 December 2020: EUR 32,859m; 31 March 2020: EUR 28,794m).

--- Page 192 ---
Nordea
           First quarter 2021
34
Q1
Statement of changes in equity
Attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp
Other reserves:
EURm
Share 
capital1 
 Invested 
un- 
restricted 
equity
Trans-
lation of 
foreign 
opera-
tions
Cash 
flow 
hedges
Fair 
value 
through 
other 
compre-
hensive 
income
Defined 
benefit 
plans
Changes 
in own 
credit risk 
related to 
liabilities 
classified 
as fair 
value 
option
Retained 
earnings
Total
Addi-
tional 
Tier 1 
capital 
holders
Non-
cont-
rolling 
interests
Total 
equity
Balance as at 1 Jan 2021
4,050
1,063
-2,020
-10
91
-117
-11
29,937
32,983
748
9
33,740
Net profit for the period
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
762
762
26
-
788
Other comprehensive
income, net of tax
-
-
151
-33
-20
160
-1
0
257
-
-
257
Total comprehensive income 
-
-
151
-33
-20
160
-1
762
1,019
26
-
1,045
Paid interest on AT1 capital
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-26
-
-26
Change in additional AT1 
capital
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
1
-
1
Share-based payments
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
3
3
-
-
3
Dividend 2020
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-283
-283
-
-
-283
Divestment of own shares2
-
9
-
-
-
-
-
-
9
-
-
9
Change in non-controlling 
interests
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
0
0
Balance as at 31 Mar 2021
4,050
1,072
-1,869
-43
71
43
-12
30,419
33,731
749
9
34,489
Balance as at 1 Jan 2020
4,050
1,080
-1,941
-26
45
-135
-5
27,672
30,740
748
40
31,528
Net profit for the period
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
2,238
2,238
27
-
2,265
Other comprehensive
income, net of tax
-
-
-79
16
46
18
-6
-1
-6
-
-
-6
Total comprehensive income 
-
-
-79
16
46
18
-6
2,237
2,232
27
-
2,259
Paid interest on AT1 capital
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-27
-
-27
Change in additional AT1 
capital
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
0
-
0
Share-based payments
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
6
6
-
-
6
Purchase of own shares2
-
-17
-
-
-
-
-
-
-17
-
-
-17
Other changes
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
22
22
-
-
22
Change in non-controlling 
interests
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-31
-31
Balance as at 31 Dec 2020
4,050
1,063
-2,020
-10
91
-117
-11
29,937
32,983
748
9
33,740
Balance as at 1 Jan 2020
4,050
1,080
-1,941
-26
45
-135
-5
27,672
30,740
748
40
31,528
Net profit for the period
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
433
433
27
-
460
Other comprehensive
income, net of tax
-
-
-373
33
-87
-79
30
0
-476
-
-
-476
Total comprehensive income 
-
-
-373
33
-87
-79
30
433
-43
27
-
-16
Paid interest on AT1 capital
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-27
-
-27
Change in additional AT1 
capital
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
2
-
2
Share-based payments
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
3
3
-
-
3
Purchase of own shares2
-
-8
-
-
-
-
-
-
-8
-
-
-8
Change in non-controlling 
interests
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-6
-6
Balance as at 31 Mar 2020
4,050
1,072
-2,314
7
-42
-214
25
28,108
30,692
750
34
31,476
1 Total shares registered were 4,050 million (31 December 2020: 4,050 million; 31 March 2020: 4,050 million). The number of own shares was 10.9
  million (31 December 2020: 11.9 million; 31 March 2020: 12.8 million), which represents 0.3% (31 December 2020: 0.3%; 31 March 2020: 0.3%) 
  of the total shares in Nordea. Each share represents one voting right.
2 Refers to the change in the holding of own shares related to treasury shares held for remuneration purposes and to the trading portfolio. The number of 
  treasury shares held for remuneration purposes was 8.2 million (31 December 2020: 8.2 million; 31 March 2020: 9.2 million).

--- Page 193 ---
Nordea
           First quarter 2021
35
Q1
Cash flow statement, condensed 
Jan-Mar
Jan-Mar
Full year
2021
2020
2020
EURm
Operating activities
Operating profit
1,049
599
2,963
Adjustments for items not included in cash flow
517
-808
2,074
Income taxes paid
-376
-237
-987
Cash flow from operating activities before changes in operating assets and liabilities
1,190
-446
4,050
Changes in operating assets and liabilities
21,551
9,245
-5,393
Cash flow from operating activities
22,741
8,799
-1,343
Investing activities
Acquisition/sale of business operations
-
-
-552
Acquisition/sale of associated undertakings and joint ventures
-
-2
10
Acquisition/sale of properties and equipment
-1
-15
-50
Acquisition/sale of intangible assets
-97
-106
-418
Cash flow from investing activities
-98
-123
-1,010
Financing activities
Issued/amortised subordinated liabilities
-750
-1,330
-2,459
Divestment/repurchase of own shares, including change in trading portfolio
9
-8
-17
Dividend paid
-283
-
-
Paid interest on Additional Tier 1 capital
-26
-27
-27
Amortisation of the principal part of lease liabilities
-32
-36
-143
Cash flow from financing activities
-1,082
-1,401
-2,646
Cash flow for the period
21,561
7,275
-4,999
Cash and cash equivalents
31 Mar
31 Mar
31 Dec
2021
2020
2020
EURm
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period
36,203
41,164
41,164
Translation difference
336
-190
38
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period
58,100
48,249
36,203
Change 
21,561
7,275
-4,999
The following items are included in cash and cash equivalents: 
Cash and balances with central banks
56,843
41,420
32,955
Loans to central banks
4
4,721
2,426
Loans to credit institutions
1,253
2,108
822
Total cash and cash equivalents
58,100
48,249
36,203
Cash comprises legal tender and bank notes in foreign currencies. Balances with central banks consist of deposits in accounts with central banks and postal 
giro systems under government authority where the following conditions are fulfilled:
- the central bank or postal giro system is domiciled in the country where the institution is established;
- the balance on the account is readily available at any time.
Loans to credit institutions payable on demand include liquid assets not represented by bonds or other interest-bearing securities.

--- Page 194 ---
Nordea
           First quarter 2021
36
Q1
Notes to the financial statements
Note 1
Accounting policies
The consolidated interim financial statements are prepared 
in accordance with International Accounting Standard (IAS) 
34, “Interim Financial Reporting”, as endorsed by the 
European Union (EU). 
The report includes a condensed set of financial 
statements and is to be read in conjunction with the audited 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2020. The accounting policies and methods of 
computation are unchanged from Note G1 in the Annual 
Report 2020, except for those relating to the items 
presented in the section “Changed accounting policies and 
presentation” below. For more information, see Note G1 in 
the Annual Report 2020. 
Changed accounting policies and presentation
The following changes in accounting policies and 
presentation were implemented by Nordea on 1 January 
2021.
Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2
In 2020 the International Accounting Standards Board 
(IASB) published amendments to International Financial 
Reporting Standard (IFRS) 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and 
IFRS 16 in “Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2”. 
Phase 2 of the interbank offered rate (IBOR) reform 
includes three major areas: hedge accounting, 
modifications and disclosures. The amendments were 
implemented by Nordea on 1 January 2021. Hedge 
relationships in Nordea have been able to continue as 
before and no material modification gains or losses have 
been recognised.
The amendments clarify that hedge accounting does not 
have to be discontinued in the event that hedged items and 
hedging instruments are modified due to the IBOR reform. 
Hedging relationships (and related documentation) must be 
amended to reflect modifications to the hedged item, 
hedging instrument and hedged risk. Any valuation 
adjustments resulting from the amendments are recognised 
as part of hedge ineffectiveness.
Modifications required as a direct consequence of the 
IBOR reform and made on an economically equivalent 
basis are not accounted for as modifications to instruments 
measured at amortised cost. For such modifications, the 
effective interest rate is amended in line with the modified 
cash flows.
Other amendments
The following amended standard issued by the IASB was 
implemented by Nordea on 1 January 2021, but has not 
had any significant impact on Nordea’s financial 
statements. 
• Amendments to IFRS 4, “Insurance Contracts” – deferral 
of IFRS 9
Changes in IFRS not yet applied
IFRS 17, “Insurance contracts”
The new standard IFRS 17, “Insurance contracts”, will 
change the accounting requirements for the recognition, 
measurement, presentation and disclosure of insurance 
contracts.
The measurement principles will change from a non-
uniform accounting policy based on the local accounting
policies in the life insurance subsidiaries to a uniform 
accounting policy based on three measurement models: 
the Building Block Approach (BBA), the Variable Fee 
Approach (VFA) and the Premium Allocation Approach 
(PAA). The model application depends on the terms of the 
contracts (long term, long term with a variable fee or short 
term). The three measurement models include consistent 
definitions of contractual cash flows, the risk adjustment 
margin and discounting. These definitions are based on 
principles similar to those for calculating technical 
provisions in the Solvency II capital requirements directive. 
Unearned future premiums will be recognised as a 
provision on the balance sheet and released to revenue 
when the insurance service is provided. Any unprofitable 
contracts will be recognised in the income statement at the 
time the contract is signed and approved.
IFRS 17 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning 
on or after 1 January 2023, with earlier application 
permitted. The standard is not yet endorsed by the EU. 
Nordea does not currently intend to adopt the standard 
early. Nordea’s current assessment is that the new 
standard will not have any significant impact on its capital 
adequacy or large exposures in the period of initial 
application. It is not yet possible to conclude on the impact 
on Nordea’s financial statements.
Other amendments to IFRS
Other amendments to IFRS are not assessed to have any 
significant impact on Nordea’s financial statements, capital 
adequacy or large exposures in the period of their initial 
application.
Critical judgements and estimation uncertainty
Nordea applied significant critical judgements in the 
preparation of this interim report due to significant 
uncertainty concerning the potential long-term impact of 
COVID-19 on its financial statements. More information on 
where critical judgements are generally applied and where 
estimation uncertainty exists can be found in section 4 of 
Note G1, “Accounting policies”, in the Annual Report 2020. 
No impairment of goodwill was identified during the first 
quarter, but significant estimation uncertainty exists in 
relation to the long-term impact on Nordea’s financial 
statements and the impairment need will be continuously 
reassessed. Both an increase in the discount rate of 1 
percentage point and a reduction in the future growth rate 
of 1 percentage point are considered to be reasonably 
possible changes in key assumptions. Such changes would 
not result in any impairment.
 
Exchange rates 
Jan-Mar
Jan-Dec
Jan-Mar
2021
2020
2020
EUR 1 = SEK
Income statement (average)
10.1189
10.4889
10.6603
Balance sheet (at end of period)
10.2408
10.0220
10.9860
EUR 1 = DKK
Income statement (average)
7.4372
7.4543
7.4714
Balance sheet (at end of period)
7.4377
7.4405
7.4642
EUR 1 = NOK
Income statement (average)
10.2638
10.7291
10.4678
Balance sheet (at end of period)
10.0195
10.4703
11.5405
EUR 1 = RUB
Income statement (average)
89.6807
82.6596
73.7331
Balance sheet (at end of period)
88.4305
90.8041
86.1382

--- Page 195 ---
Nordea
           First quarter 2021
37
Q1
Note 2
Segment reporting
Jan-Mar 2021
Personal 
Banking 
Business 
Banking
Large 
Corporates & 
Institutions
Asset & 
Wealth 
Management
Other 
operating 
segments
Total 
operating 
segments
Recon-
ciliation
Total 
Group
Total operating income, EURm
868
633
616
290
62
2,469
-49
2,420
 - of which internal transactions1
-59
-10
-31
-7
107
0
-
-
Operating profit, EURm
364
290
307
162
57
1,180
-131
1,049
Loans to the public2, EURbn
162
91
44
10
0
307
27
334
Deposits and borrowings from the public, EURbn
81
51
41
10
0
183
15
198
Jan-Mar 2020
Total operating income, EURm
837
579
409
258
-72
2,011
-9
2,002
 - of which internal transactions1
-156
-58
-89
-3
306
0
-
-
Operating profit, EURm
322
218
89
130
-83
676
-77
599
Loans to the public2, EURbn
154
85
50
9
0
298
26
324
Deposits and borrowings from the public, EURbn
75
42
37
10
0
164
10
174
1 IFRS 8 requires information on revenues from transactions between operating segments. Nordea has defined intersegment revenues as internal interest
  related to the funding of the reportable operating segments by the internal bank in Group Finance, included in "Other operating segments".
2 The volumes are only disclosed separately for operating segments if separately reported to the Chief Operating Decision-Maker.
Reconciliation between total operating segments and financial statements
Operating profit, 
EURm
Loans to the public, 
EURbn
Deposits and 
borrowings 
from the public, 
EURbn
Jan-Mar
31 Mar
31 Mar
2021
2020
2021
2020
2021
2020
Total operating segments
1,180
676
307
298
183
164
Group Functions1 
12
-52
-
-
-
-
Unallocated items
-154
-22
23
37
13
15
Differences in accounting policies2
11
-3
4
-11
2
-5
Total
1,049
599
334
324
198
174
1 Consists of Group Business Support, Group Internal Audit, Chief of Staff Office, Group People, Group Legal and Group Risk & Compliance.
2 Impact from plan exchange rates used in the segment reporting.
Measurement of operating segments' performance
The measurement principles and allocation between operating segments follow the information reported to the Chief Operating Decision-Maker (CODM), as 
required by IFRS 8. In Nordea the CODM has been defined as the Chief Executive Officer, who is supported by the other members of the Group Leadership 
Team. The main difference compared with the section "Business areas" in this report is that the information in Note 2 is prepared using plan exchange rates, 
as this is the basis used in the reporting to the CODM. 
Financial results are presented for the main business areas Personal Banking, Business Banking, Large Corporates & Institutions and Asset & Wealth 
Management. These are identified as reportable operating segments and are reported separately, as they are above the quantitative thresholds in IFRS 8. 
Other operating segments below the thresholds are included in Other operating segments. Group Functions (and eliminations), as well as the result that is not 
fully allocated to any of the operating segments, are shown separately as reconciling items.
There have been no changes in the basis of segmentation during the year.

--- Page 196 ---
Nordea
           First quarter 2021
38
Q1
Note 3
Net fee and commission income
Q1
Q4
Q1
2021
2020
2020
EURm
Asset management commissions
416
398
359
Life and pension commissions
64
70
68
Deposit products
6
8
7
Brokerage, securities issues and corporate finance
77
64
64
Custody and issuer services
0
12
5
Payments  
80
66
77
Cards
35
44
47
Lending products
121
117
105
Guarantees
25
23
22
Other
3
-10
11
Total
827
792
765
Breakdown
Jan-Mar 2021
Personal 
Banking
Business 
Banking
Large 
Corporates & 
Institutions
Asset & 
Wealth 
Management
Other 
operating 
segments
Other and 
elimination
s
Nordea 
Group
EURm
Asset management commissions
152
27
1
236
0
0
416
Life and pension commissions
53
20
1
-10
0
0
64
Deposit products
1
5
0
0
0
0
6
Brokerage, securities issues and corporate finance
6
16
48
11
1
-5
77
Custody and issuer services
0
0
2
0
-2
0
0
Payments  
20
42
18
0
0
0
80
Cards
29
5
1
0
0
0
35
Lending products
32
39
49
1
0
0
121
Guarantees
2
7
16
0
0
0
25
Other
1
5
1
-3
-1
0
3
Total
296
166
137
235
-2
-5
827
Breakdown
Jan-Mar 2020
Personal 
Banking
Business 
Banking
Large 
Corporates & 
Institutions
Asset & 
Wealth 
Management
Other 
operating 
segments
Other and 
elimination
s
Nordea 
Group
EURm
Asset management commissions
141
25
2
191
0
0
359
Life and pension commissions
47
17
1
3
0
0
68
Deposit products
2
5
0
0
0
0
7
Brokerage, securities issues and corporate finance
7
10
35
12
0
0
64
Custody and issuer services
2
0
5
0
-2
0
5
Payments  
17
42
17
0
1
0
77
Cards
39
6
2
0
0
0
47
Lending products
31
34
39
0
0
1
105
Guarantees
2
7
13
0
0
0
22
Other
7
4
10
-6
-1
-3
11
Total
295
150
124
200
-2
-2
765
Note 4
 Net result from items at fair value
Q1
Q4
Q1
2021
2020
2020
EURm
Equity-related instruments
189
74
-75
Interest-related instruments and foreign exchange gains/losses
102
-45
481
Other financial instruments (including credit and commodities)
52
175
-322
Life & Pension1
27
13
26
Total
370
217
110
1 Internal transactions not eliminated against other lines in the Note. The line Life & Pension consequently provides the true impact from the life insurance
  operations.
Breakdown of Life & Pension
Q1
Q4
Q1
2021
2020
2020
EURm
Equity-related instruments
544
488
-1,226
Interest-related instruments and foreign exchange gains/losses
-34
134
-91
Investment properties
66
10
11
Change in technical provisions1
-180
-427
684
Change in collective bonus potential
-381
-204
637
Insurance risk income
17
16
16
Insurance risk expense
-5
-4
-5
Total
27
13
26
1 Premium income amounts to EUR 95m for the first quarter of 2021 (Fourth quarter of 2020: EUR 83m; first quarter of 2020: EUR 71m).

--- Page 197 ---
Nordea
           First quarter 2021
39
Q1
Note 5
Other expenses
Q1
Q4
Q1
2021
2020
2020
EURm
Information technology
-124
-151
-120
Marketing and representation
-7
-21
-9
Postage, transportation, telephone and office expenses
-14
-16
-15
Rents, premises and real estate 
-26
-32
-27
Resolution fee
-224
-
-153
Other 
-91
-99
-95
Total
-486
-319
-419
Note 6
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment charges of tangible and intangible assets
Q1
Q4
Q1
2021
2020
2020
EURm
Depreciation/amortisation
Properties and equipment
-63
-60
-67
Intangible assets
-86
-84
-58
Total
-149
-144
-125
Impairment charges
Properties and equipment
-2
-1
0
Intangible assets
0
-32
-5
Total
-2
-33
-5
Total
-151
-177
-130
Note 7
Net loan losses
Q1
Q4
Q1
2021
2020
2020
EURm
Net loan losses, stage 1
-6
-11
-23
Net loan losses, stage 2
16
3
13
Net loan losses, non-defaulted
10
-8
-10
Stage 3, defaulted
Net loan losses, individually assessed, collectively calculated
10
43
-87
Realised loan losses
-102
-228
-69
Decrease in provisions to cover realised loan losses
64
130
38
Recoveries on previous realised loan losses
7
6
31
Reimbursement right
0
1
-1
New/increase in provisions 
-211
-91
-167
Reversals of provisions
159
89
111
Net loan losses, defaulted
-73
-50
-144
Net loan losses
-63
-58
-154
Key ratios
Q1
Q4
Q1
2021
2020
2020
Net loan loss ratio, amortised cost, bp
10
9
26
- of which stage 1
1
2
4
- of which stage 2
-3
-1
-2
- of which stage 3
12
8
24

--- Page 198 ---
Nordea
           First quarter 2021
40
Q1
Note 8
Loans and impairment
Total
31 Mar
31 Dec
31 Mar
2021
2020
2020
EURm
Loans measured at fair value
84,381
74,616
95,209
Loans measured at amortised cost, not impaired (stages 1 and 2)
258,184
259,864
255,565
Impaired loans (stage 3)
4,023
3,979
4,516
- of which servicing
1,803
1,788
2,026
- of which non-servicing
2,220
2,191
2,490
Loans before allowances
346,588
338,459
355,290
- of which central banks and credit institutions
10,508
6,250
28,719
Allowances for individually assessed impaired loans (stage 3)
-1,676
-1,674
-1,746
- of which servicing
-677
-760
-858
- of which non-servicing
-999
-914
-888
Allowances for collectively assessed impaired loans (stages 1 and 2)
-785
-774
-496
Allowances
-2,461
-2,448
-2,242
- of which central banks and credit institutions
-3
-4
-13
Loans, carrying amount
344,127
336,011
353,048
Exposures measured at amortised cost and fair value through OCI, before allowances
31 Mar 2021
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
EURm
Loans to central banks, credit institutions and the public
243,801
14,383
4,023
262,207
Interest-bearing securities1
38,202
-
-
38,202
Total
282,003
14,383
4,023
300,409
1 Of which EUR 469m relates to the balance sheet item Financial instruments pledged as collateral.
31 Mar 2020
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
EURm
Loans to central banks, credit institutions and the public
246,702
8,863
4,516
260,081
Interest-bearing securities1
35,837
-
-
35,837
Total
282,539
8,863
4,516
295,918
1 Of which EUR 1,506m relates to the balance sheet item Financial instruments pledged as collateral.
Allowances and provisions
31 Mar 2021
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
EURm
Loans to central banks, credit institutions and the public
-300
-485
-1,676
-2,461
Interest-bearing securities
-3
-1
-
-4
Provisions for off-balance sheet items
-67
-129
-29
-225
Total allowances and provisions
-370
-615
-1,705
-2,690
31 Mar 2020
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
EURm
Loans to central banks, credit institutions and the public
-173
-323
-1,746
-2,242
Interest-bearing securities
-2
-
-
-2
Provisions for off-balance sheet items
-29
-68
-35
-132
Total allowances and provisions
-204
-391
-1,781
-2,376
Movements of allowance accounts for loans measured at amortised cost
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
EURm
Balance as at 1 Jan 2021
-284
-490
-1,674
-2,448
Changes due to origination and acquisition
-16
-1
-1
-18
Transfer from stage 1 to stage 2
10
-65
-
-55
Transfer from stage 1 to stage 3
0
-
-5
-5
Transfer from stage 2 to stage 1
-2
47
-
45
Transfer from stage 2 to stage 3
-
18
-126
-108
Transfer from stage 3 to stage 1
-1
-
4
3
Transfer from stage 3 to stage 2
-
-3
11
8
Changes due to change in credit risk (net)
-23
-24
44
-3
Changes due to repayments and disposals
20
36
22
78
Write-off through decrease in allowance account
-
-
63
63
Translation differences
-4
-3
-14
-21
Balance as at 31 Mar 2021
-300
-485
-1,676
-2,461

--- Page 199 ---
Nordea
           First quarter 2021
41
Q1
Note 8
Continued
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
EURm
Balance as at 1 Jan 2020
-153
-344
-1,686
-2,183
Changes due to origination and acquisition
-7
0
-1
-8
Transfer from stage 1 to stage 2
3
-41
-
-38
Transfer from stage 1 to stage 3
0
-
-16
-16
Transfer from stage 2 to stage 1
-44
63
-
19
Transfer from stage 2 to stage 3
-
8
-24
-16
Transfer from stage 3 to stage 1
-3
-
6
3
Transfer from stage 3 to stage 2
-
-10
6
-4
Changes due to change in credit risk (net)
26
-4
-127
-105
Changes due to repayments and disposals
1
0
1
2
Write-off through decrease in allowance account
-
-
37
37
Translation differences
4
5
58
67
Balance as at 31 Mar 2020
-173
-323
-1,746
-2,242
Key ratios1
31 Mar
31 Dec
31 Mar
2021
2020
2020
Impairment rate (stage 3), gross, basis points
153
151
174
Impairment rate (stage 3), net, basis points
90
87
107
Total allowance rate (stages 1, 2 and 3), basis points
94
93
86
Allowances in relation to impaired loans (stage 3), %
42
42
39
Allowances in relation to loans in stages 1 and 2, basis points
30
30
19
1 For definitions, see Glossary.
Forbearance
Forbearance refers to eased terms or restructuring of credit terms and conditions due to the borrower experiencing financial difficulties. The intention of granting 
forbearance for a limited period of time is to ensure full repayment of the outstanding debt. Examples of eased terms are changes to amortisation profile, repayment 
schedule and customer margin, or eased financial covenants. Forbearance is undertaken on an individual basis, according to internal guidelines, and followed by 
impairment testing. Forborne exposures can be performing or non-performing. Loan loss provisions are recognised if necessary. Customers with forbearance 
measures are transferred to stage 2, unless already identified as credit impaired (stage 3). 
On 13 March 2020 Nordea announced that it would offer COVID-19-related instalment-free periods in all Nordic countries to those mortgage and car finance 
household customers and SMEs who were experiencing temporary liquidity problems due to the COVID-19 situation. Nordea did not register COVID-19-related 
instalment-free periods as forbearance, and consequently did not automatically transfer the exposures to stage 2, due to the temporary nature of the instalment-free 
periods and as interest continued to accrue. On 1 October 2020 Nordea ended all temporary amendments to the credit risk framework and returned to its normal 
forbearance registration procedures, while still continuing to support customers through the crisis.
At the end of the first quarter of 2021 the carrying amount of loans on which Nordea had granted COVID-19-related instalment-free periods was EUR 17.9bn, of 
which 91.1% was classified as stage 1, 7.8% as stage 2 and 1.1% as stage 3 (EUR 18.6bn, of which 91.2% was classified as stage 1, 7.7% as stage 2 and 1.1% as 
stage 3 at the end of December 2020). Loans corresponding to EUR 8.5bn (of the aforementioned EUR 17.9bn) were still subject to instalment-free periods at the 
end of the quarter. The instalment-free periods have thus expired on more than half of the total carrying amount of loans on which they were originally granted, and 
customers have returned to normal payment schedules.
Sensitivities
The provisions are sensitive to rating migration even if staging triggers are not reached. The table below shows the impact on provisions of a one-notch downgrade 
on all exposures in the bank. It includes both the impact of the higher risk for all exposures and the impact of transferring exposures that reach the trigger from stage 
1 to stage 2. It also includes the impact of exposures with one rating grade above default becoming default, which is estimated at EUR 134m (EUR 139m at year-
end 2020). This figure is based on calculations using the statistical model rather than individual estimates, as would be the case in reality for material defaulted 
loans.
31 Mar 2021
31 Dec 2020
Recognised 
provisions
Provisions if one  
notch downgrade
Recognised 
provisions
Provisions if one 
notch downgrade
EURm
Personal Banking
478
629
492
646
Business Banking
1,317
1,453
1,307
1,447
Large Corporates & Institutions
886
939
874
950
Other
9
23
14
29
Group
2,690
3,044
2,687
3,072

--- Page 200 ---
Nordea
           First quarter 2021
42
Q1
Note 8
Continued 
Forward-looking information 
Forward-looking information is used both for assessing significant increases in credit risk and calculating expected credit losses. Nordea uses three macroeconomic 
scenarios: a baseline scenario, a favourable scenario and an adverse scenario. For the first quarter of 2021, the scenarios were weighted into the final expected 
credit losses (ECL) as follows: baseline 50%, adverse 45% and favourable 5% (baseline 50%, adverse 45% and favourable 5% at year-end 2020). The weight on 
the adverse scenario was increased as of the third quarter of 2020 to give more weight to the downside risks related to the COVID-19 pandemic, and was 
maintained in the first quarter of 2021, given the continued uncertainty regarding the impact of the pandemic on the economy. The baseline scenario was still 
maintained as the most probable one.
The macroeconomic scenarios are provided by Group Risk and Compliance in Nordea, based on the Oxford Economics Model. The forecast is a combination of 
modelling and expert judgement, subject to thorough checks and quality control processes. The model has been built to give a good description of the historical 
relationships between economic variables and to capture the key linkages between those variables. The forecast period in the model is ten years. For periods 
beyond, a long-term average is used in the ECL calculations.
The macroeconomic scenarios reflect Nordea’s view of how the COVID-19 virus and lockdowns will potentially impact the economic outlook. The scenarios also 
reflect the macroeconomic effects of government and central bank support measures. When developing the scenarios, Nordea took into account projections made 
by Nordic governments and central banks, Nordea Research and the ECB’s macroeconomic forecasts for the euro area.
Following a significant recovery in output during the second half of 2020, a resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic led to renewed and widespread lockdowns in 
most of Europe towards the end of 2020 and during the first quarter of 2021. All the Nordic countries are likely to have experienced a contraction in output in the first 
quarter of 2021. The high level of uncertainty in the baseline scenario, which is weighing on business investments and exports in particular, is expected to linger 
throughout 2021. Accordingly, growth is predicted to be modest in 2021. On the other hand, the eventual roll-out of vaccines, and the willingness of Nordic 
governments to extend special support measures for sectors hit by lockdowns, point to a continued but modest recovery in the baseline. This implies that the 
economic output of the Nordic countries will not return to pre-pandemic levels before the second half of 2021. The loss of output in the beginning of 2021 will weigh 
on labour markets and consumer confidence. The Nordic housing markets are expected to have positive annual growth rates in 2021.
At the end of the first quarter of 2021 adjustments to model-based allowances/provisions amounted to EUR 739m, including management judgements. The 
management judgements cover expected credit losses not yet covered by the IFRS 9 model. The cyclical reserve amounted to EUR 455m at the end of the first 
quarter of 2021 (EUR 450m at the end of the fourth quarter of 2020) and issues identified in the IFRS 9 model to be later covered in model updates (structural 
reserve) amounted to EUR 195m (EUR 200m at the end of the fourth quarter of 2020). The cyclical reserve was supported by additional portfolio modelling and was 
triggered by the substantial uncertainty in the macroeconomic development, as well as the need to account for future rating downgrades potentially underestimated 
by the IFRS 9 model through the updated macroeconomic scenarios.
The estimation of the cyclical reserve was largely unchanged in the first quarter of 2021 compared with the fourth quarter of 2020. The estimation was supported by 
the use of the internal stress testing model, adjusted for the impact of government support schemes. For the retail portfolio, the most important public sector actions 
have been the various forms of labour market support schemes, which have significantly decreased expected defaults and losses among households. Due to the 
wide scope of these schemes, Nordea decreased the modelled development of new defaults originally predicted by the internal stress testing models, leading to 
lower predicted loan losses. These models are based on historical observations and correlations. Thus, they do not replicate the impact of the current government 
support schemes.
With regard to the expected rating migration in the corporate portfolio, Nordea took into consideration the positive impact of the various government guarantee and 
support schemes, primarily addressing the liquidity shock caused by the lockdowns and quarantines. At the same time, additional negative rating migration was 
assumed for the industries affected by COVID-19. This was based on a widescale bottom-up review of large counterparties in particularly sensitive industries (e.g. 
Retail trade, Accommodation and leisure, and Air transportation), and incorporated the main findings into the scenario projections.
The stress test model-based scenario simulations support the loan loss forecasts made by the business areas, and help Nordea ensure that its loan loss projections 
are appropriate. The cyclical reserve reflects Nordea’s view of expected credit losses not yet captured by the models.

--- Page 201 ---
Nordea
           First quarter 2021
43
Q1
Note 8
Continued
Scenarios and allowances/provisions
Adjustments to
31 Mar 2021
Model-based
model-based
Individual
Total
Unweighted
allowances/
allowances/
allowances/
allowances/
ECL
Probability
provisions
provisions
provisions
provisions
Denmark
2021
2022
2023
EURm
weight
EURm
EURm
EURm
EURm
Favourable scenario
GDP growth, %
4.3
4.1
1.8
225
5%
Unemployment, %
4.4
3.9
3.5
Change in household 
consumption, %
5.0
4.1
2.6
Change in house prices, %
3.6
2.2
2.2
Baseline scenario
GDP growth, %
1.8
4.2
1.6
233
50%
239
195
368
802
Unemployment, %
5.2
4.7
4.1
Change in household 
consumption, %
3.3
3.9
2.2
Change in house prices, %
1.2
0.8
1.2
Adverse scenario
GDP growth, %
-0.5
3.7
2.7
247
45%
Unemployment, %
7.1
6.6
6.0
Change in household 
consumption, %
2.0
3.7
2.6
Change in house prices, %
-3.7
-6.3
2.6
Finland
Favourable scenario
GDP growth, %
2.4
3.1
1.7
172
5%
Unemployment, %
7.4
6.6
6.3
Change in household 
consumption, %
2.0
3.1
2.7
Change in house prices, %
3.0
2.9
2.0
Baseline scenario
GDP growth, %
1.0
3.6
1.0
179
50%
190
201
243
634
Unemployment, %
8.2
7.6
7.4
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.0
3.3
1.5
Change in house prices, %
0.3
0.8
1.2
Adverse scenario
GDP growth, %
-2.4
3.2
2.2
204
45%
Unemployment, %
9.9
9.2
8.5
Change in household 
consumption, %
-1.7
2.8
2.0
Change in house prices, %
-4.6
-6.2
2.5
Norway
Favourable scenario
GDP growth, %
4.1
3.2
1.6
75
5%
Unemployment, %
4.9
4.2
3.9
Change in household 
consumption, %
5.5
2.5
1.9
Change in house prices, %
6.5
3.3
1.7
Baseline scenario
GDP growth, %
2.8
3.6
1.7
76
50%
81
222
408
711
Unemployment, %
5.1
4.6
4.1
Change in household 
consumption, %
4.6
2.9
1.6
Change in house prices, %
1.7
0.8
1.2
Adverse scenario
GDP growth, %
-0.4
2.8
3.7
87
45%
Unemployment, %
6.3
6.2
5.6
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.5
2.6
3.2
Change in house prices, %
-9.7
-9.3
3.2
Sweden
Favourable scenario
GDP growth, %
3.5
3.6
1.5
93
5%
Unemployment, %
8.4
7.5
6.8
Change in household 
consumption, %
3.5
3.7
1.4
Change in house prices, %
5.1
2.5
1.7
Baseline scenario
GDP growth, %
1.8
5.4
1.7
97
50%
101
106
96
303
Unemployment, %
9.0
8.1
7.3
Change in household 
consumption, %
2.1
5.4
1.5
Change in house prices, %
2.1
0.8
1.2
Adverse scenario
GDP growth, %
-2.4
3.6
2.3
107
45%
Unemployment, %
11.2
11.0
10.2
Change in household 
consumption, %
-2.0
2.6
0.6
Change in house prices, %
-11.1
-11.1
3.8
Non-Nordic
11
15
214
240
Total
622
739
1,329
2,690

--- Page 202 ---
Nordea
           First quarter 2021
44
Q1
Note 8
Continued
Scenarios and allowances/provisions
Adjustments to
31 Dec 2020
Model-based
model-based
Individual 
Total
Unweighted
allowances/
allowances/
allowances/
allowances/
ECL
Probability
provisions
provisions
provisions
provisions
Denmark
2021
2022
2023
EURm
weight
EURm
EURm
EURm
EURm
Favourable scenario
GDP growth, % 
4.7
2.4
1.9
244
5%
Unemployment, % 
4.3
3.9
3.5
Change in household 
consumption, %
6.3
2.5
2.0
Change in house prices, %
-0.6
0.3
2.4
Baseline scenario
GDP growth, % 
3.0
2.5
2.5
251
50%
262
195
395
852
Unemployment, % 
5.6
4.8
4.2
Change in household 
consumption, %
5.0
1.7
1.8
Change in house prices, %
-2.6
0.6
2.7
Adverse scenario
GDP growth, % 
-0.5
3.6
4.0
277
45%
Unemployment, % 
7.5
6.8
6.0
Change in household 
consumption, %
3.1
2.0
3.0
Change in house prices, %
-5.6
-4.6
2.6
Finland
Favourable scenario
GDP growth, % 
3.5
2.4
1.8
191
5%
Unemployment, % 
7.2
6.7
6.3
Change in household 
consumption, %
4.3
2.8
2.7
Change in house prices, %
-0.9
1.3
2.3
Baseline scenario
GDP growth, % 
2.5
2.0
2.2
201
50%
217
159
262
638
Unemployment, % 
8.0
7.7
7.2
Change in household 
consumption, %
3.8
1.9
2.5
Change in house prices, %
-2.5
1.4
2.5
Adverse scenario
GDP growth, % 
-2.3
3.4
3.3
237
45%
Unemployment, % 
10.0
9.2
8.5
Change in household 
consumption, %
-0.2
3.1
2.8
Change in house prices, %
-5.2
-5.5
2.5
Norway
Favourable scenario
GDP growth, % 
2.9
3.2
2.8
65
5%
Unemployment, % 
5.1
4.2
3.9
Change in household 
consumption, %
4.3
2.6
2.8
Change in house prices, %
-1.0
-0.3
2.5
Baseline scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.9
3.3
2.9
67
50%
72
213
347
632
Unemployment, % 
6.1
5.1
4.3
Change in household 
consumption, %
3.6
2.5
2.3
Change in house prices, %
-3.2
0
3.0
Adverse scenario
GDP growth, % 
-0.7
3.1
3.7
78
45%
Unemployment, % 
7.1
6.7
5.8
Change in household 
consumption, %
2.2
2.4
2.8
Change in house prices, %
-10.5
-9.3
3.2
Sweden
Favourable scenario
GDP growth, % 
4.1
2.1
2.3
100
5%
Unemployment, % 
8.3
7.7
6.8
Change in household 
consumption, %
2.4
2.2
2.3
Change in house prices, %
-2.8
-0.3
2.7
Baseline scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.8
5.0
3.0
109
50%
114
129
71
314
Unemployment, % 
10.0
8.1
7.3
Change in household 
consumption, %
0.1
5.2
2.7
Change in house prices, %
-3.5
-0.1
1.6
Adverse scenario
GDP growth, % 
-2.3
3.8
3.7
121
45%
Unemployment, % 
11.5
11.1
10.2
Change in household 
consumption, %
-3.2
2.9
2.3
Change in house prices, %
-13.5
-11.1
3.8
Non-Nordic
9
1
241
251
Total
674
697
1,316
2,687

--- Page 203 ---
Nordea
           First quarter 2021
45
Q1
Note 8
Continued
Loans to the public measured at amortised cost, broken down by sector and industry
31 Mar 2021
Gross
Allowances
Net loan
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Loans carrying 
amount
losses1
Financial institutions
12,195
572
150
12,917
15
21
39
74
12,843
5
Agriculture
3,227
311
171
3,710
8
15
87
109
3,600
3
     Crops, plantations and hunting
1,032
107
41
1,179
3
6
19
28
1,151
2
     Animal husbandry
656
114
127
898
3
8
66
77
821
-2
     Fishing and aquaculture
1,538
91
4
1,633
2
1
2
4
1,629
3
Natural resources
2,606
205
558
3,368
6
4
291
301
3,067
-1
     Paper and forest products
1,436
135
37
1,609
4
3
19
26
1,583
3
     Mining and supporting activities
328
30
3
361
1
1
2
3
358
1
     Oil, gas and offshore
842
39
517
1,399
1
0
271
272
1,126
-4
Consumer staples
3,051
176
24
3,251
6
14
11
31
3,220
5
     Food processing and beverages
1,108
97
7
1,211
2
6
4
12
1,198
-1
     Household and personal products
225
33
11
269
1
2
5
8
261
0
     Healthcare
1,718
47
6
1,771
3
6
2
11
1,760
6
Consumer discretionary and services
6,705
1,157
318
8,179
13
47
182
242
7,937
-52
     Consumer durables
1,456
203
40
1,699
2
9
18
30
1,669
1
     Media and entertainment
1,346
102
26
1,474
3
4
14
21
1,453
5
     Retail trade
2,493
280
207
2,979
6
20
120
146
2,833
-55
     Air transportation
172
69
13
254
0
3
8
11
243
-1
     Accommodation and leisure
649
450
30
1,129
2
8
21
31
1,098
-1
     Telecommunication services
590
53
1
644
1
2
1
3
642
0
Industrials
27,578
3,069
633
31,279
67
127
324
518
30,761
28
     Materials
1,047
254
60
1,361
3
7
29
39
1,322
42
     Capital goods
2,718
381
100
3,198
6
14
50
70
3,128
-2
     Commercial and professional services
9,765
668
157
10,590
25
31
74
130
10,460
-15
     Construction
6,464
705
154
7,322
18
24
93
135
7,188
-3
     Wholesale trade
3,973
668
72
4,713
8
32
38
79
4,634
5
     Land transportation
2,378
276
80
2,734
4
11
35
50
2,684
-3
     IT services
1,232
118
10
1,361
3
6
6
15
1,346
3
Maritime
5,365
508
617
6,491
27
27
250
305
6,186
-43
     Ship building
156
2
10
168
0
0
6
7
161
1
     Shipping
4,963
504
606
6,073
27
27
243
297
5,776
-44
     Maritime services
246
2
1
249
0
0
1
1
248
0
Utilities and public service
5,156
123
36
5,315
5
3
22
30
5,284
-4
     Utilities distribution
2,371
74
30
2,475
2
1
17
20
2,455
-5
     Power production
2,019
15
1
2,035
1
0
0
2
2,033
2
     Public services
765
34
5
805
2
2
5
8
797
-2
Real estate
36,940
1,608
262
38,810
39
34
100
173
38,637
5
Other industries and reimbursement rights
526
142
6
673
9
3
7
18
655
0
Total Corporate
103,348
7,871
2,773
113,992
195
293
1,314
1,801
112,190
-54
   Housing loans
112,912
3,922
553
117,387
14
25
52
91
117,296
1
   Collateralised lending
16,776
1,391
380
18,546
60
68
185
313
18,233
-5
   Non-collateralised lending
5,527
1,046
278
6,852
29
98
122
250
6,602
-4
Household
135,216
6,359
1,211
142,785
103
191
360
654
142,131
-8
Public sector
3,326
124
39
3,489
0
0
2
2
3,486
0
Lending to the public
241,889
14,354
4,023
260,266
298
484
1,676
2,458
257,808
-63
Lending to central banks and credit 
institutions
1,912
29
0
1,941
2
1
0
3
1,938
0
Total
243,801
14,383
4,023
262,207
300
485
1,676
2,461
259,746
-63
1 The table shows net loan losses related to on- and off-balance sheet exposures for March 2021, year to date.

--- Page 204 ---
Nordea
           First quarter 2021
46
Q1
Note 8
Continued
Loans to the public measured at amortised cost, broken down by sector and industry
31 Dec 2020
Gross
Allowances
Net loan
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Loans carrying 
amount
losses1
Financial institutions
12,622
509
158
13,289
18
16
150
185
13,105
-25
Agriculture
3,054
265
185
3,504
11
17
95
122
3,381
-13
     Crops, plantations and hunting
1,027
112
49
1,188
4
7
23
34
1,154
-3
     Animal husbandry
631
123
131
885
3
9
70
82
803
-4
     Fishing and aquaculture
1,396
30
5
1,431
4
0
2
7
1,424
-5
Natural resources
2,673
188
564
3,425
5
4
282
291
3,134
-126
     Paper and forest products
1,612
132
36
1,780
3
4
21
28
1,752
-15
     Mining and supporting activities
330
22
4
356
0
0
2
3
353
-1
     Oil, gas and offshore
730
34
524
1,288
1
0
258
260
1,028
-111
Consumer staples
2,821
219
27
3,067
5
20
15
40
3,027
-25
     Food processing and beverages
1,083
85
7
1,175
2
5
4
11
1,164
-5
     Household and personal products
165
59
11
235
1
2
5
8
227
-5
     Healthcare
1,572
75
10
1,657
2
13
5
21
1,636
-15
Consumer discretionary and services
6,336
902
236
7,474
15
42
144
201
7,273
-77
     Consumer durables
973
197
61
1,231
1
9
41
51
1,180
-26
     Media and entertainment
1,409
79
34
1,522
2
4
25
31
1,492
-13
     Retail trade
2,386
367
93
2,846
5
23
46
75
2,771
-21
     Air transportation
167
33
14
214
0
1
9
10
204
-2
     Accommodation and leisure
751
216
32
998
2
5
22
29
969
-20
     Telecommunication services
651
9
1
662
4
0
0
5
657
6
Industrials
27,619
3,020
666
31,304
65
127
254
446
30,858
-160
     Materials
1,190
384
63
1,637
3
7
29
38
1,599
9
     Capital goods
2,795
403
97
3,295
5
13
51
69
3,226
-17
     Commercial and professional services
10,031
605
189
10,825
26
30
0
56
10,768
-28
     Construction
6,138
628
139
6,905
16
26
92
133
6,772
-56
     Wholesale trade
4,234
556
85
4,874
9
35
43
86
4,788
-41
     Land transportation
2,125
338
81
2,544
4
11
31
46
2,498
-19
     IT services
1,106
106
12
1,224
3
6
9
18
1,207
-7
Maritime
5,620
362
555
6,537
16
9
226
251
6,286
-87
     Ship building
129
4
7
140
0
0
7
7
133
2
     Shipping
5,254
357
546
6,157
15
9
218
242
5,915
-88
     Maritime services
237
1
1
239
0
0
1
1
238
0
Utilities and public service
5,444
127
32
5,603
4
6
16
26
5,577
-9
     Utilities distribution
2,833
60
28
2,921
2
1
13
15
2,906
-2
     Power production
1,833
33
1
1,866
1
3
0
4
1,863
-3
     Public services
778
34
3
815
1
2
3
7
808
-4
Real estate
36,515
1,570
253
38,338
32
33
111
177
38,161
-81
Other industries and reimbursement rights
549
90
7
646
10
1
1
12
634
55
Total Corporate
103,253
7,249
2,684
113,186
181
274
1,295
1,750
111,436
-547
   Housing loans
111,086
3,927
561
115,574
16
24
57
97
115,477
-77
   Collateralised lending
16,425
1,401
396
18,222
55
70
192
317
17,905
-107
   Non-collateralised lending
5,545
1,077
301
6,923
30
120
128
278
6,645
-178
Household
133,056
6,404
1,258
140,719
101
214
377
692
140,027
-362
Public sector
5,363
129
37
5,529
0
0
2
2
5,526
0
Lending to the public
241,672
13,782
3,979
259,433
282
489
1,674
2,444
256,989
-908
Lending to central banks and credit 
institutions
4,352
58
0
4,409
3
1
0
4
4,405
0
Total
246,023
13,840
3,979
263,843
285
490
1,674
2,448
261,394
-908
1 The table shows net loan losses related to on- and off-balance sheet exposures for the full year 2020.

--- Page 205 ---
Nordea
           First quarter 2021
47
Q1
Note 9
Classification of financial instruments 
Fair value through profit or loss (FVPL)
Amortised 
cost (AC)
Mandatorily
Designated 
at fair value through 
profit or loss (fair 
value option)
Fair value 
through 
other com-
prehensive 
income 
(FVOCI)
Total
EURm
Financial assets
Cash and balances with central banks 
56,843
-
-
-
56,843
Loans to central banks
6
21
-
-
27
Loans to credit institutions
1,932
8,546
-
-
10,478
Loans to the public
257,808
75,814
-
-
333,622
Interest-bearing securities
3,393
24,831
4,179
34,336
66,739
Financial instruments pledged as collateral 
-
3,479
-
469
3,948
Shares 
-
19,324
-
-
19,324
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked
investment contracts
-
39,095
317
-
39,412
Derivatives
-
36,000
-
-
36,000
Fair value changes of the hedged items in
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
222
-
-
-
222
Other assets
3,498
10,319
-
-
13,817
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
349
-
-
-
349
Total 31 Mar 2021
324,051
217,429
4,496
34,805
580,781
Total 31 Dec 2020
299,719
204,232
4,431
33,726
542,108
Fair value through profit or loss (FVPL)
Amortised 
cost (AC)
Mandatorily
Designated 
at fair value through 
profit or loss (fair 
value option)
Total
EURm
Financial liabilities
Deposits by credit institutions
34,438
8,993
-
43,431
Deposits and borrowings from the public
190,597
7,572
-
198,169
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked
investment contracts
-
-
40,824
40,824
Liabilities to policyholders
-
-
2,245
2,245
Debt securities in issue
127,139
-
55,962
183,101
Derivatives
-
36,786
-
36,786
Fair value changes of the hedged items in
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
1,893
-
-
1,893
Other liabilities1
5,863
16,893
-
22,756
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
249
-
-
249
Subordinated liabilities
6,299
-
-
6,299
Total 31 Mar 2021
366,478
70,244
99,031
535,753
Total 31 Dec 2020
334,281
67,498
96,127
497,906
1 Of which lease liabilities classified in the category Amortised cost EUR 1,205m.

--- Page 206 ---
Nordea
           First quarter 2021
48
Q1
Note 10
Fair value of financial assets and liabilities 
31 Mar 2021
31 Dec 2020
Carrying 
amount
Fair value
Carrying 
amount
Fair value
EURm
Financial assets
Cash and balances with central banks
56,843
56,843
32,955
32,955
Loans
344,349
352,972
336,370
344,038
Interest-bearing securities
66,739
66,906
62,509
62,764
Financial instruments pledged as collateral
3,948
3,948
3,795
3,795
Shares  
19,324
19,324
12,649
12,649
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts
39,412
39,412
36,123
36,123
Derivatives
36,000
36,000
44,770
44,770
Other assets
13,817
13,817
12,645
12,645
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
349
349
292
292
Total 
580,781
589,571
542,108
550,031
Financial liabilities
Deposits and debt instruments
432,893
433,595
391,228
392,214
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts
40,824
40,824
37,534
37,534
Liabilities to policyholders
2,245
2,245
2,386
2,386
Derivatives
36,786
36,786
47,033
47,033
Other liabilities 
21,551
21,551
18,270
18,270
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
249
249
222
222
Total 
534,548
535,250
496,673
497,659
The determination of fair value is described in the Annual Report 2020, Note G41, "Assets and liabilities at fair value".

--- Page 207 ---
Nordea
           First quarter 2021
49
Q1
Note 11
Financial assets and liabilities held at fair value on the balance sheet
Categorisation in the fair value hierarchy
Quoted 
prices in 
active 
markets for 
the same 
instruments 
(Level 1)
Of which 
Life & 
Pension
Valuation 
technique 
using 
observable 
data 
(Level 2)
Of which 
Life & 
Pension
Valuation 
technique 
using non-
observable 
data 
(Level 3)
Of which 
Life & 
Pension
Total
EURm
Assets at fair value on the balance sheet1
Loans to central banks
-
-
21
-
-
-
21
Loans to credit institutions
-
-
8,546
-
-
-
8,546
Loans to the public
-
-
75,814
-
-
-
75,814
Interest-bearing securities2 
28,375
1,185
38,174
2,930
745
124
67,294
Shares
16,731
9,743
452
275
2,141
921
19,324
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment 
contracts
38,879
34,797
431
432
102
102
39,412
Derivatives
72
-
34,685
6
1,243
-
36,000
Other assets
-
-
10,288
-
31
30
10,319
Total 31 Mar 2021
84,057
45,725
168,411
3,643
4,262
1,177
256,730
Total 31 Dec 2020
74,689
42,072
162,906
3,733
4,794
1,024
242,389
Liabilities at fair value on the balance sheet1
Deposits by credit institutions
-
-
8,993
-
-
-
8,993
Deposits and borrowings from the public
-
-
7,572
-
-
-
7,572
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment 
contracts
-
-
40,824
36,440
-
-
40,824
Liabilities to policyholders
-
-
2,245
2,245
-
-
2,245
Debt securities in issue
40,916
-
13,518
-
1,528
-
55,962
Derivatives
141
-
35,479
51
1,166
-
36,786
Other liabilities
7,188
-
9,684
-
21
-
16,893
Total 31 Mar 2021
48,245
-
118,315
38,736
2,715
-
169,275
Total 31 Dec 2020
50,870
-
109,333
35,501
3,422
-
163,625
1 All items are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at the end of each reporting period. 
2 Of which EUR 3,948m relates to the balance sheet item Financial instruments pledged as collateral.
Transfers between Levels 1 and 2 
During the period Nordea transferred "Interest-bearing securities" (including such financial instruments pledged as collateral) of EUR 1,173m from Level 1 to 
Level 2 and of EUR 725m from Level 2 to Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. Furthermore, Nordea transferred "Debt securities in issue" of EUR 8,437m from 
Level 1 to Level 2 and of EUR 2,565m from Level 2 to Level 1. Nordea also transferred "Other liabilities" of EUR 182m from Level 1 to Level 2 and of EUR 
78m from Level 2 to Level 1. Transfers between levels are considered to have occurred at the end of the reporting period.

--- Page 208 ---
Nordea
           First quarter 2021
50
Q1
Note 11
Continued
Movements in Level 3 
Fair value 
gains/losses 
recognised 
in the 
income 
statement 
during the 
year
1 Jan
Rea-
lised 
Un-
reali-
sed 
Recog-
nised 
in OCI
Purchases/ 
Issues
Sales
Settle-
ments
Transfers 
into 
Level 3
Transfers 
out of 
Level 3
Translation 
differences
31 Mar
EURm
Interest-bearing securities
931
-1
18
-
158
7
2
82
-464
12
745
- of which Life & Pension
67
-
-
-
-
-1
1
54
-
3
124
Shares
1,969
78
43
-
150
-121
-3
-
-
25
2,141
- of which Life & Pension
835
10
39
-
57
-22
-2
-
-
4
921
Assets in pooled schemes
and unit-linked 
investment contracts
92
2
8
-
8
-4
-1
1
-3
-1
102
- of which Life & Pension
92
2
7
-
8
-4
-
1
-3
-1
102
Derivatives (net)
162
37
101
-
-
-
-37
-8
-189
11
77
Other assets
31
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
31
- of which Life & Pension
30
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
30
Debt securities in issue
1,781
78
-111
-
118
-54
-102
17
-199
-
1,528
Other liabilities
32
-
-24
-
20
-7
-
-
-
-
21
Total 2021, net
1,372
38
305
-
178
-57
63
58
-457
47
1,547
Total 2020, net
237
-157
481
-17
98
-192
237
-204
-140
-85
258
Unrealised gains and losses relate to those assets and liabilities held at the end of the reporting period. Transfers between levels are considered to 
have occurred at the end of the reporting period. Fair value gains and losses in the income statement during the period are included in Net result 
from items at fair value. Assets and liabilities related to derivatives are presented net.
Valuation processes for fair value measurements in Level 3
For information about the valuation processes for fair value measurement in Level 3, see the Annual Report 2020, Note G41, "Assets and liabilities 
at fair value".
Deferred Day 1 profit
The transaction price for financial instruments in some cases differs from the fair value at initial recognition measured using a valuation model, 
mainly due to the fact that the transaction price is not established in an active market. If there are significant unobservable inputs used in the 
valuation technique (Level 3), the financial instrument is recognised at the transaction price and any difference between the transaction price and 
fair value at initial recognition measured using a valuation model (Day 1 profit) is deferred. For more information, see the Annual Report 2020, Note 
G1, "Accounting policies". The table below shows the aggregated difference yet to be recognised in the income statement at the beginning and end 
of the period. The table also shows a reconciliation of how this aggregated difference changed during the period (movement of deferred Day 1 
profit).
Deferred Day 1 profit – derivatives, net
2021
2020
EURm
Opening balance as at 1 Jan
73
125
Deferred profit on new transactions
16
27
Recognised in the income statement during the period1
-15
-18
Closing balance as at 31 Mar
74
134
1 Of which EUR -3m (EUR -7m) due to transfers of derivatives from Level 3 to Level 2.

--- Page 209 ---
Nordea
           First quarter 2021
51
Q1
Note 11
Continued
Valuation techniques and inputs used in the fair value measurements in Level 3
Fair value 
Of which 
Life & 
Pension1 Valuation techniques
Unobservable input
Range of fair 
value4
EURm
Interest-bearing securities 
Public bodies
68
26 Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
-4/4
Mortgage and other credit institutions
447
93 Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
-37/37
Corporates2
230
5 Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
-23/23
Total 31 Mar 2021
745
124
-64/64
Total 31 Dec 2020
931
67
-88/88
Shares 
Private equity funds
1,004
519 Net asset value3
-111/111
Hedge funds
83
81 Net asset value3
-7/7
Credit funds
502
167 Net asset value/market consensus3
-44/44
Other funds
271
146 Net asset value/Fund prices3
-23/23
Other5
383
110 -
 
-39/39
Total 31 Mar 2021
2,243
1,023
-224/224
Total 31 Dec 2020
2,061
927
-199/199
Derivatives, net
Interest rate derivatives
222
- Option model
Correlations
-8/8
Volatilities
Equity derivatives
-65
- Option model
Correlations
-10/6
Volatilities
Dividends
Foreign exchange derivatives
-3
- Option model
Correlations
0/0
Volatilities
Credit derivatives
-79
- Credit derivative model 
Correlations
-23/24
Volatilities
Recovery rates
Other
2
- Option model
Correlations
-0/0
Volatilities
Total 31 Mar 2021
77
-
-41/38
Total 31 Dec 2020
162
-
-52/55
Debt securities in issue
Issued structured bonds
1,528
- Credit derivative model
Correlations
-7/7
Recovery rates
Volatilities
Total 31 Mar 2021
1,528
-
-7/7
Total 31 Dec 2020
1,781
-
-7/7
Other, net
Other assets and other liabilities, net
10
30 -
-
-2/2
Total 31 Mar 2021
10
30
-2/2
Total 31 Dec 2020
-1
30
-1/1
1 Investments in financial instruments are a major part of the life insurance business, acquired to fulfill the obligations behind the insurance and investments
  contracts. The gains or losses on these instruments are almost exclusively allocated to policyholders and consequently do not affect Nordea's equity.
2 Of which EUR 155m is priced at a credit spread (the difference between the discount rate and the LIBOR) of 1.45%. A reasonable change in this credit 
  spread would not affect the fair value due to callability features.
3 The fair values are based on prices and net asset values provided by external suppliers/custodians. The prices are fixed by the suppliers/custodians on
   the basis of the development in the assets behind the investments. For private equity funds, the dominant measurement methodology used by the 
li
/
   custodians is consistent with the International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation (IPEV) guidelines issued by Invest Europe (formerly
   EVCA). Approximately 50% of the private equity fund investments are internally adjusted/valued based on the IPEV guidelines. These carrying amounts are 
   in a range of 3% to 100% compared with the values received from suppliers/custodians.
4 The column "Range of fair value" shows the sensitivity of Level 3 financial instruments to changes in key assumptions. For more information, see the Annual 
   Report 2020, Note G41, "Assets and liabilities at fair value".
5 Of which EUR 102m related to assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts.

--- Page 210 ---
Nordea
           First quarter 2021
52
Q1
Note 12
Risks and uncertainties 
Nordea is subject to various legal regimes and 
requirements, including but not limited to those of the 
Nordic countries, the European Union and the United 
States. The supervisory and governmental authorities 
administering and enforcing these regimes make regular 
enquiries and conduct investigations with regard to 
Nordea’s compliance. Areas subject to investigation include 
investment advice, anti-money laundering (AML), trade 
regulation and sanctions adherence, external tax rules, 
competition law, and governance and control. The outcome 
and timing of these enquiries and investigations are unclear 
and pending. Accordingly, it cannot be ruled out that these 
enquiries and investigations could lead to criticism against 
the bank, reputation loss, fines, sanctions, disputes and/or 
litigation. 
In June 2015 the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority 
investigated how Nordea Bank Danmark A/S had followed 
the regulations regarding AML. The outcome resulted in 
criticism and, in accordance with Danish administrative 
practice, the matter was handed over to the police for 
further handling and possible sanctions. As previously 
stated, Nordea expects to be fined in Denmark for weak 
AML processes and procedures in the past and has made 
a provision for ongoing AML-related matters.  
There is a risk that, in the event the authorities issue fines, 
these could be higher (or potentially lower) than the current 
provision, and that this could also impact Nordea’s financial 
performance. In addition, some of these proceedings could 
lead to litigation. Given this uncertainty, Nordea will 
maintain the level of provision for ongoing AML-related 
matters while continuing the dialogue with the Danish 
Authorities regarding their allegations concerning historical 
AML weaknesses.  
Nordea has made significant investments to address the 
deficiencies highlighted by the investigations. Among other 
actions, Nordea established in 2015 the Financial Crime 
Change Programme, and has strengthened its organisation 
significantly to enhance its AML and sanction management 
risk frameworks. Nordea also established the Sustainability 
and Ethics Committee and a culture transformation 
programme to embed stronger ethical standards into its 
corporate culture. The Group is also investing in enhanced 
compliance standards, processes and resources in both 
the first and second lines of defence. 
The Danish tax authorities have raised a claim for damages 
against Nordea of approximately DKK 900m relating to 
Nordea's provision of assistance to a foreign bank in 
connection with the said bank’s reclaim of dividend tax on 
behalf of one of its customers. It is Nordea’s assessment 
that it is not liable, and Nordea disputes the claim.
There are significant risks caused by the COVID-19 
pandemic given the uncertainty of the economic impact on 
the markets in which Nordea operates. Depending on 
future developments, potential adverse impacts on income 
could arise due to lower net interest income, market 
volatility and reduced business activity impacting 
transaction volumes and customer activity. Potential future 
credit risks are addressed in Note 8 and the section “Net 
loan losses and similar net result”. Depending on the 
duration and magnitude of the situation, there is a 
possibility that Nordea will not be able to meet its financial 
targets in very adverse scenarios.

--- Page 211 ---
Nordea
           First quarter 2021
53
Q1
Glossary
Allowances in relation to credit-impaired loans 
(stage 3)
Allowances for impaired loans (stage 3) divided by 
impaired loans measured at amortised cost (stage 3) 
before allowances.
Allowances in relation to loans in stages 1 and 2
Allowances for non-impaired loans (stages 1 and 2) divided 
by non-impaired loans measured at amortised cost (stages 
1 and 2) before allowances. 
Economic capital
Economic capital is Nordea’s internal estimate of required 
capital. It measures the capital required to cover 
unexpected losses in the course of Nordea’s business with 
a certain probability. Economic capital uses advanced 
internal models to provide a consistent measurement for 
credit risk, market risk, operational risk, business risk and 
life insurance risk arising from activities in Nordea’s various 
business areas. The aggregation of risks across the Group 
gives rise to diversification effects resulting from the 
differences in risk drivers and the improbability that 
unexpected losses occur simultaneously.
Impairment rate (stage 3), gross
Impaired loans (stage 3) before allowances divided by total 
loans measured at amortised cost before allowances.
Impairment rate (stage 3), net
Impaired loans (stage 3) after allowances divided by total 
loans measured at amortised cost before allowances.
Net loan loss ratio, amortised cost
Net loan losses (annualised) divided by the quarterly 
closing balance of the carrying amount of loans to the 
public (lending) measured at amortised cost.
Return on capital at risk
Return on capital at risk (ROCAR) is defined as net profit 
excluding items affecting comparability as a percentage of 
economic capital. For the business areas it is defined as 
operating profit after standard tax as a percentage of 
economic capital.
Return on capital at risk with amortised 
resolution fees
ROCAR with amortised resolution fees is defined as net 
profit adjusted for the effect of resolution fees on an 
amortised basis after tax and excluding items affecting 
comparability as a percentage of economic capital. For the 
business areas it is defined as operating profit adjusted for 
the effect of resolution fees on an amortised basis after 
standard tax as a percentage of economic capital.
Return on equity
Net profit for the period as a percentage of average equity 
for the period. Additional Tier 1 capital, accounted for in 
equity, is classified as a financial liability in the calculation. 
Net profit for the period excludes non-controlling interests 
and interest expense on Additional Tier 1 capital 
(discretionary interest accrued). Average equity includes 
net profit for the period and dividend until paid, and 
excludes non-controlling interests and Additional Tier 1 
capital.
Return on equity with amortised resolution fees
Net profit for the period as a percentage of average equity 
for the period. Additional Tier 1 capital, accounted for in 
equity, is classified as a financial liability in the calculation. 
Net profit for the period excludes non-controlling interests 
and interest expense on Additional Tier 1 capital 
(discretionary interest accrued), and is adjusted for the 
effect of resolution fees on an amortised basis after tax. 
Average equity includes net profit for the period and 
dividend until paid, and excludes non-controlling interests 
and Additional Tier 1 capital.
Return on risk exposure amount
Net profit for the period as a percentage of average risk 
exposure amount for the period. Net profit for the period 
excludes non-controlling interests and interest expense on 
Additional Tier 1 capital (discretionary interest accrued). 
Return on tangible equity
Net profit for the period as a percentage of average equity 
for the period. Additional Tier 1 capital, accounted for in 
equity, is classified as a financial liability in the calculation. 
Net profit for the period excludes non-controlling interests 
and interest expense on Additional Tier 1 capital 
(discretionary interest accrued). Average equity includes 
net profit for the period and dividend until paid, excludes 
non-controlling interests and Additional Tier 1 capital, and 
is reduced with intangible assets.
Tier 1 capital
The Tier 1 capital of an institution consists of the sum of its 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital and Additional Tier 1 capital. 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital includes consolidated 
shareholders’ equity excluding investments in insurance 
companies, proposed dividend, deferred tax assets, 
intangible assets in the banking operations, the full 
expected shortfall deduction (the negative difference 
between expected losses and provisions) and other 
deductions, such as cash flow hedges.
Tier 1 capital ratio
Tier 1 capital as a percentage of the risk exposure amount. 
The Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio is defined as 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital as a percentage of the risk 
exposure amount.
Total allowance rate (stages 1, 2 and 3)
Total allowances divided by total loans measured at 
amortised cost before allowances.
For a list of further alternative performance measures and business definitions, please see https://www.nordea.com/en/investor-
relations/reports-and-presentations/group-interim-reports/ and the Annual Report 2020.

--- Page 212 ---
Nordea
           First quarter 2021
59
Q1
Report on review of interim financial information of Nordea Bank Abp for the three months period 
ended 31 March 2021
To the Board of Directors of Nordea Bank Abp
Introduction 
We have reviewed the condensed interim financial information of Nordea Bank Abp, which comprise the balance sheet as 
at 31 March 2021, income statement, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and cash flow 
statement for the three-month-period then ended and notes, all consolidated, and parent company’s balance sheet as at 
31 March 2021 and income statement for the three-month-period then ended. The Board of Directors and the Managing 
Director are responsible for the preparation of the condensed interim financial information in accordance with International 
Accounting Standard (IAS) 34, “Interim Financial Reporting”, as adopted by the European Union and with regulations 
governing the preparation of interim financial information in Finland. We will express a conclusion on this condensed 
interim financial information based on our review.
Scope of Review
We conducted our review in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements (ISRE) 2410, “Review of 
Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”. A review of interim financial information 
consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical 
and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope, than an audit conducted in accordance with 
International Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become 
aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.
Conclusion
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed interim financial 
information of Nordea Bank Abp for the three months period ended on 31 March 2021 is not prepared, in all material 
respects, as regards the Group financial information, in accordance with International Accounting Standard (IAS) 34, 
“Interim Financial Reporting”, as adopted by the European Union and other regulation governing the presentation of 
interim financial information in Finland, and as regards the parent company financial information, in accordance with 
regulations governing the preparation of interim financial information in Finland.
Helsinki 28 April 2021
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy
Authorised Public Accountants
Jukka Paunonen 
Authorised Public Accountant (KHT)

--- Page 213 ---
- 175 - 
ANNEX 2 – AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE NORDEA 
GROUP FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020, INCLUDING THE AUDITOR'S 
REPORT AND NOTES RELATING THERETO

--- Page 347 ---
- 176 - 
ANNEX 3 – AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE NORDEA 
GROUP FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019, INCLUDING THE AUDITOR'S 
REPORT AND NOTES RELATING THERETO

--- Page 348 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
63
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Financial statements
Income statement .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 64
Statement of comprehensive income  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 65
Balance sheet .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 66
Statement of changes in equity .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  67
Cash flow statement . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  71
Notes to the financial statements
Accounting policies
G1	
Accounting policies .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  73
Risk and Liquidity management
G2	
Risk and Liquidity management .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 95
Notes to the income statement
G3	
Segment reporting . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 124
G4	
Net interest income .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 128
G5	
Net fee and commission income . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 129
G6	
Net result from items at fair value  . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 130
G7	
Other operating income .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  131
G8	
Staff costs  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  131
G9	
Other expenses  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 137
G10	 Depreciation, amortisation and impairment 
charges of tangible and intangible assets .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 137
G11	
Net loan losses .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 137
G12	 Taxes  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 138
G13	 Earnings per share .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 138
Notes to the balance sheet and memorandum items
G14	 Loans and impairment .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 139
G15	 Interest-bearing securities .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  139
G16	 Financial instruments pledged as collateral .  .  .  .  .  .  . 139
G17	 Shares .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 139
G18	 Assets and deposits in pooled schemes 
and unit-linked contracts  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  139
G19	 Derivatives and hedge accounting  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  140
G20	 Investments in associated undertakings and 
joint ventures .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 145
G21	 Intangible assets  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  148
G22	 Properties and equipment . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  150
G23	 Leasing  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  151
G24	 Investment properties .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 152
G25	 Other assets . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 152
G26	 Prepaid expenses and accrued income  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 152
G27	 Deposits by credit institutions .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 152
G28	 Deposits and borrowings from the public .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 152
G29	 Liabilities to policyholders . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 152
G30	 Debt securities in issue  . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 154
G31	 Other liabilities .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 154
G32	 Accrued expenses and prepaid income .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 154
G33	 Provisions .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 154
G34	 Retirement benefit obligations . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 155
G35	 Subordinated liabilities .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 159
G36	 Assets pledged as security for own liabilities .  .  .  .  . 159
G37	 Other assets pledged  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 159
G38	 Contingent liabilities  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  160
G39	 Commitments .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 160
Other notes
G40	 Classification of financial instruments .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 161
G41	 Assets and liabilities at fair value  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  164
G42	 Financial instruments set off on balance 
or subject to netting agreements  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 174
G43	 Transferred assets and obtained collaterals . .  .  .  .  .  . 175
G44	 Maturity analysis for assets and liabilities .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 176
G45	 Related-party transactions . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 178
G46	 Interests in structured entities .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 178
G47	 Country by country reporting  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  180
G48	 Acquisitions  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 181
Contents

--- Page 349 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
64
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
EURm
Note
2019
2018
Operating income
Interest income calculated using the effective interest rate method
6,399
5,978
Other interest income
1,350
1,447
Negative yield on financial assets
–309
–172
Interest expense
–3,334
–2,902
Negative yield on financial liabilities
212
140
Net interest income
G4
4,318
4,491
Fee and commission income
3,931
3,846
Fee and commission expense
–920
–853
Net fee and commission income
G5
3,011
2,993
Net result from items at fair value 
G6
1,024
1,088
Profit from associated undertakings and joint ventures accounted for under the equity method
G20
50
124
Other operating income
G7
232
476
Total operating income
8,635
9,172
Operating expenses
General administrative expenses:
  Staff costs 
G8
–3,017
–2,998
  Other expenses
G9
–1,639
–1,566
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment charges of tangible and intangible assets
G10
–1,330
–482
Total operating expenses
–5,986
–5,046
Profit before loan losses
2,649
4,126
Net loan losses
G11
–536
–173
Operating profit
2,113
3,953
Income tax expense
G12
–571
–872
Net profit for the year
1,542
3,081
Attributable to:
Shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp
1,519
3,070
Additional Tier 1 capital holders
26
7
Non–controlling interests
–3
4
Total
1,542
3,081
Basic earnings per share, EUR 
G13
0. 38
0. 76
Diluted earnings per share, EUR
G13
0. 38
0. 76
Income statement

--- Page 350 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
65
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Statement of comprehensive income
EURm
Note
2019
2018
Net profit for the year
1,542
3,081
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the income statement
Currency translation differences during the year
18
–240
Tax on currency translation differences during the year
1
–2
Hedging of net investments in foreign operations:
G19
Valuation gains/losses during the year
–62
67
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
16
–19
Fair value through other comprehensive income1:
G40
Valuation gains/losses during the year
21
–48
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
–4
11
Transferred to the income statement during the year
–37
–10
Tax on transfers to the income statement during the year
6
2
Cash flow hedges:
G19
Valuation gains/losses during the year
152
720
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
–31
–159
Transferred to the income statement during the year
–170
–676
Tax on transfers to the income statement during the year
35
149
Other comprehensive income from companies accounted for under the equity method during the year
G20
1
–
Tax on other comprehensive income from companies accounted for under the equity method during 
the year
0
–
Items that may not be reclassified subsequently to the income statement
Changes in own credit risk related to liabilities classified as fair value option:
G40
Valuation gains/losses during the year
–15
20
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
2
–4
Defined benefit plans:
G34
Remeasurement of defined benefit plans during the year
–152
–173
Tax on remeasurement of defined benefit plans during the year
34
36
Other comprehensive income, net of tax
–185
–326
Total comprehensive income 
1,357
2,755
Attributable to:
Shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp 
1,334
2,744
Additional Tier 1 capital holders
26
7
Non-controlling interests
–3
4
Total 
1,357
2,755
1)  Valuation gains/losses related to hedged risks under fair value hedge accounting are accounted for directly in the income statement.

--- Page 351 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
66
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Balance sheet
EURm
Note
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Assets
G40
Cash and balances with central banks 
35,509
41,578
Loans to central banks
G14
9,207
7,642
Loans to credit institutions
G14
8,516
11,320
Loans to the public
G14
322,740
308,304
Interest-bearing securities
G15
64,930
76,222
Financial instruments pledged as collateral
G16
7,151
7,568
Shares
G17
14,184
12,452
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts
G18
30,799
24,583
Derivatives
G19
39,111
37,025
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
217
169
Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures
G20
572
1,601
Intangible assets
G21
3,695
4,035
Properties and equipment
G22
2,002
546
Investment properties
G24
1,585
1,607
Deferred tax assets
G12
487
164
Current tax assets
362
284
Retirement benefit assets
G34
173
246
Other assets
G25
12,543
14,749
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
G26
1,065
1,313
Total assets
554,848
551,408
Liabilities 
G40
Deposits by credit institutions
G27
32,304
42,419
Deposits and borrowings from the public
G28
168,725
164,958
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts
G18
31,859
25,653
Liabilities to policyholders
G29
19,246
18,230
Debt securities in issue 
G30
193,726
190,422
Derivatives
G19
42,047
39,547
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
2,018
1,273
Current tax liabilities
742
414
Other liabilities
G31
19,868
23,315
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
G32
1,476
1,696
Deferred tax liabilities
G12
481
706
Provisions
G33
570
321
Retirement benefit liabilities
G34
439
398
Subordinated liabilities
G35
9,819
9,155
Total liabilities 
523,320
518,507
Equity
Additional Tier 1 capital holders
748
750
Non-controlling interests
40
6
Share capital
4,050
4,050
Invested unrestricted equity
1,080
1,080
Other reserves
–2,062
–1,876
Retained earnings
27,672
28,891
Total equity
31,528
32,901
Total liabilities and equity
554,848
551,408
Off balance sheet commitments
Assets pledged as security for own liabilities
G36
183,995
171,899
Other assets pledged
G37
3,919
4,788
Contingent liabilities
G38
17,792
17,819
Commitments
G39
77,063
74,479

--- Page 352 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
67
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Statement of changes in equity
2019
Attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp
Other reserves:
EURm
Note
Share 
capital1
Invested 
unrestricted 
equity
Translation 
of foreign 
­operations4
Cash 
flow 
hedges5
Fair value 
through 
other com-
prehensive 
income
Defined 
benefit 
plans
Changes in 
own credit 
risk related 
to liabilities 
at fair value 
option
Retained 
­earnings
Total
Additional 
Tier 1 capital 
holders
Non- 
controlling 
interests
Total 
equity
Balance at 1 Jan 2019
4,050
1,080
–1,914
–12
59
–17
8
28,891
32,145
750
6
32,901
Net profit for the year
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
1 ,519
1,519
26
–3
1,542
Items that may be reclassified  
subsequently to the income 
statement
Currency translation differences 
during the year
–
–
18
–
–
–
–
–
18
–
–
18
Tax on currency translation 
differences during the year
–
–
1
–
–
–
–
–
1
–
–
1
Hedging of net investments in 
foreign operations:
G19
Valuation gains/losses during  
the year
–
–
–62
–
–
–
–
–
–62
–
–
–62
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
during the year
–
–
16
–
–
–
–
–
16
–
–
16
Fair value through other 
comprehensive income:
G40
Valuation gains/losses during  
the year
–
–
–
–
21
–
–
–
21
–
–
21
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
during the year
–
–
–
–
–4
–
–
–
–4
–
–
–4
Transferred to the income 
­statement during the year
–
–
–
–
–37
–
–
–
–37
–
–
–37
Tax on transfers to the income 
statement during the year
–
–
–
–
6
–
–
–
6
–
–
6
Cash flow hedges:
G19
Valuation gains/losses during  
the year
–
–
–
152
–
–
–
–
152
–
–
152
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
during the year
–
–
–
–31
–
–
–
–
–31
–
–
–31
Transferred to the income 
­statement during the year3 
–
–
–
–170
–
–
–
–
–170
–
–
–170
Tax on transfers to the income 
­statement during the year3
–
–
–
35
–
–
–
–
35
–
–
35

--- Page 353 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
68
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
2019
Attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp
Other reserves:
EURm
Note
Share 
capital1
Invested 
unrestricted 
equity
Translation 
of foreign 
­operations4
Cash 
flow 
hedges5
Fair value 
through 
other com-
prehensive 
income
Defined 
benefit 
plans
Changes 
in own credit 
risk related to 
liabilities at 
fair value 
option
Retained 
­earnings
Total
Additional 
Tier 1 capital 
holders
Non- 
controlling 
interests
Total 
equity
Items that may not be ­ 
reclassi­fied subsequently  
to the income statement
Changes in own credit risk related to 
liabilities classified as fair value 
option:
G40
Valuation gains/losses  
during the year
–
–
–
–
–
–
–15
–
–15
–
–
–15
Tax on valuation gains/losses  
during the year
–
–
–
–
–
–
2
–
2
–
–
2
Defined benefit plans:
G34
Remeasurement of defined  
benefit plans during the year
–
–
–
–
–
–152
–
–
–152
–
–
–152
Tax on remeasurement of defined 
­benefit plans during the year
–
–
–
–
–
34
–
–
34
–
–
34
Other comprehensive income from 
companies accounted for under the 
equity method during the year
G20
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
1
1
–
–
1
Tax on other comprehensive income 
from companies accounted for under 
the equity method during the year
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
0
0
–
–
0
Other comprehensive income,  
net of tax
–
–
–27
–14
–14
–118
–13
1
–185
–
–
–185
Total comprehensive income
–
–
–27
–14
–14
–118
–13
1,520
1,334
26
–3
1,357
Paid interest on additional  
Tier 1 capital
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–26
–
–26
Change in additional Tier 1  
capital holders
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–2
–
–2
Share-based payments
G8
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
20
20
–
–
20
Dividend for 2018
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–2,788
–2,788
–
–
–2,788
Divestment of own shares2
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
29
29
–
–
29
Change in non-controlling interests
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
37
37
Balance at 31 Dec 2019
4,050
1,080
–1,941
–26
45
–135
–5
27,672
30,740
748
40
31,528
1)  Total shares registered were 4,050 million.  The number of own shares were 10. 8 million which represents 0. 3% of the total shares in Nordea.  Each share represents one voting right.
2)  Refers to the change in the holding of own shares related to the Long Term Incentive Programme (LTIP), trading portfolio and Nordea's shares within portfolio schemes in 
­Denmark.  The total holding of own shares related to LTIP was 9. 2 million.
3)  The transfer is due to the hedged item affecting the income statement.
4)  Relates to foreign exchange risk.  Out of the balance per 31 December 2019, EUR 522m relates to hedging relationships for which hedge accounting is applied and EUR -m relates to 
hedging relationships for which hedge accounting is no longer applied.
5)  For more detailed information see Note G19.
Statement of changes in equity, cont.

--- Page 354 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
69
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Statement of changes in equity, cont.
2018
Attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp
Other reserves:
EURm
Note
Share 
capital1
Share 
premium 
reserve/
Invested 
unrestricted 
equity
Translation 
of foreign 
­operations6
Cash 
flow 
hedges7
Fair value 
through 
other com-
prehensive 
income5
Defined 
benefit 
plans
Changes in 
own credit 
risk related 
to liabilities 
at fair value 
option
Retained 
­earnings
Total
Additional 
Tier 1 capital 
holders
Non- 
controlling 
interests
Total 
equity
Balance at 31 Dec 2017
4,050
1,080
–1,720
–46
103
120
–
28,811
32,398
750
168
33,316
Effects from changed accounting 
policy, net of tax
–
–
–
–
1
–
–8
–237
–244
–
–
–244
Restated opening balance 
 at 1 Jan 2018
4,050
1,080
–1,720
–46
104
120
–8
28,574
32,154
750
168
33,072
Net profit for the year
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
3,070
3,070
7
4
3,081
Items that may be reclassified  
subsequently to the income 
statement
Currency translation differences 
during the year
–
–
–240
–
–
–
–
–
–240
–
–
–240
Tax on currency translation 
differences during the year
–
–
–2
–
–
–
–
–
–2
–
–
–2
Hedging of net investments in 
foreign operations:
G19
Valuation gains/losses during  
the year
–
–
67
–
–
–
–
–
67
–
–
67
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
during the year
–
–
–19
–
–
–
–
–
–19
–
–
–19
Fair value through other 
comprehensive income:
G40
Valuation gains/losses during  
the year
–
–
–
–
–48
–
–
–
–48
–
–
–48
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
during the year
–
–
–
–
11
–
–
–
11
–
–
11
Transferred to the income 
­statement during the year
–
–
–
–
–10
–
–
–
–10
–
–
–10
Tax on transfers to the income 
statement during the year
–
–
–
–
2
–
–
–
2
–
–
2
Cash flow hedges:
G19
Valuation gains/losses during  
the year
–
–
–
720
–
–
–
–
720
–
–
720
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
during the year
–
–
–
–159
–
–
–
–
–159
–
–
–159
Transferred to the income 
­statement during the year4 
–
–
–
–676
–
–
–
–
–676
–
–
–676
Tax on transfers to the income 
­statement during the year4
–
–
–
149
–
–
–
–
149
–
–
149

--- Page 355 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
70
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Statement of changes in equity, cont.
2018
Attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp
Other reserves:
EURm
Note
Share 
capital1
Share 
premium 
reserve/
Invested 
unrestricted 
equity
Translation 
of foreign 
­operations6
Cash 
flow 
hedges7
Fair value 
through 
other com-
prehensive 
income5
Defined 
benefit 
plans
Changes in 
own credit 
risk related 
to liabilities 
at fair value 
option
Retained 
­earnings
Total
Additional 
Tier 1 capital 
holders
Non- 
controlling 
interests
Total 
equity
Items that may not be ­ 
reclassi­fied subsequently  
to the income statement
Changes in own credit risk related 
to liabilities classified as fair value 
option:
G40
Valuation gains/losses during  
the year
–
–
–
–
–
–
20
–
20
–
–
20
Tax on valuation gains/losses 
during the year
–
–
–
–
–
–
–4
–
–4
–
–
–4
Defined benefit plans:
G34
Remeasurement of defined benefit 
plans during the year
–
–
–
–
–
–173
–
–
–173
–
–
–173
Tax on remeasurement of defined 
­benefit plans during the year
–
–
–
–
–
36
–
–
36
–
–
36
Other comprehensive income,  
net of tax
–
–
–194
34
–45
–137
16
–
–326
–
–
–326
Total comprehensive income 
–
–
–194
34
–45
–137
16
3,070
2,744
7
4
2,755
Paid interest on additional  
Tier 1 capital
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–7
–
–7
Dividend for 2017
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–2,747
–2,747
–
–
–2,747
Purchase of own shares2
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–6
–6
–
–
–6
Change in non-controlling 
interests3
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–166
–166
Balance at 31 Dec 2018
4,050
1,080
–1,914
–12
59
–17
8
28,891
32,145
750
6
32,901
1)  Total shares registered were 4,050 million.  The number of own shares were 15. 2 million which represents 0. 4% of the total shares in Nordea.  Each share represents one voting right.
2)  Refers to the change in the holding of own shares related to the Long Term Incentive Programme (LTIP), trading portfolio and Nordea's shares within portfolio schemes in Den-
mark.  The total holding of own shares related to LTIP was 9. 6 million.
3)  Of which EUR –172m refers to the sale of Nordea Liv & Pension, Livforsikringsselskab A/S in Denmark.
4)  The transfer is due to the hedged item affecting the income statement.
5)  Due to the implementation of IFRS 9 the Available for sale (AFS) category no longer exists and the assets are instead classified as Fair value through other comprehensive income 
(FVOCI).  Hence, the opening balance 2018 for the FVOCI-reserve is the closing balance 2017 for the AFS-reserve.
6)  Relates to foreign exchange risk.  Out of the balance per 31 December 2018, EUR 568m relates to hedging relationships for which hedge accounting is applied and EUR – m relates 
to hedging relationships for which hedge accounting is no longer applied.  
7)  For more detailed information see Note G19.

--- Page 356 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
71
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Cash flow statement
EURm
Note
2019
2018
Operating activities
Operating profit
2,113
3,953
Adjustment for items not included in cash flow
5,024
1,238
Income taxes paid
G12
–816
–1,024
Cash flow from operating activities before changes in operating assets and liabilities
6,321
4,167
Changes in operating assets
Change in loans to central banks
G14
413
–2,052
Change in loans to credit institutions
G14
1,951
–1,463
Change in loans to the public
G14
–11,079
–2,884
Change in interest-bearing securities
G15
10,485
–90
Change in financial assets pledged as collateral
G16
402
237
Change in shares
G17
–1,379
4,984
Change in derivatives, net
G19
1,281
4,687
Change in investment properties
G24
–36
–218
Change in other assets
G25
–3,921
–1,672
Changes in operating liabilities
Change in deposits by credit institutions 
G27
–10,339
–622
Change in deposits and borrowings from the public
G28
2,050
–5,461
Change in liabilities to policyholders
G29
5,229
–1,531
Change in debt securities in issue
G30
869
12,856
Change in other liabilities
G31
–4,779
–8,307
Cash flow from operating activities
–2,532
2,631
Investing activities
Acquisition of business operations
G48
–447
–
Sale of business operations
–25
646
Acquisition of associated undertakings and joint ventures
G20
–26
–81
Sale of associated undertakings 
G20
879
90
Acquisition of property and equipment
G22
–70
–32
Sale of property and equipment
G22
15
14
Acquisition of intangible assets
G21
–517
–608
Cash flow from investing activities
–191
29
Financing activities
Issued subordinated liabilities
G35
1,401
641
Amortised subordinated liabilities 
G35
–890
–669
Paid interest on additional Tier 1 capital
–26
–7
Divestment/repurchase of own shares incl.  change in trading portfolio
29
–6
Dividend paid
–2,788
–2,747
Cash flow from financing activities
–2,274
–2,788
Cash flow for the year 
–4,997
–128
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
46,009
46,213
Translation difference
152
–76
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
41,164
46,009
Change
–4,997
–128

--- Page 357 ---
Financial statements – Nordea Group
72
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Comments on the cash flow statement
The cash flow statement shows inflows and outflows of cash 
and cash equivalents during the year for total operations.  
Nordea's cash flow has been prepared in accordance with the 
indirect method, whereby operating profit is adjusted for 
effects of non-cash transactions such as depreciation and 
loan losses.  The cash flows are classified by operating, invest-
ing and financing activities.	
Operating activities
Operating activities are the principal revenue producing 
activities and cash flows are mainly derived from the operat-
ing profit for the year with adjustment for items not included 
in cash flow and income taxes paid.  Adjustment for items not 
included in cash flow includes:	
EURm
2019
2018
Depreciation
558
307
Impairment charges
772
175
Loan losses
583
217
Unrealised gains/losses
212
239
Capital gains/losses (net)
–69
–401
Change in accruals and provisions
–26
994
Translation differences
198
–94
Change in bonus potential to policyholders, Life
203
–447
Change in technical reserves, Life
1,794
–20
Change in fair value on the hedge items,  
assets/liabilities (net)
705
–144
Other
94
412
Total
5,024
1,238
Changes in operating assets and liabilities consist of assets 
and liabilities that are part of normal business activities, such 
as loans, deposits and debt securities in issue.  Changes in 
derivatives are reported net.	
Cash flow from operating activities includes interest pay-
ments received and interest expenses paid in the following 
amounts:	
EURm
2019
2018
Interest payments received
7,395
7,412
Interest expenses paid
–3,166
–3,138
	
	
Investing activities
Investing activities include acquisitions and disposals of non-
current assets, such as property and equipment, intangible 
and financial assets.  	
Financing activities
Financing activities are activities that result in changes in 
equity and subordinated liabilities, such as new issues of 
shares, dividends and issued/amortised subordinated  
liabilities.	
Cash and cash equivalents
The following items are included in Cash and cash 
equivalents: 
EURm
 31 Dec 2019
 31 Dec 2018
Cash and balances with ­central banks
35,509
41,578
Loans to central banks, payable on demand
4,826
2,759
Loans to credit institutions, payable on demand
829
1,672
Total
41,164
46,009
Cash comprises legal tender and bank notes in foreign curren-
cies.  Balances with central banks consist of deposits in accounts 
with central banks and postal giro systems under government 
authority, where the following conditions are fulfilled:	
•	 the central bank or the postal giro system is domiciled in 
the country where the institution is established 	
•	 the balance on the account is readily available at any time.	
	
Loans to credit institutions, payable on demand include liquid 
assets not represented by bonds or other interest-bearing 
securities.  Loans to central banks, payable on demand include 
instruments that Nordea has the right to resell immediately
Reconciliation of liabilities arising 
from financing activities
The opening balance of subordinated liabilities was EUR 
9,155m (EUR 8,987m).  During the period cash flows related to 
bonds were EUR 511m (EUR –28m) and the effects of FX 
changes and other were EUR 153m (EUR 196m), ending up in 
a closing balance of EUR 9,819m (EUR 9,155m).  
Cash flow statement, cont.

--- Page 358 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
73
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
 Content for Note G1
1.	
Basis for presentation .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  73
2.	
Changed accounting policies and presentation .  .  .  .  73
3.	
Changes in IFRSs not yet applied .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  75
4.	
Critical judgements and estimation uncertainty .  .  .  75
5.	
Principles of consolidation .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 78
6.	
Recognition of operating income and impairment  . 79
7.	
Income recognition life insurance  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  81
8.	
Recognition and derecognition of financial 
instruments on the balance sheet .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  81
9.	
Translation of assets and liabilities denominated 
 in foreign currencies  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 82
10.	
Hedge accounting .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 82
11.	
Determination of fair value of financial 
instruments .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 83
12.	
Cash and balances with central banks .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 84
13.	
Financial instruments . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 84
14.	
Loans to the public/credit institutions . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 86
15.	
Leasing .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 88
16.	
Intangible assets .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 89
17.	
Properties and equipment .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 89
18.	
Investment properties .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 90
19.	
Liabilities to policyholders .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 90
20.	
Assets and deposits in pooled schemes and 
unit-linked investment contracts .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 91
21.	
Taxes .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  91
22.	
Provisions  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  91
23.	
Earnings per share . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  91
24.	
Employee benefits . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  91
25.	
Equity .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 92
26.	
Financial guarantee contracts and  
credit commitments . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 93
27.	
Share-based payment .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 93
28.	
Related party transactions . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 93
29.	
Presentation of disposal groups held for sale  .  .  .  .  .  . 94
30.	
Exchange rates .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 94
1. Basis for presentation
Nordea’s consolidated financial statements are prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS) as endorsed by the EU Commission.  In addition, cer-
tain complementary rules in the Finnish Accounting Act, the 
Finnish Credit Institutions Act, the Financial Supervision 
Authority’s Regulations and Guidelines and the Decree of the 
Ministry of Finance on the financial statements and consoli-
dated statements of credit institutions and investment firms 
have also been applied.
The disclosures, required in the standards, recommenda-
tions and legislation above, have been included in the notes, 
Capital management section or in other parts of the “Finan-
cial statements”.
On 20 February 2020 the Board of Directors approved the 
financial statements, subject to final adoption by the Annual 
General Meeting on 25 March 2020.  
The accounting policies, the basis for calculations and pre-
sentations are unchanged in comparison with the Annual 
Report 2018, except for the changed accounting policies and 
presentation described below in the section “Changed 
accounting policies and presentation”. 
2. Changed accounting policies and presentation
The new accounting requirements implemented during  
2019 and their impact on Nordea’s financial statements are 
described below.
IFRS 16 “Leases”
The new standard IFRS 16 “Leases” changes the accounting 
requirements for lessees.  All leases (except for short-term and 
small ticket leases) are accounted for on the balance sheet of 
the lessee as a right to use the asset and a corresponding lia-
bility, and the lease payments are recognised as amortisation 
on the lease liability and interest expense.  The accounting 
requirements for lessors are mostly unchanged.  Additional 
disclosures are also required.  IFRS 16 was implemented by 
Nordea as from 1 January 2019.  Nordea has applied the modi-
fied retrospective approach, which means that IFRS 16 has 
been applied from 1 January 2019 with no restatement of 
comparative figures.  The right of use asset was recognised  
as the amount of the lease liability adjusted for any prepaid 
expensed and accrued lease payments.
The main impact on Nordea’s financial statements comes 
from the accounting of property leases.  Such leasing con-
tracts are under IFRS 16 accounted for on the balance sheet 
to a larger extent than under the earlier requirements.  The 
right of use asset, presented as “Properties and equipment” 
on the balance sheet, amounted to EUR 1,521m at transition 
on 1 January 2019.  The increase of total assets was EUR 
1,163m considering also a reclassification of already existing 
prepaid lease expenses.  There was no impact on equity at 
transition.  The impact on the CET1 ratio was negative by 12 
basis points following an increase in REA.  At transition, the 
standard was implemented based on a single discount rate 
applied on a portfolio of leases with similar characteristics.  
The future cash flows have been discounted using the incre-
mental borrowing rate, and the weighted average incremen-
tal borrowing rate applied to the lease liabilities at transition 
was approximately 1%.  The assessment of onerous leases 
according to IAS 37 has been applied as an alternative to per-
forming an impairment review of the right of use asset.  Initial 
direct costs have been excluded from the right of use asset 
and the right to use hindsight when determining the lease 
term has been used.  
Reconciliation of lease commitments in Annual 
Report 2018 to lease liabilities at 1 January 2019
EURm
Future minimum lease payments under non-
cancellable leases 31 Dec 2018
1,217
Increase in lease term 
157
Discounting effect using the average incremental 
borrowing rate
–93
Deduction for leases reclassified to short-term leases 
under IFRS 16
–5
Other changes
–111
Lease liability 1 January 2019
1,165
G1.  Accounting policies

--- Page 359 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
74
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.
Impact on the balance sheet at transition
EURm
31 Dec 2018
Change
1 Jan 2019
Assets
Properties and equipment
546
1,521
2,067
- of which Owned assets
546
–
546
- of which Right of use assets
–
1,523
1,523
- of which Accumulated 
impairment on Right of use 
assets
–
–2
–2
Prepaid expenses
1,313
–358
955
Other
549,549
–
549,549
Total assets
551,408
1,163
552,571
Liabilities
Other liabilities
23,315
1,165
24,480
- of which Lease liabilities
–
1,165
1,165
Provisions
321
–2
319
Other
494,871
–
494,871
Total liabilities
518,507
1,163
519,670
Impact on the income statement and balance sheet 2019
Full year 2019
EURm
Old policy
Change
New policy
Interest expense1
–3,110
–12
–3,122
Other expenses
–1,834
195
–1,639
Depreciation, amortisation and 
impairment charges of tangible 
and intangible assets
–1,139
–191
–1,330
Income tax expense
–573
2
–571
Impact on net profit  
for the period
–6
31 Dec 2019
EURm
Old policy
Change
New policy
Properties and equipment
496
1,506
2,002
Prepaid expenses and accrued 
income
1,370
–305
1,065
Other liabilities
18,643
1,225
19,868
Provisions
586
–16
570
Current tax liabilities
744
–2
742
Retained earnings
27,678
–6
27,672
1)  Including negative yield on financial liabilities in the Annual Report 2019.
Amendments to IAS 39 and IFRS 7 
“Interest rate benchmark reform”
In September 2019, IASB published amendments to IAS 39, 
IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 as a consequence of the coming reform of 
benchmark interest rates.  The amendments give some relief 
in relation to hedge accounting.  Under the amendments, the 
hedge accounting requirements should be evaluated assu-
ming that the interest rate benchmark on which the hedged 
cash flows and cash flows from the hedging instrument are 
based will not be altered as a result of the interest rate 
benchmark reform.  The amendments are effective for annual 
periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020 and must be 
applied retrospectively.  Early application is permitted, and 
Nordea has exercised this option.  The amendments have 
resulted in that the hedge relationships in Nordea pass the 
effectiveness test and that hedge accounting can continue  
as before during the relief period.
Presentation of fair value adjustments
As from 1 January 2019 Nordea presents all other valuation 
adjustments than DVA (Debit Valuation Adjustment) as an 
adjustment to derivatives with positive fair value and DVA as 
an adjustment to derivatives with negative fair value on the 
balance sheet.  Earlier all valuation adjustments were presen-
ted as an adjustment to derivatives with negative fair value 
on the balance sheet.  The impact on 2019 was a decrease of 
derivatives with positive fair value and derivatives with nega-
tive fair value by EUR 223m.  There was no impact on the inco-
me statement or equity.  Comparative figures have not been 
restated.  
Changed recognition and presentation of resolution fees
As from 1 January 2019 Nordea recognises resolution fees at 
the beginning of the year, when the legal obligation to pay 
arises, and presents the expense as “Other expenses”. The 
earlier policy was to amortise these fees over the year and 
present the expense as “Interest expense”. The change mainly 
reflects the change in the structure of the resolution fees fol-
lowing the re-domiciliation to Finland.  
Comparative figures have been restated accordingly and 
the impact, together with the impact on 2019, can be found in 
the below table.
Resolution fee
Full year 2019
EURm
Old policy
Change
New policy
Interest expense1
–3,333
211
–3,122
Other expenses
–1,428
–211
–1,639
Income tax expense
–571
–
–571
Impact on net profit  
for the period
–
Impact on EPS/DEPS, EUR 
–
Full year 2018
EURm
Old,policy
Change
New,policy
Interest expense1
–2,929
167
–2,762
Other expenses
–1,399
–167
–1,566
Income tax expense
–872
–
–872
Impact on net profit  
for the period
–
Impact on EPS/DEPS, EUR 
–
1)  Including negative yield on financial liabilities in the Annual Report 2019.
Presentation of “Net interest income”
To increase the transparency, a more granular presentation of 
net interest income has been included in the income state-
ment.  The negative yield on assets and liabilities has been 
separated from “Interest income calculated using the effec-
tive interest rate method”, “Other interest income” and “Inter-
est expense”, respectively, and disclosed on separate lines.  
The comparative figures for 2018 have been restated.
Other amended requirements
The following new and amended standards and interpreta-
tions were implemented by Nordea on 1 January 2019 but 
have not had any significant impact on the financial state-
ments of Nordea:
•	 Amendments to IFRS 9: Prepayment Features with  
Negative Compensation
•	 Amendments to IAS 19: Plan Amendments, Curtailment  
or Settlement

--- Page 360 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
75
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.
•	 Amendments to IAS 28: Long-term Interest in Associates 
and Joint Ventures
•	 Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2015–2017 Cycle
Changes in the Finnish Accounting Act, the Finnish Credit 
Institutions Act, the Financial Supervision Authority’s Regula-
tions and Guidelines and the Decree of the Ministry of 
Finance on the financial statements and consolidated state-
ments of credit institutions and investment firms have not had 
any significant impact on Nordea’s financial statements.
3.  Changes in IFRSs not yet applied 
Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 “Sale or 
Contribution of Assets between an Investor 
and its Associate or Joint Venture”
The IASB has amended the requirements in IFRS 10 and IAS 
28 regarding sales and contributions of assets between an 
investor and its associated undertaking or joint venture due  
to inconsistent treatment of gains and losses of such transac-
tions in those standards.  The IASB has thereafter proposed  
to defer indefinitely the effective date and permit earlier 
application.  The amendments are not yet endorsed by the EU 
commission.  Nordea does not currently intend to early adopt 
the amendments.  The new requirements are not expected to 
have any impact on Nordea’s financial statements, capital 
adequacy, or large exposures in the period of initial applica-
tion as the new requirements are in line with Nordea’s current 
accounting policies.
IFRS 17 “Insurance contracts”
The IASB has published the new standard IFRS 17 “Insurance 
contracts”. The new standard will change the accounting 
requirements for recognition, measurement, presentation and 
disclosure of insurance contracts.
The measurement principles will change from a non-uni-
form accounting policy based on the local accounting policies 
in the life insurance subsidiaries to a uniform accounting poli-
cy based on the three measurement models Building Block 
Approach (BBA), Variable Fee Approach (VFA) and Premium 
Allocation Approach (PAA).  The model application depends 
on the terms of the contracts (long term, long term with vari-
able fee or short term).  The three measurement models 
include consistent definitions of the contractual cash flows, 
the risk adjustment margin and discounting.  These definitions 
are based on the similar principles as the measurement prin-
ciples for technical provisions in the Solvency II Capital 
Requirement Directives.  Unearned future premiums will be 
recognised as a provision on the balance sheet and released 
to revenue when the insurance service is provided.  Any 
unprofitable contracts will be recognised in the income state-
ment at the time when the contract is signed and approved.
IFRS 17 is effective for the annual report period beginning 
on or after 1 January 2021 with earlier application permitted.  
However, due to comments from the global insurance indus-
try the IASB board has proposed to amend IFRS 17 including 
a one-year deferral of the IFRS 17 effective date to 1 January 
2022.  The standard is not yet endorsed by the EU commission.  
Nordea does not currently intend to early adopt the standard.  
Nordea’s current assessment is that the new standard will not 
have any significant impact on Nordea’s capital adequacy or 
large exposures in the period of initial application.  It is not yet 
possible to conclude on the impact on Nordea’s financial 
statements.
Other changes in IFRS 
The IASB has published the following new or amended stan-
dards that are assessed to have no significant impact on 
Nordea’s financial statements, capital adequacy or large 
exposures in the period of initial application:
•	 Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework 
in IFRS Standards
•	 Amendments to IFRS 3: Definition of business
•	 Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8: Definitions of Material
4.  Critical judgements and estimation uncertainty
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles requires, in some 
cases, the use of judgements and estimates by management.  
The actual outcome can later, to some extent, differ from the 
estimates and the assumptions made.  In this section a 
description is made of:
•	 the sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the 
reporting period that have a significant risk of resulting in  
a material adjustment to the carrying amount of assets and 
liabilities within the next financial year, and 
•	 the judgements made when applying accounting policies 
(apart from those involving estimations) that have the 
most significant impact on the amounts recognised in the 
financial statements.
Critical judgements and estimates are in particular  
associated with:
•	 the fair value measurement of certain financial instruments 
•	 the classification of financial assets
•	 the derecognition of financial assets
•	 the impairment testing of:
-- goodwill and other intangible assets and
-- loans to the public/credit institutions
•	 the amortisation period for capitalised software
•	 the effectiveness testing of cash flow hedges
•	 the actuarial calculations of pension liabilities and plan 
assets related to employees
•	 the actuarial calculations of insurance contracts
•	 the valuation of investment properties
•	 the assessment of expected lease terms and  
classification of leases
•	 the classification of additional tier 1 instruments 
•	 assessing control for consolidation purposes
•	 the valuation of deferred tax assets
•	 claims in civil lawsuits and possible fines
Fair value measurement of certain financial instruments
Nordea’s accounting policy for determining the fair value of 
financial instruments is described in section 11 “Determination 
of fair value of financial instruments” and Note G41 “Assets 
and liabilities at fair value”. Critical judgements that have a 
significant impact on the recognised amounts for financial 
instruments are exercised when determining fair value of OTC 
derivatives and other financial instruments that lack quoted 
prices or recently observed market prices.  Those judgements 
relate to the following areas:
•	 The choice of valuation techniques.
•	 The determination of when quoted prices fail to represent 
fair value (including the judgement of whether markets are 
active).
•	 The construction of fair value adjustments in order to 
incorporate relevant risk factors such as credit risk, model 
risk and liquidity risk.
•	 The judgement of which market parameters are 
observable.
The critical judgements required when determining the fair 
value of financial instruments that lack quoted prices or

--- Page 361 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
76
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.
recently observed market prices also introduce a high degree 
of estimation uncertainty.  
In all of these instances, decisions are based upon profes-
sional judgement in accordance with Nordea’s accounting 
and valuation policies.  The fair value of financial assets and 
liabilities measured at fair value using a valuation technique, 
levels 2 and 3 in the fair value hierarchy, was EUR 185,148m 
(EUR 178,960m) and EUR 151,751m (EUR 136,412m), respec-
tively, at the end of the year.
Sensitivity analysis disclosures covering fair values of 
financial instruments with significant unobservable inputs 
can be found in Note G41 “Assets and liabilities at fair value”.
Estimation uncertainty also arises at initial recognition of 
financial instruments that are part of larger structural trans-
actions.  Although subsequently not necessarily held at fair 
value such instruments are initially recognised at fair value 
and as there is normally no separate transaction price or 
active market for such individual instruments, the fair value 
has to be estimated.  
Classification of financial assets
Nordea classifies financial assets based on Nordea’s business 
model for managing the assets.  When determining the busi-
ness model for the bonds within the liquidity buffer Nordea 
makes critical judgements.  The bonds within the liquidity buf-
fer is split in two portfolios.  For the first portfolio Nordea has 
determined that the business model is to both keep the 
bonds and collect contractual cash flows and to sell financial 
assets.  For the second portfolio, Nordea has determined that 
the business model is to manage the bonds with the objective 
of realising cash flows through sale.  The bonds within the 
first portfolio are measured at fair value through other com-
prehensive income (FVOCI) and the bonds within the second 
portfolio are measured at fair value through profit and loss 
(FVPL).  Interest-bearing securities and Financial instruments 
pledged as collateral in the liquidity buffer measured at 
FVOCI (the first portfolio) amount to EUR 29,779m (EUR 
33,564m) and interest-bearing securities measured at FVPL 
(the second portfolio) amount to EUR 34,725m (EUR 
39,708m).
Derecognition of financial assets
Loans and other financial assets where cash flows are modi-
fied, or part of a restructuring, are derecognised, and a new 
loan recognised, if the terms and conditions of the new loan 
are substantially different from the old loan.  Nordea applies 
judgements to determine if the terms and conditions of the 
new loan are substantially different from the old loan.  Nordea 
considers the terms and conditions to be substantially differ-
ent if the present value of the cash flows of the new loan dis-
counted by the original interest rate is more than 10% differ-
ent from the present value of the remaining expected cash 
flows of the old loan or if the modified cash flows are SPPI, 
but the original cash flows were not SPPI and vice versa.  The 
carrying amount of loans, interest-bearing securities and 
financial instruments pledged as collateral on the asset side 
of the balance sheet amounts to EUR 412,544m (EUR 
411,056m).
Impairment testing of goodwill and other intangible assets
Nordea’s accounting policy for goodwill is described in sec-
tion 16 “Intangible assets”, and Note G21 “Intangible assets” 
lists the cash-generating units (CGUs) to which goodwill has 
been allocated.  Also internally developed software for which 
amortisation has not yet started is included in the impairment 
test and allocated to the CGUs.  Nordea’s total goodwill 
amounted to EUR 1,969m (EUR 1,816m) at the end of the 
year.  Software for which amortisation has not yet started 
amounted to EUR 768m (EUR 1,300m) at the end of the year.
The estimation of future cash flows and the calculation of 
the rate used to discount those cash flows are subject to esti-
mation uncertainty.  The forecast of future cash flows is sensi-
tive to the cash flow projections for the near future (generally 
3–5 years) and to the estimated sector growth rate for the 
period beyond 3–5 years.  The growth rates are based on his-
torical data, updated to reflect the current situation, which 
implies estimation uncertainty.
The rates used to discount future expected cash flows are 
based on the long-term risk-free interest rate plus a risk pre-
mium.  The risk premium is based on external information of 
overall risk premiums in the relevant countries.
For information on the sensitivity to changes in relevant 
parameters, see Note G21 “Intangible assets”.
Impairment testing of loans to the 
public/credit institutions
Nordea’s accounting policy for impairment testing of loans is 
described in section 14 “Loans to the public/credit 
institutions”.
Management is required to exercise critical judgements 
and estimates when calculating loan impairment allowances.  
Nordea’s total lending before impairment allowances was 
EUR 342,646m (EUR 329,306m) at the end of the year.  For 
more information, see Note G14 “Loans and impairment”.
When calculating allowances for individually significant 
impaired loans, judgement is exercised to estimate the 
amount and timing of the expected cash flows to be received 
from the customers under different scenarios, including the 
valuation of any collateral received.  Judgement is also 
applied when assigning the likelihood of the different scenar-
ios occurring.
Judgement is exercised to assess when an exposure has 
experienced a significant increase in credit risk.  If this is the 
case, the provision should reflect the lifetime expected losses, 
as opposed to a 12-month expected loss for exposures not 
having increased significantly in credit risk.  Judgement is also 
exercised in the choice of modelling approaches covering 
other parameters used when calculating the expected losses, 
such as the expected lifetime used in stage 2 as well as in the 
assessment of whether the parameters based on historical 
experience are relevant for estimating future losses.
The statistical models used to calculate provisions are 
based on macroeconomic scenarios, which requires manage-
ment to exercise judgement when identifying such scenarios 
and when assigning the likelihood of the different scenarios 
occurring.  Judgement is also exercised in the assessment of 
to what extent the parameters for the different scenarios, 
based on historical experience, are relevant for estimating 
future losses.
The amortisation period for capitalised software
Internally developed software is capitalised and amortised 
over the useful life of the software.  As the IT landscape devel-
ops rapidly, management exercises judgment to estimate the 
useful life of the software, which affects the yearly amortisa-
tion charge.
Effectiveness testing of cash flow hedges
Nordea’s accounting policies for cash flow hedges are 
described in section 10 “Hedge accounting”.
One important judgement in connection with cash flow 
hedge accounting is the choice of method used for effective-
ness testing.
Where Nordea applies cash flow hedge accounting the

--- Page 362 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
77
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
hedging instruments used are predominantly cross currency 
interest rate swaps, which are always held at fair value.  The 
currency component is designated as a cash flow hedge of 
the currency risk and the interest component as a fair value 
hedge of the interest rate risk.  The hypothetical derivative 
method is used when measuring the effectiveness of these 
cash flow hedges, meaning that the change in a perfect 
hypothetical swap is used as proxy for the present value of 
the cumulative change in expected future cash flows on the 
hedged transaction (the currency component).  Critical judge-
ment has to be exercised when defining the characteristics of 
the perfect hypothetical swap.
Actuarial calculations of pension liabilities 
and plan assets related to employees
Nordea’s accounting policy for post-employment benefits is 
described in section 24 “Employee benefits”. 
The defined benefit obligation for major pension plans is 
calculated by external actuaries using demographic assump-
tions based on the current population.  As a basis for these 
calculations a number of actuarial and financial parameters 
are used.
The estimation of the discount rate is subject to uncertainty 
around whether corporate bond markets are deep enough, of 
high quality and also in connection to the extrapolation of 
yield curves to relevant maturities.  In Sweden, Norway and 
Denmark the discount rate is determined with reference to 
covered bonds and in Finland with reference to corporate 
bonds.  Other parameters, like assumptions about salary 
increases and inflation, are based on the expected long-term 
development of these parameters and also subject to estima-
tion uncertainty.  The main parameters used at year-end are 
disclosed in Note G34 “Retirement benefit obligations” 
together with a description of the sensitivity to changes in 
assumptions.  The defined benefit obligation was EUR 3,790m 
(EUR 3,494m) at the end of the year.
Actuarial calculations of insurance contracts
Nordea’s accounting policy for insurance contracts is 
described in section 19 “Liabilities to policyholders”.
A valuation of insurance liabilities includes estimations and 
assumptions, both financial and actuarial.  One of the impor-
tant financial assumptions is the interest rate used for dis-
counting future cash flows.  Important actuarial assumptions 
are those on mortality and disability, which affect the size and 
timing of the future cash flows.  The financial and actuarial 
assumptions are, to a large extent, stipulated in local legisla-
tion and therefore not under Nordea’s discretion.  Also, 
assumptions about future administrative and tax expenses 
have an impact on the calculation of policyholder liabilities.
The insurance liability was EUR 15,928m (EUR 15,001m) at 
the end of the year.  The carrying amount’s sensitivity to differ-
ent assumptions is disclosed in Note G29 “Liabilities to 
policyholders”.
Valuation of investment properties
Nordea’s accounting policy for investment properties is 
described in section 18 “Investment properties”.
Investment properties are measured at fair value.  As there 
normally are no active markets for investment properties, the 
fair values are estimated based on discounted cash flow mod-
els.  These models are based on assumptions on future rents, 
vacancy levels, operating and maintenance costs, yield 
requirements and interest rates.
The carrying amount of investment properties was EUR 
1,585m (EUR 1,607m) at the end of the year.  See Note G24 
“Investment properties” for more information on amounts 
and parameters used in these models.
Assessment of expected lease terms 
and classification of leases
Nordea’s accounting policy for leases are described in section 
15 “Leasing”. 
Critical judgement has to be exercised as a lessee when 
estimating the expected lease term by considering all facts 
and circumstances that create an economic incentive to exer-
cise an extension or termination option.  The expected lease 
term for contracts with no end date is estimated in the same 
way.  Backstop rules on the average expected lifetime for dif-
ferent types of real estate contracts are used as a guidance 
when making the estimate for banking branches.  A more 
detailed analysis is performed for larger contracts as head 
offices.  The head office contracts are estimated to be more 
long term in nature than the branches where the environment 
is changing at a more rapid pace.  The expected lease term of 
head office contracts is currently generally close to 25 years.  
The backstop rule of banking branches is currently limiting 
the expected lease term of contracts with no end date, or 
contracts with extension options, to 5 years.  It is possible to 
deviate from the backstop rule if the circumstances show that 
it is likely that Nordea will stay for a longer/shorter period.
For a lessor, critical judgement has to be exercised when 
classifying lease contracts.  A lease is classified as a finance 
lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards 
related to ownership.  A lease is classified as an operating 
lease if it does not transfer substantially all the risks and 
rewards related to ownership.
The carrying amount of the right of use asset was EUR 
1,506m at the end of the year.
More information on lease contracts can be found in Note 
G23 “Leasing”.
Classification of additional tier 1 instruments
Nordea has issued perpetual subordinated instruments where 
the interest payments to the holders are at the discretion of 
Nordea and non-accumulating.  Some of these instruments 
also include a requirement for Nordea to pay interest if the 
instruments are no longer allowed to be included in tier 1 
capital.  If there is a requirement to pay interest based on the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an uncertain future event 
that is beyond the control of both the issuer and the holder of 
the instrument, the instrument shall be classified as a finan-
cial liability.  The inclusion of the subordinated loan in tier 1 
capital is decided by the regulators and is thus beyond the 
control of Nordea and the holders of the instrument.  Nordea 
classifies the instruments as financial liabilities.  Instruments 
without such clauses are classified as equity as there is no 
requirement for Nordea to pay interest or principal to the 
holders of the instrument.
Assessing control for consolidation purposes
One decisive variable when assessing if Nordea controls 
another entity is whether Nordea is exposed to variability in 
returns from the investment.  For structured entities where 
voting rights are not the dominant factor when determining 
control, critical judgement has to be exercised when defining 
when Nordea is exposed to significant variability in returns.  
Nordea’s critical judgement is that Nordea is normally 
exposed to variability in returns when Nordea receives more 
than 30% of the return produced by the structured entity.  This 
is only relevant for structured entities where Nordea is also 
the investment manager and thus has influence over the 
return produced by the structured entity.
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 363 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
78
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Another judgement relating to control is whether Nordea 
acts as an agent or as a principal.  For unit-linked and other 
contracts where the policyholder/depositor decides both the 
amount and which assets to invest in, Nordea is considered to 
act as an agent and thus does not have control.
Judgement also has to be exercised when assessing if a 
holding of a significant, but less than majority, share of voting 
rights constitute a so-called de facto control and to what 
extent potential voting rights need to be considered in the 
control assessment.  Nordea’s assessment is that Nordea does 
currently not control any entities where the share of voting 
rights is below 50%.
Valuation of deferred tax assets
Nordea’s accounting policy for the recognition of deferred tax 
assets is described in section 21 “Taxes” and Note G12 “Taxes”.
The valuation of deferred tax assets is influenced by man-
agement’s assessment of Nordea’s future profitability and 
sufficiency of future taxable profits and future reversals of 
existing taxable temporary differences.  These assessments 
are updated and reviewed at each balance sheet date, and 
are, if necessary, revised to reflect the current situation.  
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets was EUR 487m 
(EUR 164m) at the end of the year.
Claims in civil lawsuits and possible fines
Within framework of the normal business operations, Nordea 
faces a number of claims in civil lawsuits and disputes, most 
of which involve relatively limited amounts, as well as pos-
sible fines due to e. g.  weak anti-money laundering processes 
and procedures in the past.  Presently, none of the current dis-
putes are considered likely to have any significant adverse 
effect on Nordea or its financial position.  As previously stated, 
Nordea expects to be fined in Denmark for weak AML pro-
cesses and procedures in the past and has made a provision 
for ongoing AML-related matters.  Nordea cannot exclude the 
possibility of fines, which could impact the bank’s financial 
performance.  In addition, some of these proceedings could 
lead to litigation.  See also Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity man-
agement”, Note G33 “Provisions” and Note G38 “Contingent 
liabilities”.
5.  Principles of consolidation
Consolidated entities
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of 
the parent company Nordea Bank Abp and those entities that 
the parent company controls.  Control exists when Nordea is 
exposed to variability in returns from its investments in 
another entity and has the ability to affect those returns 
through its power over the other entity.  Control is generally 
achieved when the parent company owns, directly or indi-
rectly through group undertakings, more than 50% of the vot-
ing rights.  For entities where voting rights do not decide con-
trol, see section “Structured entities” below.
All group undertakings are consolidated using the acquisi-
tion method.  Under the acquisition method, the acquisition is 
regarded as a transaction whereby the parent company indi-
rectly acquires the group undertaking’s assets and assumes 
its liabilities and contingent liabilities.  The group’s acquisition 
cost is established in a purchase price allocation analysis.  In 
such analysis, the cost of the business combination is the 
aggregate of the fair values, at the date of exchange, of assets 
given, liabilities incurred or assumed, and equity instruments 
issued by the acquirer, in exchange for the identifiable net 
assets acquired.  Costs directly attributable to the business 
combination are expensed.  
As at the acquisition date Nordea recognises the identifi-
able assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their 
acquisition date fair values.  
For each business combination Nordea measures the non-
controlling interest in the acquired business either at fair 
value or at their proportionate share of the acquired identifi-
able net assets.
When the aggregate of the consideration transferred in a 
business combination and the amount recognised for non-
controlling interest exceed the net fair value of the identifi-
able assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities, the excess is 
reported as goodwill.  If the difference is negative, such differ-
ence is recognised immediately in the income statement.
Equity and net income attributable to non-controlling 
interests are separately disclosed on the balance sheet, the 
income statement and the statement of comprehensive 
income.
Intra-group transactions and balances between the con-
solidated group undertakings are eliminated.
The group undertakings are included in the consolidated 
accounts as from the date on which control is transferred to 
Nordea and are no longer consolidated as from the date on 
which control ceases.  
In the consolidation process the reporting from the group 
undertakings is adjusted to ensure consistency with the IFRS 
principles applied by Nordea.
Note P21 “Investments in group undertakings” lists the 
major group undertakings in the Nordea Group.
Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures 
The equity method of accounting is used for associated 
undertakings where the share of voting rights is between 
20% and 50% and/or where Nordea has significant 
influence.  Significant influence is the power to participate 
in the financial and operating decisions of the investee 
but is not control or joint control over those policies.  
The equity method of accounting is also used for joint ven-
tures where Nordea has joint control.  Joint control is the con-
tractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which 
exists only when decisions about the relevant activities 
require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.
Investments within Nordea’s investment activities, which 
are classified as a venture capital organisation within Nordea, 
are measured at fair value in accordance with the rules set 
out in IAS 28 and IFRS 9.  Further information on the equity 
method is disclosed in section 6 “Recognition of operating 
income and impairment”.
Profits from companies accounted for under the equity 
method are reported post-taxes in the income statement.  
Consequently, the tax expense related to these profits is not 
included in the income tax expense for Nordea.
Nordea does generally not have any sales or contribution 
of assets to or from associated undertakings or joint ventures.  
Other transactions between Nordea and its associated under-
takings or joint ventures are not eliminated.
Note G20 “Investments in associated undertakings and 
joint ventures” lists the major associated undertakings in the 
Nordea Group.
Structured entities
A structured entity is an entity created to accomplish a nar-
row and well-defined objective where voting rights are not 
the dominant factor in determining control.  Often legal 
arrangements impose strict limits on the decision-making 
powers of the management over the ongoing activities of a 
structured entity.  The same consolidation requirements apply 
to these entities, but as voting rights do not decide whether 
control exists, other factors are used to determine control.  
Power can exist due to agreements or other types of influ-
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 364 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
79
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
ence over a structured entity.  Nordea normally has power 
over entities sponsored or established by Nordea.  Nordea has 
created a number of structured entities to allow clients to 
invest in assets invested in by the structured entity.  Some 
structured entities invest in tradable financial instruments, 
such as shares and bonds (mutual funds).  Structured entities 
can also invest in structured credit products or acquire assets 
from customers of Nordea, although only one such structured 
entity currently exists.  Nordea is generally the investment 
manager and has sole discretion about investments and other 
administrative decisions and thus has power over these 
entities.  
Typically, Nordea will receive service and commission fees 
in connection with the creation of the structured entity, or 
because it acts as an investment manager, a custodian or in 
some other function.  Such income is normally not significant 
enough to expose Nordea to variability in returns and will 
thus not trigger consolidation.  In some structured entities 
Nordea has also supplied substantial parts of the funding in 
the form of fund units, loans or credit commitments.  In these 
structured entities Nordea is exposed to variability in returns 
and as the power over these entities affects the return, these 
structured entities are consolidated.  Nordea normally consid-
ers a share of more than 30% of the return produced by a 
structured entity to give rise to variability and thus give con-
trol.  Variability is measured as the sum of fees received and 
revaluation of assets held.  For unit-linked and other contracts 
where the policyholder/depositor decides both the amount 
and which assets to invest in, Nordea is considered to act as 
an agent and does thus not have control.
Further information about consolidated and unconsolidat-
ed structured entities is disclosed in Note G46 “Interests in 
structured entities”.
Currency translation of foreign entities/branches
The consolidated financial statements are presented in euro 
(EUR).  When translating the financial statements of foreign 
entities and branches into EUR from their functional currency, 
the assets and liabilities of foreign entities and branches have 
been translated at the closing rates, while items in the income 
statement and the statement of comprehensive income are 
translated at the average exchange rate for the year.  The 
average exchange rates are calculated based on daily 
exchange rates divided by the number of banking days in the 
period.  Translation differences are recognised in other com-
prehensive income and are accumulated in the translation 
reserve in equity.
Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising from the acqui-
sition of group undertakings are treated as items in the same 
functional currency as the cash-generating unit to which they 
belong and are also translated at the closing rate.  
Any remaining equity in foreign branches is converted at 
the closing rates with translation differences recognised in 
other comprehensive income.
Information on the most important exchange rates is dis-
closed in the separate section 30 “Exchange rates”.
6.  Recognition of operating income and impairment
Net interest income
Interest income and expense are calculated and recognised 
based on the effective interest rate method or, if considered 
appropriate, based on a method that results in an interest 
income or interest expense that is a reasonable approxima-
tion of using the effective interest rate method as the basis for 
the calculation.  The effective interest includes fees considered 
to be an integral part of the effective interest rate of a finan-
cial instrument (generally fees received as compensation for 
risk).  The effective interest rate equals the rate that discounts 
the estimated future cash flows to the net carrying amount of 
the financial asset or financial liability.  
Interest income and expenses from financial instruments 
are, with the exceptions described below, classified as “Net 
interest income”.
Interest income and interest expense related to all balance 
sheet items held at fair value in Markets and Nordea Life & 
Pensions are classified as “Net result from items at fair value” 
in the income statement.  Also, interest on the net funding of 
operations in Markets is recognised on this line.  
The interest component in FX swaps, and interest paid and 
received in interest rate swaps plus changes in accrued inter-
est, is classified as “Net result from items at fair value”, except 
for derivatives used for hedging, including economical hedges 
of Nordea’s funding, where such components are classified as 
“Net interest income”. 
The yield on financial assets is presented on three rows in 
the income statement, Interest income calculated using the 
effective interest rate method, Other interest income and 
Negative yield on financial assets.  On the row Interest income 
calculated using the effective interest method, Nordea pres-
ents interest income from financial assets measured at amor-
tised cost or at fair value through other comprehensive 
income.  This line item also includes the effect from hedge 
accounting relating to these assets.  All other interest income 
is presented as on the income statement row “Other interest 
income“, except the negative yield on financial assets that is 
presented on a separate row.  The negative yield on financial 
liabilities is also disclosed separately in the income statement.
Net fee and commission income
Nordea earns commission income from different services pro-
vided to customers.  The recognition of commission income 
depends on the purpose for which the fees are received.  
The major part of the revenues classified as “Commission 
income” constitutes revenue from contracts with customers 
according to IFRS 15.  Fee income is recognised either when or 
as performance obligations are satisfied.  
Asset management commissions are generally recognised 
over time as services are performed and are normally based 
on assets under management.  These fees are recognised 
based on the passage of time as the amount, and the right to 
the fee, corresponds to the value received by the customer.  
Variable fees that are based on relative performance com-
pared with a benchmark are in asset management rare, and 
they are normally fixed and recognised at least each report-
ing date.  Variable fees that are not fixed on the reporting date 
cannot generally be recognised as the outcome is uncertain 
and subject to market development.  
Life & Pension commission income includes fee income, 
referred to as expense loading, from insurance contracts and 
investment contracts with policyholders.  Investments con-
tracts are contracts that do not include enough insurance risk 
to be classified as insurance contracts.  The expense loading is 
the part of the premium income considered to be compensa-
tion for the contract administration.  The fee income is recog-
nised over time when the services are performed.  These con-
tracts do generally not include any upfront fees.
Fees categorised as Deposit Products, Brokerage, securities 
issues and corporate finance, Custody and issuer service and 
Payment commissions are recognised both over time and at a 
point of time dependent on when the performance obliga-
tions are satisfied.  Card fees are categorised as interchange 
fees that are recognised at a point of time when the customer 
uses the services, and cardholder fees that are recognised 
over time or at a point of time if the fee is transaction based.  
Lending fees that are not part of the effective interest of a 
financial instrument are recognised at a point of time.  The 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 365 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
80
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
amount of loan syndication fees as well as other transaction-
based fees received are recognised at a point when the per-
formance obligation is satisfied, i. e.  when the syndication or 
transaction has been performed.  Fees received on bilateral 
transactions are generally amortised as part of the effective 
interest of the financial instruments recognised.  
Income from issued financial guarantees and expenses for 
bought financial guarantees are amortised over the duration 
of the instruments and classified as “Fee and commission 
income” and “Fee and commission expense”, respectively.  
Other fee income is generally transaction based.
Commission expenses are normally transaction based and 
recognised in the period when the services are received.  
Initial contract costs for obtaining contracts are recognised 
as an asset and amortised if the costs are expected to be 
recovered.  
Net result from items at fair value
Realised and unrealised gains and losses on financial instru-
ments and investment properties measured at fair value 
through profit or loss are recognised in the item “Net result 
from items at fair value”. 
Realised and unrealised gains and losses derive from:
•	 Shares/participations and other share-related instruments
•	 Interest-bearing securities and other interest-related 
instruments
•	 Other financial instruments, including credit derivatives as 
well as commodity instruments/derivatives
•	 Foreign exchange gains/losses
•	 Investment properties, which include realised and unre-
alised	 income, for instance revaluation gains and losses.  
This line also includes realised results from disposals as 
well as the running property yield stemming from the 
holding of investment properties 
Interest income and interest expense related to all balance 
sheet items held at fair value in Markets and Nordea Life & 
Pensions are classified as “Net result from items at fair value” 
in the income statement.  Also interest on the net funding of 
operations in Markets is recognised on this line.
Also, the ineffective portion of cash flow hedges and net 
investment hedges as well as recycled gains and losses on 
financial instruments classified into the category Financial 
assets at fair value through other comprehensive income are 
recognised in “Net result from items at fair value”. 
This item also includes realised gains and losses from 
financial instruments measured at amortised cost, such as 
interest compensation received and realised gains/losses on 
buybacks of issued own debt.
“Net result from items at fair value” also includes losses 
from counterparty risk on instruments classified into the cat-
egory Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.  
Impairment losses from instruments within other categories 
are recognised in the item “Net loan losses” or “Impairment 
of securities held as financial non-current assets” (see also 
the sub-sections “Net loan losses” and “Impairment of securi-
ties held as financial non-current assets” below).  
Dividends received are recognised in the income statement 
as “Net result from items at fair value” and classified as 
“Shares/participations and other share-related instruments” 
in the note.  Income is recognised in the period in which the 
right to receive payment is established.
The income recognition and descriptions of the lines relat-
ing to life insurance are described in section 7 “Income recog-
nition life insurance” below.
Profit from companies accounted for 
under the equity method
Profit from companies accounted for under the equity meth-
od is defined as the post-acquisition change in Nordea’s share 
of net assets in associated undertakings and joint ventures.  
Nordea’s share of items accounted for in other comprehensive 
income in associated undertakings and joint ventures is 
accounted for in other comprehensive income in Nordea.  
Profit from companies accounted for under the equity meth-
od is, as stated in section 5 “Principles of consolidation”, 
reported in the income statement post-taxes.  Consequently, 
the tax expense related to this profit is excluded from the 
income tax expense for Nordea.  
Fair values are, at acquisition, allocated to the associated 
undertaking’s and the joint venture’s identifiable assets, liabil-
ities and contingent liabilities.  Any difference between 
Nordea’s share of the fair values of the acquired identifiable 
net assets and the purchase price is goodwill or negative 
goodwill.  Goodwill is included in the carrying amount of the 
associated undertaking and the joint venture.  Subsequently 
the investment in the associated undertaking and the joint 
venture increases/decreases with Nordea’s share of the post-
acquisition change in net assets in the associated undertak-
ing and the joint venture and decreases through received div-
idends and impairment.  An impairment charge can be 
reversed in a subsequent period.
The change in Nordea’s share of the net assets is generally 
based on monthly reporting from the associated undertakings 
and joint ventures.  For some associated undertakings, and 
joint ventures not individually significant the change in 
Nordea’s share of the net assets is based on the external 
reporting of the associated undertakings and the joint ven-
tures and affects the financial statements of Nordea in the 
period in which the information is available.  The reporting 
from the associated undertakings and the joint ventures is,  
if applicable, adjusted to comply with Nordea’s accounting 
policies.
Also, impairment on investments in associated undertak-
ings and joint ventures is classified as “Profit from companies 
accounted for under the equity method” in the income state-
ment.  The policies covering impairment of financial assets 
classified into the category Amortised cost are disclosed in 
section 13 “Financial instruments” and section 14 “Loans to 
the public/credit institutions”. 
If observable indicators (loss events) indicate that an asso-
ciated undertaking or a joint ventures is impaired, an impair-
ment test is performed to assess whether there is objective 
evidence of impairment.  The carrying amount of the invest-
ment in the associated undertaking or the joint venture is 
compared with the recoverable amount (higher of value in 
use and fair value less cost to sell) and the carrying amount  
is written down to the recoverable amount if required.  
Impairment losses are reversed if the recoverable amount 
increases.  The carrying amount is then increased to the recover-
able amount but cannot exceed the carrying amount that would 
have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised.
Other operating income and other expenses
Net gains from divestments of shares in group undertakings, 
associated undertakings and joint ventures and net gains on 
sale of tangible assets as well as other operating income, not 
related to any other income line, are generally recognised 
when it is probable that the benefits associated with the 
transaction will flow to Nordea and if the significant risks and 
rewards have been transferred to the buyer (generally when 
the transactions are finalised).
Resolution fees are presented as other expenses in the 
income statement.
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 366 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
81
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Net loan losses
Impairment losses from financial assets classified into the 
categories Amortised cost and Fair value through other com-
prehensive income (see section 13 “Financial instruments”), in 
the items “Loans to central banks”, “Loans to credit institu-
tions”, “Loans to the public” and “Interest-bearing securities” 
on the balance sheet, are reported as ”Net loan losses” 
together with losses from financial guarantees.  Losses are 
reported net of any collateral and other credit enhancements.  
Nordea’s accounting policies for the calculation of impairment 
losses on loans can be found in section 14 “Loans to the pub-
lic/credit institutions”.
Counterparty losses on instruments classified into the cat-
egory Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, 
including credit derivatives but excluding loans held at fair 
value as described above, are reported under “Net result from 
items at fair value”.
7.  Income recognition life insurance 
Premiums received, and repayments to policyholders, related 
to the savings part of life insurance contracts are reported as 
increases or decreases of liabilities to policyholders.  See fur-
ther information in section 19 “Liabilities to policyholders”.
The total income from life insurance mainly consists of the 
following components:
•	 Cost result
•	 Insurance risk result
•	 Risk and performance margin
•	 Investment return on additional capital in life insurance
The result from these components is, except for the cost 
result and the risk and performance margin relating to unit-
linked and investment contracts, included in “Net result from 
items at fair value”.
The cost result is the result of expense loading from policy-
holders and is included in the item “Fee and commission 
income” together with the risk and performance margin relat-
ing to unit-linked and investment contracts.  The related 
expenses are included in the items “Fee and commission 
expense” and “Operating expenses”. The policyholders’ part 
of a positive or negative cost result (profit sharing) is included 
in the note line “Change in technical provisions, Life insur-
ance” within Note G6 “Net result from items at fair value”.
The insurance risk result consists of income from individual 
risk products and from unbundled life insurance contracts as 
well as health and personal accident insurance.  The risk pre-
miums are amortised over the coverage period as the provi-
sions are reduced when insurance risk is released.  A large part 
of the unbundled risk result from traditional life insurance is 
subject to profit sharing, which means that the policyholders 
receive a part of a net income or a net deficit.  The risk income 
and the risk expenses are presented gross on the lines “Insur-
ance risk income, Life insurance” and “Insurance risk expense, 
Life insurance” in Note G6 “Net result from items at fair value”. 
The policyholders’ part of the result is included in the line 
“Change in technical provisions, Life insurance” in the note.
Gains and losses derived from investments in Nordea Life 
& Pensions are split between the relevant lines in Note G6 
“Net result from items at fair value” as for any other invest-
ment in Nordea.  The lines include investment return on assets 
held to cover liabilities to policyholders and return on the 
additional capital allocated to Nordea Life & Pensions (Share-
holders’ capital in the Nordea Life & Pensions group).
The note line “Change in technical provisions, Life insur-
ance” in Note G6 “Net result from items at fair value” includes: 
•	 Investment returns on assets held to cover liabilities to pol-
icyholders (including liabilities from traditional life insur-
ance, unit-linked insurance and investment contracts), indi-
vidually transferred to policyholders’ accounts according to 
the contracts.  
•	 Additional bonus (discretionary participation feature) to 
policyholders concerning traditional life insurance con-
tracts or any other transfers to the policyholders to cover a 
periodical deficit between the investment result and any 
agreed minimum benefit to the policyholders.
•	 The risk and performance margin regarding traditional life 
insurance products according to local allocation rules in 
each Nordea Life & Pensions unit and according to con-
tracts with policyholders.  The recognition of a risk and per-
formance margin in the income statement is mainly condi-
tional on a positive result for traditional life insurance con-
tracts.  Risk and performance margins not possible to 
recognise in the current period due to poor investment 
results can, in some countries, partly or wholly be deferred 
to years with higher returns.
•	 The policyholders’ part of the cost- and risk result regarding 
traditional life insurance contracts or unit-linked contracts.  
The note line “Change in collective bonus potential, Life insur-
ance” in Note G6 “Net result from items at fair value” relates 
only to traditional life insurance contracts.  The line includes 
policyholders’ share of investment returns not yet individual-
ised.  The line includes also additional bonus (discretionary 
participation feature) and amounts needed to cover a periodi-
cal deficit between the investment result and any minimum 
benefits to the policyholders.
8.  Recognition and derecognition of financial 
instruments on the balance sheet
Derivative instruments, quoted securities and foreign 
exchange spot transactions are recognised on and derecog-
nised from (and an asset or a liability is recognised as “Other 
assets” or “Other liabilities” on the balance sheet between 
trade date and settlement date) the balance sheet on the 
trade date.  Other financial instruments are recognised on the 
balance sheet on the settlement date.
Financial assets, other than those for which trade date 
accounting is applied, are derecognised from the balance 
sheet when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the 
financial asset expires or are transferred to another party.  The 
rights to the cash flows normally expire or are transferred 
when the counterparty has performed by e. g.  repaying a loan 
to Nordea, i. e.  on settlement date.
Loans and other financial assets where cash flows are 
modified, or part of a restructuring, are derecognised, and a 
new loan recognised, if the terms and conditions of the new 
loan are substantially different from the old loan.  This is nor-
mally the case if the present value of the cash flows of the 
new loan discounted by the original interest rate is more than 
10% different from the present value of the remaining expect-
ed cash flows of the old loan.  The same principles apply to 
financial liabilities.  The terms and conditions are also consid-
ered to be significantly different for financial assets where the 
modified cash flows are SPPI, but the original cash flows 
were not SPPI and vice versa.
In some cases, Nordea enters into transactions where it 
transfers assets that are recognised on the balance sheet but 
retains either all or a portion of risks and rewards from the 
transferred assets.  If all or substantially all risks and rewards 
are retained, the transferred assets are not derecognised from 
the balance sheet.  If Nordea’s counterparty can sell or 
repledge the transferred assets, the assets are reclassified to 
the item “Financial instruments pledged as collateral” on the 
balance sheet.  Transfers of assets with retention of all or sub-
stantially all risks and rewards include e. g.  securities lending 
agreements and repurchase agreements.
Financial liabilities are derecognised from the balance 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 367 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
82
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
sheet when the liability is extinguished.  Normally this occurs 
when Nordea performs, for example when Nordea repays a 
deposit to the counterparty, i. e.  on settlement date.  Financial 
liabilities under trade date accounting are generally derecog-
nised and a liability is recognised as “Other liabilities” on the 
balance sheet on trade date.  
For further information, see sections “Securities borrowing 
and lending agreements” and “Repurchase and reverse 
repurchase agreements” within section 13 “Financial instru-
ments”, as well as Note G43 “Transferred assets and obtained 
collaterals”.
9.  Translation of assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies
The functional currency of each entity (subsidiary or branch) 
is decided based upon the primary economic environment in 
which the entity operates.  Foreign currency is defined as any 
currency other than the functional currency of the entity.  For-
eign currency transactions are recorded at the exchange rate 
on the date of the transaction.  Monetary assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the 
exchange rate on the balance sheet date.
Exchange differences arising on the settlement of transac-
tions at rates different from those at the date of the transac-
tion, and unrealised translation differences on unsettled for-
eign currency monetary assets and liabilities, are recognised 
in the income statement in the item “Net result from items at 
fair value”.
10.  Hedge accounting
As part of Nordea’s risk management policy, Nordea has iden-
tified a series of risk categories with corresponding hedging 
strategies using derivative instruments, as set out in Note G2 
“Risk and Liquidity management” (the Market risk section) 
and Note G19 “Derivatives and hedge accounting“.  
When a hedging relationship meets the specified hedge 
accounting criteria set out in IAS 39, Nordea applies one of 
three types of hedge accounting: 
•	 Fair value hedge accounting
•	 Cash flow hedge accounting 
•	 Hedges of net investments 
Nordea has elected, as a policy choice permitted under IFRS 
9, to continue to apply hedge accounting in accordance with 
the carve-out version of IAS 39.  
The EU carve-out version enables a group of derivatives 
(or proportions thereof) to be viewed in combination and be 
designated as the hedging instrument.  It also removes some 
of the limitations in fair value hedge accounting relating to 
hedging core deposits and under-hedging strategies.  
At inception, Nordea formally documents how the hedging 
relationship meets the hedge accounting criteria, including 
the economic relationship between the hedged item and the 
hedging instrument, the nature of the risk, the risk manage-
ment objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge and 
the method that will be used to assess the effectiveness of 
the hedging relationship on an ongoing basis.
The application of hedge accounting requires the hedge to 
be highly effective.  A hedge is regarded as highly effective if 
at inception and throughout its life it can be expected that 
changes in fair value of the hedged item, as regards the 
hedged risk, can be essentially offset by changes in fair value 
of the hedging instrument.  The result should be within a 
range of 80–125%.
Transactions that are entered into in accordance with 
Nordea’s hedging objectives but do not qualify for hedge 
accounting, are economic hedge relationships.
Fair value hedge accounting
Fair value hedge accounting is applied when derivatives are 
hedging changes in fair value of a recognised asset or liability 
attributable to a specific risk in accordance with Nordea’s risk 
management policies set out in Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity 
management” (the Market risk section) and Note G19 “Deriv-
atives and hedge accounting”. The risk of changes in fair 
value of assets and liabilities in Nordea’s financial statements 
originates mainly from loans, securities and deposits with a 
fixed interest rate, causing interest rate risk.  Changes in fair 
value from derivatives as well as changes in fair value of the 
hedged item attributable to the risks being hedged are recog-
nised separately in the income statement in the item “Net 
result from items at fair value”. Given the hedge is effective, 
the change in fair value of the hedged item and the hedging 
instrument will offset.  
The changes in fair value of the hedged item attributable 
to the risks hedged with the derivative instrument are reflect-
ed in an adjustment to the carrying amount of the hedged 
item, which is also recognised in the income statement.  The 
fair value change of the hedged items held at amortised cost 
in a portfolio hedge of interest rate risks is reported separate-
ly from the portfolio in the item “Fair value changes of the 
hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk” on the 
balance sheet.
Fair value hedge accounting in Nordea is performed mainly 
on a portfolio basis.  Any ineffectiveness is recognised in the 
income statement under the item “Net result from items at 
fair value”.
Hedged items
A hedged item in a fair value hedge can be a recognised sin-
gle asset or liability, an unrecognised firm commitment or a 
portion thereof.  The hedged item can also be a group of 
assets, liabilities or firm commitments with similar risk char-
acteristics.  Hedged items in Nordea consist of both individual 
assets or liabilities and portfolios of assets and/or liabilities.
Hedging instruments
The hedging instruments used in Nordea are predominantly 
interest rate swaps and cross currency interest rate swaps, 
which are always held at fair value.  
Hedge effectiveness
When assessing hedge effectiveness retrospectively, Nordea 
measures the fair value of the hedging instruments and com-
pares the change in fair value of the hedging instrument to 
the change in fair value of the hedged item.  The effectiveness 
measurement is made on a cumulative basis.  
If the hedging relationship does not fulfil the hedge 
accounting requirements, hedge accounting is discontinued.  
For fair value hedges, the hedging instrument is measured at 
fair value through profit and loss and the change in the fair 
value of the hedged item, up to the point when the hedge 
relationship is terminated, is amortised to the income state-
ment on a straight-line basis over the remaining maturity of 
the hedged item.
Hedge ineffectiveness can arise from: 
•	 Differences in timing of cash flows of hedged items and 
hedging instruments
•	 Different interest rate curves applied to discount the 
hedged items and hedging instruments
•	 The effect of changes in Nordea’s or a counterparty’s credit 
risk on the fair value of the hedging instrument or hedged 
items
•	 Disparity between expected and actual prepayments of the 
loan portfolio 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 368 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
83
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Cash flow hedge accounting
In accordance with Nordea’s risk management policies set 
out in Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity management” (the Market 
risk section) and Note G19 “Derivatives and hedge account-
ing”, cash flow hedge accounting is applied when hedging 
the exposure to variability in future interest payments on 
instruments with variable interest rates and for the hedging 
of currency exposures.  The portion of the gain or loss on the 
hedging instrument, determined to be an effective hedge, is 
recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated 
in the cash flow hedge reserve in equity.  The ineffective por-
tion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recycled 
to the item “Net result from items at fair value” in the income 
statement.  
Gains or losses on hedging instruments recognised in the 
cash flow hedge reserve in equity through other comprehen-
sive income are recycled and recognised in the income state-
ment in the same period as the hedged item affects profit or 
loss, normally in the period that interest income or interest 
expense is recognised.
Hedged items
A hedged item in a cash flow hedge can be highly probable 
floating interest rate cash flows from recognised assets or lia-
bilities or from future assets or liabilities.  Nordea uses cash 
flow hedges when hedging currency risk in future payments 
of interest and principal in foreign currency and when hedg-
ing interest rate risk in lending with floating interest rates.
Hedging instruments
The hedging instruments used in Nordea are predominantly 
cross currency interest rate swaps, which are always held at 
fair value, where the currency component is designated as a 
cash flow hedge of currency risk and the interest component 
as a fair value hedge of interest rate risk.  When hedging the 
interest rate risk in lending with floating interest rates, 
Nordea uses interest derivatives as hedging instruments, 
which are always held at fair value.
Hedge effectiveness
The hypothetical derivative method is used when measuring 
the effectiveness retrospectively of cash flow hedges, mean-
ing that the change in a perfect hypothetical swap is used as 
proxy for the present value of the cumulative change in 
expected future cash flows from the hedged transaction (the 
currency component).  
If the hedging relationship does not fulfil the hedge 
accounting requirements, hedge accounting is discontinued.  
Changes in the unrealised value of the hedging instrument 
will prospectively from the last time it was proven effective 
be accounted for in the income statement.  The cumulative 
gain or loss on the hedging instrument that has been recog-
nised in the cash flow hedge reserve in equity through other 
comprehensive income from the period when the hedge was 
effective is reclassified from equity to “Net result from items 
at fair value” in the income statement if the expected transac-
tion is no longer expected to occur.  
If the expected transaction is no longer highly probable, 
but is still expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss on 
the hedging instrument that has been recognised in other 
comprehensive income from the period when the hedge was 
effective remains in other comprehensive income until the 
transaction occurs or is no longer expected to occur.
The possible sources of ineffectiveness for cash flow hedg-
es are generally the same as for those for fair value hedges 
described above.  However, for cash flow hedges, prepayment 
risk is less relevant, and the causes of hedging ineffectiveness 
arise from the changes in the timing and the amount of fore-
cast future cash flows.  
Hedges of net investments
In accordance with Nordea’s risk management policies set 
out in the Market risk section in Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity 
management” and Note G19 “Derivatives and Hedge account-
ing”, Nordea hedges its foreign currency translation risk.  
Translation risk is defined as the risk of loss from investments 
in foreign operations which have a functional currency differ-
ent from that of the Group reporting currency (EUR).  The 
hedging instruments used by Nordea are FX forwards where 
only the spot component is designated in the hedging 
relationship.  
Translation differences on financial instruments that are 
designated hedging instruments in a hedge of a net invest-
ment in a group undertaking are recognised in other compre-
hensive income, to the extent the hedge is effective.  This is 
performed in order to offset the translation differences affect-
ing other comprehensive income when consolidating the 
group undertaking into Nordea.  Hedge ineffectiveness can 
arise to the extent the hedging instruments exceed in nominal 
terms the risk exposure from foreign operations.  Any ineffec-
tiveness is recognised in the income statement in the item 
“Net result from items at fair value”.
See also section 9 “Translation of assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies”.
11.  Determination of fair value of financial instruments
Fair value is defined as the price that at the measurement 
date would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a 
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants 
under current market conditions in the principal market for 
the asset or liability or, in the absence of a principal market, in 
the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.
The existence of published price quotations in an active 
market is the best evidence of fair value and when they exist 
they are used to measure financial assets and financial liabili-
ties.  An active market for the asset or liability is a market in 
which transactions for the asset or liability occur with suffi-
cient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on 
an ongoing basis.  The absolute level for liquidity and volume 
required for a market to be considered active varies with the 
instrument classes.  For some classes low price volatility is 
seen, also for those instruments within the class where the 
trade frequency is high.  For instruments in such a class the 
liquidity requirements are lower and, correspondingly, the 
age limit for the prices used for establishing fair value is 
higher.
The trade frequency and volume are monitored regularly in 
order to assess if markets are active or non-active.  Nordea is 
predominantly using published price quotations to establish 
fair value for items disclosed under the following balance 
sheet items:
•	 Interest-bearing securities
•	 Shares (listed)
•	 Derivatives (listed)
•	 Debt securities in issue (issued mortgage bonds in Nordea 
Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab)
If quoted prices for a financial instrument fail to represent 
actual and regularly occurring market transactions or if quot-
ed prices are not available, fair value is established by using 
an appropriate valuation technique.  The adequacy of the val-
uation technique, including an assessment of whether to use 
quoted prices or theoretical prices, is monitored on a regular 
basis.
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 369 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
84
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Valuation techniques can range from simple discounted 
cash flow analysis to complex option pricing models.  Valua-
tion models are designed to apply observable market prices 
and rates as input whenever possible but can also make use 
of unobservable model parameters.  The adequacy of the val-
uation model is assessed by measuring its capability to hit 
market prices.  This is done by comparison of calculated prices 
to relevant benchmark data, e. g.  quoted prices from exchang-
es, the counterparty´s valuations, price data from consensus 
services etc.
Nordea is predominantly using valuation techniques to 
establish fair value for items disclosed under the following 
balance sheet items:
•	 Loans to the public (mortgage loans in Nordea Kredit 	
Realkreditaktieselskab)
•	 Interest-bearing securities (when quoted prices in an 
active market are not available)
•	 Shares (when quoted prices in an active market are not 
available)
•	 Derivatives (OTC derivatives)
For financial instruments, where fair value is estimated by a 
valuation technique, it is investigated whether the variables 
used in the valuation model are predominantly based on data 
from observable markets.  By data from observable markets, 
Nordea considers data that can be collected from generally 
available external sources and where this data is judged to 
represent realistic market prices.  If non-observable data has a 
significant impact on the valuation, the instrument cannot be 
recognised initially at the fair value estimated by the valua-
tion technique and any upfront gains are thereby deferred 
and amortised through the income statement over the con-
tractual life of the instrument.  The deferred upfront gains are 
subsequently released to income if the non-observable data 
becomes observable.
Note G41 “Assets and liabilities at fair value” provides a 
breakdown of fair values of financial instruments measured 
on the basis of:
•	 quoted prices in active markets for the same instrument 
(level 1), 
•	 valuation technique using observable data (level 2), and 
•	 valuation technique using non-observable data (level 3).
The valuation models applied by Nordea are consistent with 
accepted economic methodologies for pricing financial instru-
ments and incorporate the factors that market participants 
consider when setting a price.
New valuation models are subject to approval by the 
Model Risk Committee and all models are reviewed on a reg-
ular basis.
For further information, see Note G41 “Assets and liabilities 
at fair value”.
12.  Cash and balances with central banks
Cash comprises legal tender and bank notes in foreign cur-
rencies.  Balances with central banks consist of deposits in 
accounts with central banks and postal giro systems under 
government authority, where the following conditions are 
fulfilled:
•	 The central bank or the postal giro system is domiciled in 
the country where the institutions are established
•	 The balance is readily available at any time
13.  Financial instruments
Classification of financial instruments
Each financial instrument has been classified into one of the 
following categories:
Financial assets:
•	 Amortised cost 
•	 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss:
--   Mandatorily measured at fair value through profit and 
loss
--   Designated at fair value through profit or loss (fair value 
option)
•	 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income
Financial liabilities:
•	 Amortised cost 
•	 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss:
-- 	Mandatorily measured at fair value through profit and loss
-- 	Designated at fair value through profit or loss (fair value 
option)
The classification of a financial asset is dependent on the 
business model for the portfolio where the instrument is 
included and on whether the cash flows are solely payments 
of principal and interest (SPPI).
Financial assets with cash flows that are not solely pay-
ments of principle and interest (SPPI) are measured at fair 
value through profit and loss.  All other assets are classified 
based on the business model.  Instruments included in a port-
folio with a business model where the intention is to keep the 
instruments and collect contractual cash flows are measured 
at amortised cost.  Instruments included in a business model 
where the intention is to both keep the instruments to collect 
the contractual cash flows and sell the instruments are mea-
sured at fair value through other comprehensive income.  
Financial assets included in any other business model are 
measured at fair value through profit and loss.  
In order to assess the business model, Nordea has divided 
its financial assets into portfolios and/or sub-portfolios based 
on how groups of financial assets are managed together to 
achieve a particular business objective.  To derive the right 
level on which portfolios are determined, Nordea has taken 
the current business area structure into account.  When deter-
mining the business model for each portfolio, Nordea has 
analysed the objective with the financial assets as well as for 
instance past sales behaviour and management 
compensation.  
All financial assets and liabilities are initially measured at 
fair value.  The classification of financial instruments into dif-
ferent categories forms the basis for how each instrument is 
subsequently measured on the balance sheet and how 
changes in its value are recognised.  In the table “Classifica-
tion of financial instruments“ in Note G40 the classification of 
the financial instruments on Nordea’s balance sheet into the 
different categories under IFRS 9 is presented.
Amortised cost
Financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost are 
initially recognised on the balance sheet at fair value, includ-
ing transaction costs.  Subsequent to initial recognition, the 
instruments within this category are measured at amortised 
cost.  In an amortised cost measurement, the difference 
between acquisition cost and redemption value is amortised 
in the income statement over the remaining term using the 
effective interest rate method.  Amortised cost is defined as 
the amount at which the financial asset or financial liability is 
measured at initial recognition minus the principal repay-
ments plus or minus the cumulative amortisation using the 
effective interest method of any difference between that ini-
tial amount and the maturity amount and for financial assets, 
adjusted for any loss allowance.  For more information about 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 370 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
85
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
the effective interest rate method see section 6, “Net interest 
income”. For information about impairment under IFRS 9, see 
section 14 below.
Interest on assets and liabilities classified at amortised cost 
is recognised in the items “Interest income” and “Interest 
expense” in the income statement.  
This category consists of mainly all loans and deposits, 
except for reverse repurchase/repurchase agreements and 
securities borrowing/lending agreements in Markets and 
mortgage loans in Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab.  This 
category also includes interest-bearing securities mainly 
related to a portfolio of interest-bearing securities in Life & 
Pension in Norway, subordinated liabilities and debt securi-
ties in issue, except for bonds issued in Nordea Kredit 
Realkreditaktieselskab and issued structured bonds in 
Markets.
Financial assets and financial liabilities 
at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through prof-
it or loss are measured at fair value, excluding transaction costs.  
All changes in fair values are recognised directly in the income 
statement in the item “Net result from items at fair value”.
The category consists of two sub-categories; Mandatorily 
measured at fair value through profit and loss and Designat-
ed at fair value through profit or loss (fair value option).
The sub-category Mandatorily measured at fair value 
through profit and loss contains mainly all assets in Markets, 
trading liabilities in Markets, interest-bearing securities 
included in part of the liquidity buffer, derivative instruments, 
shares, the mortgage loans in the Danish subsidiary Nordea 
Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab and financial assets under 
“Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment con-
tracts”. Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked invest-
ment contracts are contracts with customers and policyhold-
ers where the total risk is born by the policyholders.  The 
deposits are invested in different types of financial asset on 
behalf of customers and policyholders.  
The major parts of the financial assets/liabilities classified 
into the category Designated at fair value through profit or 
loss are issued bonds in Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab 
and assets and liabilities in Nordea Life & Pensions.  
Liabilities in Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab are clas-
sified into the category Designated at fair value through profit 
or loss to eliminate or significantly reduce an accounting mis-
match.  When Nordea grants mortgage loans to customers in 
accordance with the Danish mortgage finance law, Nordea at 
the same time issues bonds with matching terms, so called 
“match funding”. The customers can repay the loans either 
through repayments of the principal or by purchasing the 
issued bonds and return them to Nordea as a settlement of 
the loan.  The bonds play an important part in the Danish 
money market and Nordea consequently buys and sells own 
bonds in the market.  The loans are measured at fair value 
through profit and loss, and if the bonds were measured at 
amortised cost, this would give rise to an accounting mis-
match.  To avoid such an accounting mismatch Nordea mea-
sures the bonds at fair value with all changes in fair value, 
including changes in credit risk recognised in profit or loss.  
All assets in Nordea Life & Pensions held under investment 
contracts are classified into the category Designated at fair 
value through profit or loss to eliminate or significantly 
reduce an accounting mismatch with the liabilities to the poli-
cyholders that are measured at fair value.  The investment 
contracts (unit-linked) classified as “Liabilities to policyhold-
ers” on the balance sheet are managed at fair value and con-
sequently classified into the category Designated at fair value 
through profit or loss.  Changes in own credit risk is recog-
nised in profit and loss as recognising this change in other 
comprehensive income would create an accounting mis-
match.  Assets held under insurance contracts (defined in sec-
tion 19 “Liabilities to policyholders”), except for a portfolio of 
interest-bearing securities in Norway, are classified into the 
category Designated at fair value through profit or loss to 
reduce an accounting mismatch with the liabilities to policy-
holders that are generally measured at current value.
Also, assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment 
contracts that are not mandatorily measured at fair value 
through profit and loss are classified into the category Desig-
nated at fair value through profit or loss to avoid an account-
ing mismatch with the related deposits.  The deposits in 
pooled schemes and unit-linked investment contracts are 
managed at fair value and consequently also classified into 
the category Designated at fair value through profit or loss.  
The value of these deposits is directly linked to assets in the 
contacts and there is consequently no effect from changes in 
own credit risk in these contracts.  
Nordea also applies the fair value option on issued struc-
tured bonds in Markets as these instruments include embed-
ded derivatives not closely related to the host contract.  The 
change in fair value of these issued structured bonds is recog-
nised in profit and loss except for the changes in credit risk 
that are recognised in other comprehensive income.
Interest income and interest expense related to all balance 
sheet items held at fair value through profit and loss in Mar-
kets and Nordea Life & Pensions are classified as “Net result 
from items at fair value”.
Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income are initially measured at fair value plus transaction 
costs.  This category mainly consists of the interest-bearing 
securities included in part of the liquidity buffer.  Changes in 
fair values, except for interest, foreign exchange effects and 
impairment losses, are recognised in the fair value reserve in 
equity through other comprehensive income.  Interest is rec-
ognised in the item “Interest income”, foreign exchange 
effects in “Net result from items at fair value” and impairment 
losses in the item “Net loan losses” in the income statement.  
When an instrument is disposed of, the fair value changes 
that previously have been accumulated in the fair value 
reserve in other comprehensive income are removed from 
equity and recognised in the income statement in the item 
“Net result from items at fair value”. For information about 
impairment under IFRS 9, see section 14 below.
Hybrid (combined) financial instruments
Hybrid (combined) financial instruments are contracts con-
taining a host contract and an embedded derivative instru-
ment.  Such combinations arise predominantly from the issu-
ance of structured debt instruments, such as issued index-
linked bonds.
Index-linked bonds issued by Group Treasury are consid-
ered to be part of the funding activities.  The host, the zero-
coupon bond, is measured at amortised cost.  The embedded 
derivatives in those instruments are separated from the host 
contract and accounted for as stand-alone derivatives at fair 
value, if the economic characteristics and risks of the embed-
ded derivative are not closely related to the economic charac-
teristics and risks of the host contract, and the embedded 
derivative meets the definition of a derivative instrument.  
Changes in fair values, of the embedded derivatives, are rec-
ognised in the income statement in the item “Net result from 
items at fair value”.
For structured bonds issued by Markets, Nordea applies 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 371 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
86
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
the fair value option, and the entire combined instrument, the 
host contract together with the embedded derivative, is mea-
sured at fair value through profit or loss.  Changes in fair val-
ues are recognised in the income statement in the item “Net 
result from items at fair value” and presented as “Debt securi-
ties in issue” on the balance sheet.
Securities borrowing and lending agreements
Generally, securities borrowings and securities lending trans-
actions are entered into on a collateralised basis.  Unless the 
risks and rewards of ownership are transferred, the securities 
are not recognised on or derecognised from the balance 
sheet.  In cases where the counterparty is entitled to resell or 
repledge the securities, the securities are reclassified to the 
balance sheet item “Financial instruments pledged as 
collateral”.
Securities in securities lending transactions are also dis-
closed in the item “Assets pledged as security for own 
liabilities”. 
Cash collateral advanced (securities borrowing) to coun-
terparties is recognised on the balance sheet as “Loans to 
central banks”, “Loans to credit institutions” or as “Loans to 
the public”. Cash collateral received (securities lending) from 
counterparties is recognised on the balance sheet as “Depos-
its by credit institutions” or as “Deposits and borrowings from 
the public”.
Repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements
Securities delivered under repurchase agreements and secu-
rities received under reverse repurchase agreements are not 
derecognised from or recognised on the balance sheet.  In 
cases where the counterparty has the right to resell or 
repledge the securities, the securities are reclassified to the 
balance sheet line “Financial instruments pledged as 
collateral”.
Securities delivered under repurchase agreements are also 
disclosed in the item “Assets pledged as security for own 
liabilities”. 
Cash received under repurchase agreements is recognised 
on the balance sheet as “Deposits by credit institutions” or as 
“Deposits and borrowings from the public”. Cash delivered 
under reverse repurchase agreements is recognised on the 
balance sheet as “Loans to central banks”, “Loans to credit 
institutions” or as “Loans to the public”.
Additionally, the sale of securities received in reverse 
repurchase agreements triggers the recognition of a trading 
liability (short sale).
Derivatives
All derivatives are recognised on the balance sheet and mea-
sured at fair value.  Derivatives with total positive fair values, 
including any accrued interest, are recognised as assets in the 
item “Derivatives” on the asset side.  Derivatives with total 
negative fair values, including any accrued interest, are recog-
nised as liabilities in the item “Derivatives” on the liability side.
Realised and unrealised gains and losses from derivatives 
are recognised in the income statement in the item “Net 
result from items at fair value”. 
Offsetting of financial assets and liabilities
Nordea offsets financial assets and liabilities on the balance 
sheet if there is a legal right to offset, in the ordinary course 
of business and in case of default, bankruptcy and insolvency 
of Nordea and the counterparties, and if the intent is to settle 
the items net or realise the asset and settle the liability 
simultaneously.  
Exchange-traded derivatives are generally accounted for 
as settled on a daily basis when cash is paid or received, and 
the instrument is reset to market terms.  Derivative assets, 
derivative liabilities, cash collateral receivables and cash col-
lateral liabilities against central counterparty clearing houses 
are offset on the balance sheet if the transaction currency 
and the central counterparty is the same.  Derivative assets, 
derivative liabilities, cash collateral receivables and cash col-
lateral liabilities related to bilateral OTC derivative transac-
tions are not offset on the balance sheet.
In addition, loans and deposits related to repurchase and 
reverse repurchase transaction with CCP are offset on the 
balance sheet if the assets and liabilities relate to the same 
central counterparty, are settled in the same currency and 
have the same maturity date.  Loans and deposits related to 
repurchase and reverse repurchase transactions that are 
made in accordance with the Global Master Repurchase 
Agreement (GMRA) are offset on the balance sheet if the 
assets and the liabilities relate to the same counterparty, are 
settled in the same currency, have the same maturity date 
and are settled through the same settlement institution.
Issued debt and equity instruments
A financial instrument issued by Nordea is either classified as 
a financial liability or equity.  Issued financial instruments are 
classified as a financial liability if the contractual arrangement 
results in Nordea having a present obligation to either deliver 
cash or another financial asset or a variable number of equity 
instruments to the holder of the instrument.  If this is not the 
case, the instrument is generally an equity instrument and 
classified as equity, net of transaction costs.  Where issued 
financial instruments contain both liability and equity compo-
nents, these are accounted for separately.
14.  Loans to the public/credit institutions
Scope
Financial instruments classified as Amortised cost or Fair 
value through other comprehensive income are in scope for 
recognising impairment due to credit risk.  This includes assets 
recognised on the balance sheet as “Loans to central banks”, 
Loans to credit institutions”, “Loans to the public” and “Inter-
est-bearing securities”. These balance sheet lines also include 
assets classified as Fair value through profit or loss, which are 
not in scope for impairment calculations.  See section 13 above 
and Note G40 “Classification of financial instruments”.
Off-balance sheet commitments, contingent liabilities and 
loan commitments are also in scope for impairment 
calculations.
Recognition and presentation
Amortised cost assets are recognised gross with an offsetting 
allowance for the expected credit losses if the loss is not 
regarded as final.  The allowance account is disclosed net on 
the face of the balance sheet, but the allowance account is 
disclosed separately in the notes.  Changes in the allowance 
account are recognised in the income statement and classi-
fied as “Net loan losses”.
If the impairment loss is regarded as final, it is reported as 
a realised loss and the carrying amount of the loan and the 
related allowance for impairment loss are derecognised.  An 
impairment loss is regarded as final when the obligor is filed 
for bankruptcy and the administrator has declared the eco-
nomic outcome of the bankruptcy procedure, or when Nordea 
forgives its claims either through a legal based or voluntary 
reconstruction, or when Nordea, for other reasons, deem it 
unlikely that the claim will be recovered.  
Provisions for off-balance sheet exposures are classified as 
“Provisions” on the balance sheet, with changes in provisions 
classified as “Net loan losses”.
Assets classified as Fair value through other comprehen-
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 372 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
87
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
sive income are recognised at fair value on the balance sheet.  
Impairment losses calculated in accordance with IFRS 9 are 
recognised in the income statement and classified as “Net 
loan losses”. Any fair value adjustments are recognised in 
“Other comprehensive income”.
Impairment testing 
Nordea classifies all exposures into stages on an individual 
basis.  Stage 1 includes assets where there has been no signifi-
cant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, stage 2 
includes assets where there has been a significant increase in 
credit risk and stage 3 includes defaulted assets.  Nordea 
monitors whether there are indicators of exposures being 
credit impaired (stage 3) by identifying events that have a 
detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows (loss 
event).  Nordea applies the same definition of default as the 
Capital Requirements Regulation.  More information on the 
identification of loss events can be found in Note G2 “Risk and 
Liquidity management”. Exposures without individually calcu-
lated allowances will be covered by the model-based impair-
ment calculation.
For significant exposures that have been individually iden-
tified as credit impaired, the measurement of the impairment 
loss is made on an individual basis.  The carrying amount of 
the exposure is compared with the sum of the net present 
value of expected future cash flows.  If the carrying amount is 
higher, the difference is recognised as an impairment loss.  
The expected cash flows are discounted with the original 
effective interest rate and include the fair value of the collat-
eral and other credit enhancements.  The estimate is based on 
three different forward-looking scenarios that are probability 
weighted to derive the net present value.
For insignificant exposures that have been individually 
identified as credit impaired, the measurement of the impair-
ment loss is measured using the model described below but 
based on the fact that the exposures are already in default.
Model-based allowance calculation
For exposures not impaired on an individual basis, a statistical 
model is used for calculating impairment losses.  The provi-
sions are calculated as the exposure at default times the 
probability of default times the loss given default.  For assets 
in stage 1 this calculation is only based on the coming 12 
months, while it for assets in stages 2 and 3 are based on the 
expected lifetime of the asset.
The provisions for exposures where there has been no sig-
nificant increase in credit risk since initial recognition are 
based on the 12-month expected loss (stage 1).  Provisions for 
exposures where there has been a significant increase in 
credit risk since initial recognition, but that are not credit 
impaired, are based on the lifetime expected losses (stage 2).  
This is also the case for the insignificant credit impaired expo-
sures in stage 3.
Nordea uses two different models to identify whether there 
has been a significant increase in credit risk or not.  For assets 
held at transition on 1 January 2018, the change in internal 
rating and scoring data is used to determine whether there 
has been a significant increase in credit risk or not.  Internal 
rating/scoring information is used to assess the risk of the 
customers and a deterioration in rating/scoring indicates an 
increase in the credit risk of the customer.  Nordea has con-
cluded that it is not possible to calculate the lifetime PDs at 
origination without the use of hindsight for assets already 
recognised on the balance sheet at transition.  Changes to the 
lifetime Probability of Default (PD) is used as the trigger for 
assets recognised after transition.
For assets evaluated based on lifetime PDs, Nordea uses a 
mix of absolute and relative changes in PD as the transfer 
criterion.  
•	 Retail customers with an initial 12-month PD below 1%: 
Exposures with a relative increase in lifetime PD above 
100% and an absolute increase in 12-month PD above 45 
bps are transferred to stage 2.  
•	 Retail customers with an initial 12-month PD above or 
equal to 1%: 
Exposures with a relative increase in lifetime PD above 
100% or an absolute increase in 12-month PD above 300 
bps are transferred to stage 2.  
•	 Non-Retail customers with an initial 12-month PD below 
0. 5%: 
Exposures with a relative increase in lifetime PD above 
150% and an absolute increase in 12-month PD above 20 
bps are transferred to stage 2.  
•	 Non-Retail customers with an initial 12-month PD above or 
equal to 0. 5%: 
Exposures with a relative increase in lifetime PD above 
150% or an absolute increase in 12-month PD above 400 
bps are transferred to stage 2.  
For assets where rating and scoring models are used, the 
change in rating/scoring notches is calibrated to match the 
significant increase in credit risk based on lifetime PD.  In 
addition, customers with forbearance measures and custom-
ers with payments more than thirty days past due are also 
transferred to stage 2, unless already identified as credit 
impaired (stage 3).  Exposures more than 90 days past due 
will normally be classified as stage 3, but this classification 
will be rebutted if there is evidence that the customer is not in 
default.  Such exposures will be classified as stage 2.
Nordea does not use the “low credit risk exemption” in the 
banking operations but uses it for a minor portfolio of inter-
est-bearing securities in the insurance operations.  
When calculating provisions, including the staging assess-
ment, the calculation is based on probability weighted for-
ward-looking information.  Nordea applies three macroeco-
nomic scenarios to address the non-linearity in expected 
credit losses.  The different scenarios are used to adjust the 
relevant parameters for calculating expected losses and a 
probability weighted average of the expected losses under 
each scenario is recognised as provisions.  The model is based 
on data collected before the reporting date, requiring Nordea 
to identify events that should affect the provisions after the 
data is sourced to the model calculation.  Management evalu-
ates these events and adjusts the provisions if deemed 
necessary.
Write-offs
A write-off is a derecognition of a loan or receivable from the 
balance sheet and a final realisation of a credit loss provision.  
When assets are considered as uncollectable, they should be 
written off as soon as possible, regardless of whether the 
legal claim remains or not.  A write-off can take place before 
legal actions against the borrower to recover the debt have 
been concluded in full.  Although an uncollectable asset is 
removed or written off from the balance sheet, the customer 
remains legally obligated to pay the outstanding debt.  When 
assessing the recoverability of non-performing loans and 
determining if write-offs are required, exposures with the fol-
lowing characteristics are in particular focus (list is not 
exhaustive):
•	 Exposures past due more than 90 days.  If, following this 
assessment, an exposure or part of an exposure is deemed 
as unrecoverable, it is written off.
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 373 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
88
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
•	 Exposures under insolvency procedure where the collater-
alisation of the exposure is low.
•	 Exposures where legal expenses are expected to absorb 
proceeds from the bankruptcy procedure and therefore 
estimated recoveries are expected to be low.
•	 A partial write-off may be warranted where there is rea-
sonable financial evidence to demonstrate an inability of 
the borrower to repay the full amount, i. e.  a significant 
level of debt which cannot be reasonably demonstrated to 
be recoverable following forbearance treatment and/or the 
execution of collateral.
•	 Restructuring cases.
Discount rate
The discount rate used to measure impairment is the original 
effective interest rate for loans attached to an individual cus-
tomer or, if applicable, to a group of loans.  If considered 
appropriate, the discount rate can be based on a method that 
results in an impairment that is a reasonable approximation 
of using the effective interest rate method as basis for the 
calculation.
Restructured loans and modifications
In this context a restructured loan is defined as a loan where 
Nordea has granted concessions to the obligor due to their 
financial difficulties and where this concession has resulted in 
an impairment loss for Nordea.  After a reconstruction the loan 
is normally regarded as not impaired if it performs according 
to the new conditions.  In the event of a recovery, the payment 
is reported as a recovery of loan losses.  
Modifications of the contractual cash flows for loans to 
customers in financial difficulties (forbearance) reduce the 
gross carrying amount of the loan.  Normally this reduction is 
less than the existing provision and no loss is recognised in 
the income statement due to modifications.  If significant, the 
gross amounts (loan and allowance) are reduced.  
Assets taken over for protection of claims
In a financial reconstruction the creditor may concede loans 
to the obligor and in exchange for this concession acquires an 
asset pledged for the conceded loans, shares issued by the 
obligor or other assets.  Assets taken over for protection of 
claims are reported on the same balance sheet line as similar 
assets already held by Nordea.  For example, a property taken 
over, not held for Nordea’s own use, is reported together with 
other investment properties.
At initial recognition, all assets taken over for protection of 
claims are recognised at fair value and the possible difference 
between the carrying amount of the loan and the fair value of 
the assets taken over is recognised as “Net loan losses”. The 
fair value of the asset on the date of recognition becomes its 
cost or amortised cost value, as applicable.  In subsequent 
periods, assets taken over for protection of claims are valued 
in accordance with the valuation principles for the appropri-
ate type of asset.  Investment properties are then measured at 
fair value.  Financial assets that are foreclosed are generally 
classified into the categories Fair value through profit or loss 
and measured at fair value.  Changes in fair values are recog-
nised in the income statement under the line “Net result from 
items at fair value”.
Any change in value, after the initial recognition of the 
asset taken over, is presented in the income statement in line 
with the Group’s presentation policies for the appropriate 
asset.  The item ”Net loan losses” in the income statement is, 
after the initial recognition of the asset taken over, conse-
quently not affected by any subsequent remeasurement of 
the asset.
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.
15.  Leasing
Nordea as lessor
Finance leases
Nordea’s leasing operations mainly comprise finance leases.  A 
finance lease is reported as a receivable from the lessee in 
the balance sheet item “Loans to the public” at an amount 
equal to the net investment in the lease.  The lease payment, 
excluding cost of services, is recorded as repayment of princi-
pal and interest income.  The income allocation is based on a 
pattern reflecting a constant periodic return on the net invest-
ment outstanding in respect of the finance lease.  
Operating leases
Assets subject to operating leases on the balance sheet are 
reported in accordance with the nature of the assets, in gen-
eral as properties and equipment.  Leasing income is recog-
nised as income on a straight-line basis over the lease term 
and classified as “Net interest income”. The depreciation of 
the leased assets is calculated based on Nordea’s deprecia-
tion policy for similar assets and reported as “Depreciation, 
amortisation and impairment charges of tangible and intan-
gible assets” in the income statement.  
Nordea as lessee
At inception Nordea assesses whether a contract is or con-
tains a lease.  A lease is a contract that conveys the user the 
right to control the use of an asset for a period of time in 
exchange for consideration.  
The right to use an asset in a lease contract is recognised 
on the commencement date as a right of use (ROU) assets 
and the obligation to pay lease payments is recognised as a 
lease liability.  The ROU assets is initially measured as the 
present value of the lease payments plus initial direct costs 
and the cost of obligations to refurbish the asset less any 
lease incentives received.  Non-lease components are sepa-
rated.  The discount rate used to calculate the lease liability for 
each contract is the incremental borrowing rate at com-
mencement of the contract.  In significant premises contracts 
the rate implicit in the contract may be used if available.  
The ROU assets are presented as similar owned assets and 
the lease liabilities as “Other liabilities” on the balance sheet.  
The depreciation policy is consistent with that of similar 
owned assets, but the depreciation period is normally capped 
at the end of the lease term.  Impairment testing of the righ of 
use assets is performed following the same principles as for 
similar owned assets.  Interest expense on lease liabilities is 
presented as “Interest expense” in the income statement.  
The assets are classified as Land and buildings and Equip-
ment.  Equipment mainly comprises vehicles and IT hardware.  
Nordea applies the practical expedient for short-term con-
tracts (with a contract term of 12 months or less) both for 
Land and buildings and for Equipment.  The practical expedi-
ent for low value assets is applied on Equipment.  Short-term 
and low value contracts are not recognised on the balance 
sheet and the payments are recognised as expenses in the 
income statement as “Other expenses” on a straight-line basis 
over the lease term unless another systematic way better 
reflects the time pattern of Nordea’s benefit.  
Leases are mainly related to office premises contracts but 
also to company cars, IT hardware and other assets normal to 
the business.  The premises are mainly divided into banking 
branches and headoffices.  The premises contracts are actively 
managed with focus on the effective use of the premises and 
the changes in the business environment.  The lease payments 
generally include fixed payments and especially in premises 
contracts also variable payments that depend on an index.

--- Page 374 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
89
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Residual value guarantees, or purchase options are generally 
not used.
The lease term is the expected lease term.  This comprises 
the non-cancellable period of lease contracts and any options 
that Nordea is reasonably certain to exercise.  The length of 
contracts with no end date is estimated by considering all 
facts and circumstances.  
The expected lease term of most of the premises contracts 
is 1–10 years whereas the expected lease term of the main 
head office contracts in the Nordic countries is 15–25 years.  
These contracts generally have renewal options.
Embedded leases
Agreements can contain a right to use an asset in return for a 
payment, or a series of payments, although the agreement is 
not in the legal form of a leasing contract.  If applicable, these 
assets are separated from the contract and accounted for as 
leased assets.
16.  Intangible assets
Intangible assets are identifiable, non-monetary assets with-
out physical substance.  The assets are under Nordea’s control, 
which means that Nordea has the power and rights to obtain 
the future economic benefits flowing from the underlying 
resource.  The intangible assets in Nordea mainly consist of 
goodwill, IT development/computer software and customer-
related intangible assets.
Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition 
over the fair value of Nordea’s share of net identifiable assets 
of the acquired group undertaking/associated undertaking/
joint venture at the date of acquisition.  Goodwill on acquisi-
tion of group undertakings and joint ventures is included in 
“Intangible assets”. Goodwill on acquisitions of associated 
undertaking is not recognised as a separate asset but includ-
ed in “Investments in associated undertakings”. Goodwill is 
tested annually for impairment or more frequently if events or 
changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired.  
Goodwill is carried at cost less accumulated impairment loss-
es.  Impairment losses on goodwill cannot be reversed in sub-
sequent periods.  Goodwill related to associated undertakings 
and joint ventures is not tested for impairment separately but 
included in the total carrying amount of the associated under-
takings and the joint ventures.  The policies covering impair-
ment testing of associated undertakings and joint ventures 
are disclosed in section 6 “Recognition of operating income 
and impairment”.
IT development/Computer software
Costs associated with maintaining computer software pro-
grams are expensed as incurred.  Costs directly associated 
with major software development investments, with the abil-
ity to generate future economic benefits, are recognised as 
intangible assets.  These costs include software development 
staff costs and overhead expenditures directly attributable to 
preparing the asset for use.  Computer software also includes 
acquired software licences not related to the function of a 
tangible asset.
Amortisation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the 
useful life of the software, generally a period of 3 to 5 years, 
and in some circumstances for strategic infrastructure up to a 
maximum of 10 years.
Customer-related intangible assets
In business combinations a portion of the purchase price is 
normally allocated to a customer-related intangible asset, if 
the asset is identifiable and under Nordea’s control.  An intan-
gible asset is identifiable if it arises from contractual or legal 
rights, or could be separated from the entity and sold, trans-
ferred, licenced, rented or exchanged.  The asset is amortised 
over its useful life, generally over maximum 10 years.
Impairment 
Goodwill and IT development not yet taken into use are not 
amortised but tested for impairment annually irrespective of 
any indications of impairment.  Impairment testing is also per-
formed more frequently if required due to any indication of 
impairment.  The impairment charge is calculated as the dif-
ference between the carrying amount and the recoverable 
amount.  
At each balance sheet date, all intangible assets with defi-
nite useful lives, including IT development taken into use, are 
reviewed for indications of impairment.  If such indications 
exist, an analysis is performed to assess whether the carrying 
amount of the intangible asset is fully recoverable.  
The recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less 
costs to sell and the value in use of the asset or the cash-gen-
erating unit, which is defined as the smallest identifiable 
group of assets that generate largely independent cash flows 
in relation to other assets.  For goodwill and IT development 
not yet taken into use, the cash generating units are defined 
as the operating segments.  The value in use is the present 
value of the cash flows expected to be realised from the asset 
or the cash-generating unit.  The cash flows are assessed 
based on the asset or cashgenerating unit in its current condi-
tion and discounted at a rate based on the long-term risk-free 
interest rate plus a risk premium.  If the recoverable amount is 
less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recog-
nised.  See Note G21 “Intangible assets” for more information 
on the impairment testing.
17.  Properties and equipment
Properties and equipment include own-used properties, 
leasehold improvements, IT equipment, furniture and other 
equipment.  Items of properties and equipment are measured 
at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated 
impairment losses.  The cost of an item of properties and 
equipment comprises its purchase price as well as any direct-
ly attributable costs of bringing the asset to the working con-
dition for its intended use.  When parts of an item of property 
and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted 
for as separate items.
Properties and equipment are depreciated on a straight-
line basis over the estimated useful life of the assets.  The esti-
mates of the useful life of different assets are reassessed on a 
yearly basis.  Below follow the current estimates:
Buildings
30–75 years
Equipment
3–5 years
Leasehold 
improvements
Changes within buildings the shorter of 10 
years and the remaining leasing term.  New 
construction the shorter of the principles 
used for owned buildings and the remaining 
leasing term.  Fixtures installed in leased 
properties are depreciated over the shorter of 
10–20 years and the remaining leasing term.
At each balance sheet date, Nordea assesses whether there is 
any indication that an item of property and equipment may 
be impaired.  If any such indication exists, the recoverable 
amount of the asset is estimated, and any impairment loss is 
recognised.
Impairment losses are reversed if the recoverable amount 
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 375 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
90
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
increases.  The carrying amount is then increased to the recov-
erable amount but cannot exceed the carrying amount that 
would have been determined had no impairment loss been 
recognised.
18.  Investment properties
Investment properties are primarily properties held to earn 
rent and/or capital appreciation.  The majority of the proper-
ties in Nordea are attributable to Nordea Life & Pensions.  
Nordea applies the fair value model for subsequent measure-
ment of investment properties.  The best evidence of a fair 
value is normally given by quoted prices in an active market 
for similar properties in the same location and condition.  As 
these prices are rarely available, discounted cash flow projec-
tion models based on reliable estimates of future cash flows 
are also used.  
Net rental income, gains and losses as well as fair value 
adjustments are recognised directly in the income statement 
as “Net result from items at fair value”.
19.  Liabilities to policyholders
Liabilities to policyholders include obligations according to 
insurance contracts and investment contracts with policy-
holders for all the companies in Nordea Life & Pensions, 
including companies in Sweden, Norway, Finland and 
Denmark.
An insurance contract is defined as “a contract under 
which one party (the insurer) accepts significant insurance 
risks from another party (the policyholder) by agreeing to 
compensate the policyholder if a specified uncertain future 
event (the insured event) adversely affects the policyholder”.
Investment contracts are contracts with policyholders that 
have the legal form of insurance contracts but where the 
insurance risk transfer has been assessed to be insignificant.
The insurance risk is generally calculated as the risk sum 
payable as a percentage of the reserve behind the contract  
at the beginning of the contract period.
The contracts can be divided into the following classes:
•	 Insurance contracts:
-- 	Traditional life insurance contracts with and without  
discretionary participation feature
-- 	Unit-linked contracts with significant insurance risk
-- 	Health and personal accident
•	  Investment contracts:
-- 	Investment contracts with discretionary participation 
feature
-- 	Investment contracts without discretionary participation 
feature
Insurance contracts 
The measurement principles under local GAAP have been 
maintained, consequently resulting in a non-uniform account-
ing policies method on consolidation.
The measurement of traditional life insurance provisions in 
Denmark and Finland are prepared by calculating the present 
value of future benefits to which the policyholders are enti-
tled.  The calculation includes assumptions about market con-
sistent discounting rates as well as expenses and life risk.  The 
discount rate is based on the liabilities’ current term.  In Den-
mark, the provision also includes bonus potential on paid pol-
icies and on future premiums.
In Norway the traditional life insurance provisions are 
mainly calculated on the basis of a prospective method.  The 
discount rate used is equal to the original tariff rates adjusted 
for assumptions about expenses and risk.  
The accounting policy for each company is based on the 
local structure of the business and is related to the solvency 
rules and national regulation concerning profit sharing and 
other requirements about collective bonus potential (not allo-
cated provisions that protect the policyholders).
Unit-linked contracts represent life insurance provisions 
relating to Unit-linked policies written either with or without 
an investment guarantee.  Unit-linked contracts classified as 
insurance contracts include the same insurance risk elements 
as traditional insurance contracts.  These contracts are mainly 
recognised and measured at fair value on the basis of: 
•	 the fair value of the assets linked to the Unit-linked con-
tracts, and
•	 the estimated present value of the insurance risk which is 
calculated in the same way as traditional insurance con-
tracts considering the impact on every risk element includ-
ed in the cash flows.
Health and personal accident provisions include premium 
reserves and claims outstanding.  This item is recognised and 
measured on deferred basis, the same principle as used for 
general insurance contracts.  
Investment contracts 
Contracts classified as investment contracts are contracts 
with policyholders which do not transfer sufficient insurance 
risk to be classified as insurance contracts and are written 
with an investment guarantee or a discretionary participation 
feature.
Investment contracts with discretionary participation fea-
tures are, in line with IFRS 4, accounted for as insurance con-
tracts using local accounting principles.  Nordea Life & Pen-
sion has only a small number of these contracts.
Investment contracts without discretionary participation 
features are recognised and measured at fair value in accor-
dance with IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments: Recognition and 
Measurement”, equal to fair value of the assets linked to 
these contracts.  These assets are classified into the category 
Designated at fair value through profit or loss to eliminate or 
significantly reduce an accounting mismatch.
Discretionary participating features (DPF)
Some traditional life insurance contracts and investment con-
tracts include a contractual right for the policyholder to 
receive significant benefits in addition to guaranteed benefits.  
Nordea has discretion to pay these additional benefits as 
bonus on risk result, expense result and interest rate.  These 
DPF contracts (collective bonus potential) are classified as 
liabilities on the balance sheet.
Collective bonus potential includes amounts allocated but 
not attributed to the policyholders.  In Finland, collective 
bonus potential includes the policyholder’s part of the total 
unrealised investment gains and bonus potential on paid poli-
cies and future premiums (the difference between retrospec-
tive and market consistent prospective measurement prin-
ciples of the insurance contracts).  In Norway, collective bonus 
potential includes the policyholder’s part of both the total 
unrealised investment gains and additional reserves.  In Swe-
den and Denmark, the main valuation principle is fair value 
(insurance contracts).  The policyholder’s part of both realised 
and unrealised investment gains is therefore included on the 
balance sheet representing either “Change in technical provi-
sions, Life insurance” and/or “Change in collective bonus 
potentials, Life insurance”, depending on whether the invest-
ment result is allocated or not.  Both the mentioned lines are 
included on the balance sheet line “Liabilities to 
policyholders”.
Liability adequacy test
The adequacy of insurance provisions is assessed at each 
reporting date to ensure that the carrying amount of the liabili-
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 376 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
91
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
ties is higher than the best estimate of future cash flows dis-
counted with current interest rates.  If needed, additional provi-
sions are accounted for and recognised in the income statement.  
20.  Assets and deposits in pooled schemes 
and unit-linked investment contracts
Deposit in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment con-
tracts are contracts with customers and policyholders where 
the total risk is borne by the customers or the policyholders.  
The deposits are invested in different types of financial assets 
on behalf of the customers and policyholders.  
Unit-linked investment contracts include investment con-
tracts written without any investment guarantees and that do 
not transfer sufficient insurance risk to be classified as insur-
ance contracts.
The assets and deposits in these contracts are recognised 
and measured at fair value as described in section 13 “Finan-
cial instrument” above.
21.  Taxes
The item “Income tax expense” in the income statement com-
prises current and deferred income tax.  The income tax 
expense is recognised in the income statement, unless the tax 
effect relates to items recognised in other comprehensive 
income or directly in equity, in which case the tax effect is rec-
ognised in other comprehensive income or in equity 
respectively.  
Current tax is the expected tax expense on the taxable 
income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively 
enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax pay-
able in respect of previous years.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised, using the 
balance sheet method, for temporary differences between 
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial 
reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation pur-
poses.  Deferred tax assets are recognised for the carry for-
ward of unused tax losses and unused tax credits.  Deferred 
tax is not recognised for temporary differences arising on ini-
tial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is 
not a business combination and that affects neither account-
ing nor taxable profit, nor for differences relating to invest-
ments in group undertakings, associated undertakings and 
joint ventures to the extent that it is probable that they will 
not reverse in the foreseeable future.  In addition, deferred tax 
is not recognised for taxable temporary differences arising on 
the initial recognition of goodwill.
Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected 
to be applied to the temporary differences when they reverse, 
based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively 
enacted at the reporting date.  Deferred tax assets and liabili-
ties are not discounted.  A deferred tax asset is recognised 
only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits 
will be available against which the temporary differences, tax 
losses carry forward and unused tax credits can be utilised.  
Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and 
are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the 
related tax benefit will be realised.  
Tax positions are regularly reviewed to identify situations 
where it is not probable that the relevant tax authorities will 
accept the treatment used in the tax filings.  Uncertain tax 
positions are considered independently or as a group, 
depending on which approach better predicts the resolution 
of the uncertainty.  If Nordea concludes it is not probable that 
the taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment, 
the effect of uncertainty is reflected when determining the 
related taxable profit (tax loss), tax bases, unused tax losses, 
unused tax credits or tax rates.  This is done by using either 
the most likely amount or the expected value, depending on 
which method better predicts the outcome of the uncertainty.  
Uncertain tax treatment can affect both current tax and 
deferred tax.
Current tax assets and current tax liabilities are offset 
when the legal right to offset exists and Nordea intends to 
either settle the tax asset and the tax liability net or to recover 
the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.  Deferred tax 
assets and deferred tax liabilities are generally offset if there 
is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and 
current tax liabilities.
22.  Provisions
Provisions (which are presented as a liability) are recognised 
when Nordea has a present obligation (legal or constructive) 
as a result of a past event if it is probable (i. e.  more likely than 
not) that an outflow of resources embodying economic ben-
efits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable 
estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.  
The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate 
of the expenditure required to settle the present obligation at 
the end of the reporting period.
Provisions relating to Employee benefits are further 
described in section 24 and provisions relating to Financial 
guarantees contract and credit commitments are described in 
section 26.
23.  Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the profit 
or loss attributable to shareholders of Nordea Bank Abp by 
the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding 
during the period.  
Diluted earnings per share are determined by adjusting the 
weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for 
the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares, consisting 
of rights to performance shares in the long-term incentive 
programmes and contracts on Nordea shares that can be set-
tled in Nordea shares, i. e.  derivatives such as options and 
warrants and their equivalents.  Such contracts affect diluted 
earnings per share when and only when the average price of 
ordinary shares during the period exceeds the exercise price 
of the options or warrants (i. e.  they are in the money).  
The potential ordinary shares are only considered to be 
dilutive, on the balance sheet date, if all performance condi-
tions are fulfilled and if a conversion to ordinary shares would 
decrease earnings per share.  The rights are furthermore con-
sidered dilutive only when the exercise price, with the addi-
tion of future services, is lower than the period’s average 
share price.
24.  Employee benefits
All forms of consideration given by Nordea to its employees 
as compensation for services performed are employee ben-
efits.  Short-term benefits are to be settled within twelve 
months after the reporting period when the services have 
been performed.  Post-employment benefits are benefits pay-
able after the termination of the employment.  Post-employ-
ment benefits in Nordea consist only of pensions.  Termination 
benefits normally arise if an employment is terminated before 
the normal retirement date, or if an employee accepts an offer 
of voluntary redundancy.
Short-term benefits
Short-term benefits consist mainly of fixed and variable salary. 
Both fixed and variable salaries are expensed in the period when 
the employees have performed services to Nordea.  Nordea has 
also issued share-based payment programmes, which are further 
described in section 27 “Share-based payment”. 
More information can be found in Note G8 “Staff costs”.
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 377 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
92
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Post-employment benefits
Pension plans
The companies within Nordea have various pension plans, 
consisting of both defined benefit pension plans and defined 
contribution pension plans, reflecting national practices and 
conditions in the countries where Nordea operates.  Defined 
benefit pension plans are predominantly sponsored in Swe-
den, Norway and Finland.  The major defined benefit pension 
plans are funded schemes covered by assets in pension 
funds/foundations.  If the fair value of plan assets, associated 
with a specific pension plan, is lower than the gross present 
value of the defined benefit obligation determined using the 
projected unit credit method, the net amount is recognised as 
a liability (“Retirement benefit liabilities”).  If not, the net 
amount is recognised as an asset (“Retirement benefit 
assets”).  Non-funded pension plans are recognised as 
“Retirement benefit liabilities “.
Most pensions in Denmark, but also plans in other coun-
tries, are based on defined contribution arrangements that 
hold no pension liability for Nordea.  All defined benefit pen-
sion plans are closed for new employees.  Nordea also con-
tributes to public pension systems.
Pension costs
Obligations for defined contribution pension plans are recog-
nised as an expense as the employee renders services to the 
entity and the contribution payable in exchange for that ser-
vice becomes due.  Nordea’s net obligation for defined benefit 
pension plans is calculated separately for each plan by esti-
mating the amount of future benefit that employees have 
earned for their service in the current and prior periods.  That 
benefit is discounted to determine its present value.  Actuarial 
calculations including the projected unit credit method are 
applied to assess the present value of defined benefit obliga-
tions and related costs, based on several actuarial and finan-
cial assumptions (as disclosed in Note G34 “Retirement ben-
efit obligations”).  
When establishing the present value of the obligation and 
the fair value of any plan assets, remeasurement effects may 
arise as a result of changes in actuarial assumptions and 
experience effects (actual outcome compared to assump-
tions).  The remeasurement effects are recognised immedi-
ately in equity through other comprehensive income.  
When the calculation results in a benefit the recognised 
asset is limited to the present value of any future refunds 
from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the 
plan.
Social security contribution is calculated and accounted for 
based on the net recognised surplus or deficit by plan and is 
included on the balance sheet as “Retirement benefit liabili-
ties” or “Retirement benefit assets”.
Discount rate in defined benefit pension plans
The discount rate is determined by reference to high-quality 
corporate bonds, where a deep enough market for such 
bonds exists.  Covered bonds are in this context considered to 
be corporate bonds.  In countries where no such market exists 
the discount rate is determined by reference to government 
bond yields.  In Sweden, Norway and Denmark the discount 
rate is determined with reference to covered bonds and in 
Finland with reference to corporate bonds.  In Sweden, Nor-
way and Denmark the observed covered bond credit spreads 
over the swap curve are derived from the most liquid long-
dated covered bonds and extrapolated to the same duration 
as the pension obligations using the relevant swap curves.  In 
Finland the corporate bond credit spread over the govern-
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.
ment bond rate is extrapolated to the same duration as the 
pension obligation using the government bond curve.  
Termination benefits
As mentioned above termination benefits normally arise if an 
employment is terminated before the normal retirement date, 
or if an employee accepts an offer of voluntary redundancy.  
Termination benefits do not arise if the employees have to 
continue performing services and the termination benefits 
can be considered to be normal compensation for those 
services.  
Termination benefits are expensed when Nordea has an 
obligation to make the payment.  An obligation arises when 
there is a formal plan committed to on the appropriate organ-
isational level and when Nordea is without realistic possibility 
of withdrawal, which normally occurs when the plan has 
been communicated to the group affected or to their 
representatives.  
Termination benefits can include both short-term benefits, 
for instance a number of months’ salary, and post-employ-
ment benefits, normally in the form of early retirement.  Short-
term benefits are classified as “Salaries and remuneration” 
and post-employment benefits as “Pension costs” in Note G8 
“Staff costs”. 
25.  Equity
Non-controlling interests
Non-controlling interests comprise the portion of net assets 
of group undertakings not owned directly or indirectly by 
Nordea Bank Abp.
For each business combination, Nordea measures the non-
controlling interests in the acquiree either at fair value or at 
their proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net 
assets.
Additional Tier 1 capital holders
Nordea has issued perpetual subordinated instruments where 
the interest payments to the holders are at the discretion of 
Nordea and non-accumulating.  Some of these instruments 
also include a requirement for Nordea to pay interest if the 
instruments are no longer allowed to be included in tier 1 
capital.  If there is a requirement to pay interest based on the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an uncertain future event 
that is beyond the control of both the issuer and the holder of 
the instrument, the instrument shall be classified as a finan-
cial liability.  The inclusion of the subordinated loan in tier 1 
capital is decided by the regulators and is thus beyond the 
control of Nordea and the holders of the instrument.  Nordea 
classifies the instruments as financial liabilities.  Instruments 
without such clauses are classified as equity as there is no 
requirement for Nordea to pay interest or principal to the 
holders of the instrument.
Nordea determines payments on financial instrument clas-
sified as equity (i. e.  Additional Tier 1 instruments) as distribu-
tions of profits and for that reason such payments are 
accounted for as dividends.  
Invested unrestricted equity/Share premium reserve
The reserve consists of the difference between the subscrip-
tion price and the quota value of the shares in Nordea’s rights 
issue.  Transaction costs in connection to the rights issue have 
been deducted.
Other reserves
Other reserves comprise income and expenses, net after tax 
effects, which are reported in equity through other compre-
hensive income.  These reserves include reserves for cash flow

--- Page 378 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
93
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
hedges, financial assets classified into the category Financial 
assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and 
accumulated remeasurements of defined benefit pension 
plans, as well as a reserve for translation differences.  
Retained earnings
Apart from undistributed profits from previous years, retained 
earnings include the equity portion of untaxed reserves.  
Untaxed reserves according to national rules are accounted 
for as equity net of deferred tax at prevailing tax rates in the 
respective country.
In addition, Nordea’s share of the earnings in associated 
undertakings and joint ventures, after the acquisition date, 
that have not been distributed is included in retained 
earnings.
Treasury shares
Treasury shares are not accounted for as assets.  Acquisitions 
of treasury shares are recognised as a deduction of “Retained 
earnings” on the balance sheet.  Also, own shares in trading 
portfolios are classified as treasury shares.  Divested treasury 
shares are recognised as an increase of “Retained earnings”.
Contracts on Nordea shares that can be settled net in cash, 
i. e.  derivatives such as options and warrants and their equiva-
lents, are either presented as financial assets or financial 
liabilities.
26.  Financial guarantee contracts 
and credit commitments
Upon initial recognition, premiums received in issued finan-
cial guarantee contracts and credit commitments are recog-
nised as prepaid income on the balance sheet.  The guaran-
tees and irrevocable credit commitments are subsequently 
measured and recognised as a provision on the balance sheet 
at the higher of either the received fee less amortisation, or 
an amount calculated in accordance with IFRS 9.  Changes in 
provisions are recognised in the income statement in the item 
“Net loan losses”. 
Premiums received for financial guarantees are, as stated 
in section 6 “Recognition of operating income and impair-
ment”, amortised over the guarantee period and recognised 
as “Fee and commission income” in the income statement.  
Premiums received on credit commitments are generally 
amortised over the loan commitment period.  The contractual 
amounts are recognised off-balance sheet, net of any provi-
sions.  Financial guarantees are disclosed in the item “Contin-
gent liabilities” and irrevocable credit commitments in the 
item “Commitments”.
27.  Share-based payment
Equity-settled programmes
Nordea has issued programmes where employees participat-
ing in these programmes are granted share-based equity-set-
tled rights, i. e.  rights to receive shares for free or to acquire 
shares in Nordea at a significant discount compared to the 
share price at grant date.  The value of such rights is 
expensed.  The expense is based on the estimated fair value of 
each right at grant date.  The total fair value is the original fair 
value per right times the best estimate of rights that will 
eventually vest, which is reassessed at each reporting date.  
The fair value is expensed on a straight-line basis over the 
vesting period.  The vesting period is the period that the 
employees have to remain in service in Nordea in order for 
their rights to vest.  Market performance conditions in Perfor-
mance Share II are reflected as a probability adjustment to 
the initial estimate of fair value at grant date.  There is no 
adjustment (true-up) for differences between estimated and 
actual vesting due to market conditions.  
Social security costs are also allocated over the vesting 
period.  The provision for social security costs is reassessed on 
each reporting date to ensure that the provision is based on 
the rights’ fair value at the reporting date.
For more information see Note G8 “Staff costs”.
Cash-settled programmes
Nordea has to defer payment of variable salaries under Nordic 
FSA’s regulations and general guidelines, as is also the case 
with the Executive Incentive Programme (EIP).  The deferred 
amounts are to some extent indexed using Nordea’s TSR 
(Total Shareholders’ Return) and these “programmes” are 
cash-settled share-based programmes.  These programmes 
are fully vested when the payments of variable salaries are ini-
tially deferred, and the fair value of the obligation is remea-
sured on a continuous basis.  The remeasurements are, togeth-
er with the related social charges, recognised in the income 
statement in the item “Net result from items at fair value”. 
For more information see Note G8 “Staff costs”.
28.  Related party transactions
Nordea defines related parties as:
•	 Shareholders with significant influence
•	 Associated undertakings and joint ventures
•	 Key management personnel
•	 Other related parties
All transactions with related parties are made on an arm’s 
length basis, apart from loans granted to employees as well 
as certain other commitments to key management, see
Note G8 “Staff costs” and Note G38 “Contingent liabilities”.
Shareholders with significant influence
Shareholders with significant influence are shareholders that 
have the power to participate in the financial and operating 
decisions of Nordea but do not control those policies.
Associated undertakings and joint ventures
For the definition of associated undertakings and joint ven-
tures, see section 5 “Principles of consolidation”. 
Further information on the associated undertakings and 
the joint ventures included in the Nordea Group is found in 
Note G20 “Investments in associated undertakings and joint 
ventures”.
Key management personnel
Key management personnel includes the following positions:
•	 Board of Directors
•	 Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
•	 Group Leadership Team (GLT)
For information about compensation, pensions and other 
transactions with key management personnel, see Note G8 
“Staff costs”. 
Other related parties
Other related parties comprise close family members to indi-
viduals in key management personnel.  Other related parties 
also include companies significantly influenced by key man-
agement personnel in the Nordea Group as well as compa-
nies significantly influenced by close family members to key 
management personnel.  Other related parties also include 
Nordea’s pension foundations.
Information concerning transactions between Nordea and 
other related parties is found in Note G45 “Related-party 
transactions”.
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.

--- Page 379 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
94
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G1.  Accounting policies, cont.
29.  Presentation of disposal groups held for sale
Assets and liabilities related to disposal groups are presented 
on the separate balance sheet lines “Assets held for sale” and 
“Liabilities held for sale”, respectively, as from the classifica-
tion date.  Financial instruments continue to be measured 
under IFRS 9, while non-financial assets are held at the lower 
of carrying amount and fair value.  Comparative figures are 
not restated.
30.  Exchange rates
Jan–Dec 2019
Jan–Dec 2018
EUR 1 = SEK
Income statement (average)
10. 5848
10. 2608
Balance sheet (at end of year)
10. 4563
10. 2330
EUR 1 = DKK
Income statement (average)
7.4661
7.4533
Balance sheet (at end of year)
7.4717
7.4672
EUR 1 = NOK
Income statement (average)
9. 8499
9. 6033
Balance sheet (at end of year)
9. 8463
9. 9470
EUR 1 = RUB
Income statement (average)
72. 4524
74. 0484
Balance sheet (at end of year)
69. 7096
79. 3826

--- Page 380 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
95
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management
Maintaining risk awareness in the organisation is engrained in 
Nordea’s business strategies. Nordea has defined clear risk, 
liquidity and capital management frameworks, including poli-
cies and instructions for different risk types, capital adequacy 
and capital structure.
Internal Control Framework
The Internal Control Framework covers the whole Group and 
it sets out the Group Board’s and senior executive manage-
ment’s responsibilities towards internal control, all Group 
Functions and Business Areas including outsourced activities 
and distribution channels. Under the Internal Control Frame-
work, all Business Areas, Group Functions and units are 
responsible for managing the risks they incur in conducting 
their activities and to have controls in place that aim to ensure 
compliance with internal and external requirements. As part 
of the Internal Control Framework, Nordea has established 
Group Control Functions with appropriate and sufficient 
authority, independence and access to the Group Board to ful-
fil their mission, as well as the Risk Management Framework.
The Internal Control Framework ensures effective and effi-
cient operations, adequate identification, measurement and 
mitigation of risks, prudent conduct of business, sound 
administrative and accounting procedures, reliability of finan-
cial and non-financial information (both internal and exter-
nal) and compliance with applicable laws, regulations, stan-
dards, supervisory requirements and the Group internal rules.
The internal control process is carried out by the governing 
bodies, risk management functions, management and other 
staff at Nordea. The internal control process is based on five 
main components: control environment, risk assessment, con-
trol activities, information and communication as well as 
monitoring. The internal control process is created to ensure 
the necessary fundamentals for the entire organisation to 
contribute to the effectiveness and high quality of internal 
control through, for instance, clear definitions, assignments of 
roles and responsibilities and common tools and procedures.
Governing bodies for risk, liquidity 
and capital management 
The Group Board, the Board Risk Committee (BRIC), the Pres-
ident of Nordea Bank Abp and Nordea Group Chief Executive 
Officer (CEO) in Group Leadership Team (GLT), the Asset and 
Liability Committee (ALCO) and the Risk Committee (RC) are 
the key decision-making bodies for risk, liquidity and capital 
management in Nordea. In addition, the CEO Credit Commit-
tee, the Executive Credit Committee and Business Area Credit 
Committees are the key bodies for Credit decision-making. 
Board of Directors and Board Risk Committee
The Group Board has following overarching risk management 
responsibilities.
•	 It decides on the Group risk strategy and the Risk Appetite 
Framework, including the Risk Appetite Statements, with at 
least annual reviews and additional updates when needed.
•	 It decides on and oversees an adequate and effective Risk 
Management Framework and regularly evaluates whether 
the Group has effective and appropriate controls to man-
age the risks. 
The Group Board decides on the Group Board Directive on 
Capital including dividend policy, which ensures adequate 
capital levels within the Group, on an ongoing and forward-
looking basis consistent with Nordea’s business model, risk 
appetite and regulatory requirements and expectations.
The Board Risk Committee (BRIC) assists the Group Board in 
fulfilling its oversight responsibilities concerning management 
and control of the risk, risk frameworks, controls and processes 
associated with the Group’s operations, including credit, market, 
liquidity, business, life and operational risk, as well as conduct 
and compliance risk and related frameworks and processes. 
President and Chief Executive Officer
The Group CEO is responsible to the Group Board for the 
overall management of the Group's operations and risks. 
Responsibilities include ensuring that the risk strategy and 
risk management decided by the Group Board is implement-
ed, the necessary practical measures are taken and risks are 
monitored and limited. The Group CEO is working together 
with heads of Business Areas and certain heads of Group 
Functions within GLT for the purposes of supporting the 
Group CEO’s decision-making.
Group-wide committees have been established in order to 
promote coordination within the Group, thus ensuring com-
mitment to and ownership of Group-wide prioritizations, 
decisions and implementation. The composition and the areas 
of responsibility of each committee are established in the 
Group Board Directives or Group CEO Instructions for the 
respective committees.
Asset and Liability Committee
The Asset and Liability Committee (ALCO) is subordinated to 
the Group CEO in GLT and chaired by the Chief Financial Offi-
cer (CFO). ALCO decides on changes to the financial opera-
tions and the risk profile of the balance sheet, including asset 
and liability management (ALM), balance sheet management 
and liquidity management. ALCO also decides on certain issu-
ances and capital injections for all wholly-owned legal enti-
ties within the Group. ALCO has established sub-committees 
for its work and decision-making within specific risk areas. 
Risk Committee
Risk Committee (RC) is sub-ordinated to the Group CEO in 
GLT and chaired by the Chief Risk Officer (CRO). It has been 
established in order to manage the overall Risk Management 
Framework and prepares or provides guidance regarding 
proposals to the Group CEO in GLT and/or the relevant Board 
of Directors (BoD) on issues of major importance concerning 
Nordea’s Risk Management Framework. Given the BoD decid-
ed Risk Appetite Framework, RC decides on the allocation of 
cascaded risks limits to risk-taking units and on actions relat-
ing to the management of all risks. The first line of defence 
(1st LoD) is responsible for ensuring that limits are further 
cascaded and operationally implemented. RC has established 
sub-committees for its work and decision-making within spe-
cific risk areas. 
Credit decision-making bodies
The governing bodies for Credit Risk and/or the Credit Risk 
Management Framework are the Group Board and BRIC. The 
Group Board and the local BoD delegate credit decision-mak-
ing according to the Powers to Act as described in the Group 
Board Directive for Risk:
•	 CEO Credit Committee is chaired by the Group CEO and its 
members include the members of the Executive Credit 
Committee.
•	 Executive Credit Committee is chaired by the Head of 
Group Credit Management, and BRIC appoints the mem-
bers of the Executive Credit Committee.
•	 The Executive Credit Committee establishes credit commit-
tees for each Business Area as required by organisational 
and customer segmentation.
BRIC reviews decisions of the CEO Credit Committee and the 
Executive Credit Committee, as well as other strategic credit 
policy matters and development of the credit portfolio. BRIC 
confirms Industry Group Strategies approved by the RC.
All credit limits within the Nordea Group are based on

--- Page 381 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
96
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
credit decisions or authorizations made by an ultimate Deci-
sion-Making Authority with the right to decide upon that 
limit. Credit decisions include, inter alia, pricing, risk mitiga-
tion and any terms and conditions related to the limit or 
expected utilization. Credit decisions also serve to delegate 
decision making within the approved limit to lower decision 
makers, unless otherwise explicitly decided.
Subsidiary governance
At subsidiary level, the local BoD is responsible for approving 
risk appetite limits and capital actions. The proposals for such 
items are the joint responsibilities of relevant subsidiary man-
agement and Group Functions. 
The subsidiary BoD has oversight responsibilities concern-
ing the management and control of risk, risk management 
frameworks as well as the processes associated with the sub-
sidiary’s operations. In addition, there are risk management 
functions responsible for the risk management framework 
and processes within the subsidiary. 
The subsidiary CEO is part of the decision-making process 
at the subsidiary level and is responsible for the daily 
operations.
Governance of Risk Management and Compliance
Group Risk and Compliance (GRC) represents Nordea’s inde-
pendent second line of defence (2nd LoD) function. GRC 
oversees the implementation of the financial and the non-
financial risk policies and according to a risk-based approach, 
monitors and controls the Risk Management Framework 
including the Compliance Risk Framework and oversees that 
risks that Nordea is or could be exposed to, are identified, 
assessed, monitored, managed and reported on. GRC is 
organised in divisions with individual risk type responsibility.
Risk and Capital Management Processes
The Risk Management Framework ensures consistent pro-
cesses for identifying, assessing and measuring, responding 
to and mitigating, controlling and monitoring and reporting 
risks to enable informed decisions on risk-taking. The Risk 
Management Framework encompasses all risks to which 
Nordea is or could be exposed, including off-balance sheet 
risks and risks in a stressed situation. Detailed risk informa-
tion, covering all risks as well as capital adequacy, is regularly 
reported to the RC, GLT, BRIC and the Group Board. In addi-
tion to this Nordea’s compliance with regulatory requirements 
is reported to the GLT and the Group Board. The Group Board 
and the CEO in each legal entity regularly receive local risk 
reporting.
The Risk Identification and Materiality Assessment Process 
starts with identifying potential risks to which Nordea is or 
could be exposed. Risks are then assessed for relevance, clas-
sified, and included in the Common Risk Taxonomy.
All risks within the Nordea Common Risk Taxonomy need 
to be classified as material or not material for risk manage-
ment and capital purposes. Material risks are those assessed 
as having a material impact on Nordea’s current and future 
financial position, its customers and stakeholders. These risks 
will typically, though not always, refer to a higher-level risk 
within the Risk Taxonomy which captures a number of under-
lying risks in which losses arise from a common source. 
Risk appetite
The Risk Appetite Framework (RAF) supports effective risk 
management and a sound risk culture by enabling informed 
decisions on risk-taking, with the objective of ensuring that 
risk-taking activities are conducted within the organisation’s 
risk appetite and that emerging risks are identified and 
addressed in a timely way.
Risk capacity is the maximum level of risk Nordea is 
deemed able to assume given its capital (own funds), its risk 
management and control capabilities and its regulatory con-
straints. Risk appetite is the aggregate level and types of risk 
Nordea is willing to assume within its risk capacity, in line 
with its business model, to achieve its strategic objectives. 
The Risk Appetite Statements (RAS) are the articulation of 
the Group Board approved risk appetite and comprises the 
qualitative statements and quantitative Limits and Triggers by 
main risk type, which are deemed appropriate to be able to 
operate with a prudent risk profile. 
Credit concentration metrics cover e.g. sectors and geo-
graphic regions of size or importance. Stress test metrics are 
applied to credit, market and liquidity risk metrics to ensure a 
forward-looking approach to risk management. Operational 
risk metrics cover both residual risk levels and requirements 
for mitigating actions as well as limits for incidents and 
losses. 
Risk appetite processes
The RAF contains all processes and controls to establish, 
monitor and communicate Nordea’s risk appetite:
•	 Risk capacity setting based on capital position: On an 
annual basis, the Group’s overall risk capacity is aligned 
with the financial and capital planning process, based on 
Nordea’s risk strategy. Risk capacity is set in line with 
Nordea’s capital position, including an appropriate shock 
absorbing capacity.
•	 Risk appetite allocation by risk type: Risk appetite includes 
Risk Appetite Limits for the main risk types that Nordea is 
or could be exposed to in line with the Risk Taxonomy. Risk 
Appetite Triggers are also set for these main risk types, to 
act as early indicators for key decision-makers that the risk 
profile for a particular risk type is approaching its Risk 
Appetite Limit.
•	 Risk limit setting: Measurable risk limits are established 
and set at an appropriate level to manage risk-taking 
effectively. Risk Appetite Limits are set by the Group Board. 
These inform the risk limits which are established and 
approved at lower decision-making levels at Nordea, 
including RC and sub-RC levels, and also other levels as 
appropriate. Subsidiary risk limits must be set by the 
appropriate governing body in alignment with local regula-
tory requirements and consistent with the Group Risk 
Limits.
•	 Controlling and monitoring risk exposures against risk lim-
its: Regular controlling and monitoring of risk exposures 
compared to risk limits is carried out to ensure that risk-
taking activity remains within risk appetite.
•	 Risk appetite limit breach management process: GRC over-
sees that any Risk Appetite Limit breaches are appropri-
ately escalated to RC and BRIC. GRC reports monthly on 
any breaches of the risk appetite to the Group Board and 
other relevant governing bodies including a follow-up on 
the status of actions to be taken, until the relevant risk 
exposure is within appetite. The reporting includes a con-
sistent status indicator to communicate the current risk 
exposure compared to Risk Appetite Limit for all risk types 
covered by the RAS.
Embedding risk appetite in business processes
The end-to-end risk appetite process cycle is aligned with 
other strategic processes, including the Internal Capital Ade-
quacy Assessment Process (ICAAP), Internal Liquidity Ade-
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.

--- Page 382 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
97
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
quacy Assessment Process (ILAAP) and the Recovery and 
Resolution Plan. 
Moreover, the risk appetite is embedded in business pro-
cesses and communicated across the organisation in order to 
meet Nordea’s objectives of maintaining a sound risk culture. 
This includes but is not limited to ensuring a strong link 
between the assessed risk appetite and the business plans 
and budgets, the capital and liquidity position, the systemic 
risk profile, the recoverability and resolvability assessments 
as well as the incentive structures and remuneration 
framework.
Disclosure requirements of the CRR – Capital 
and Risk Management Report 2019
Additional information on risk and capital management is 
presented in the Capital and Risk Management Report 2019, 
in accordance with the Capital Requirements Regulation 
(CRR), which is based on the Basel III framework issued by 
the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. The report is 
available at www.nordea.com.
Credit Risk management
Credits granted within the Group shall conform to the com-
mon principles established for the Group. Nordea strives to 
have a well-diversified credit portfolio that is adapted to the 
structure of its home markets and economies.
The key principles for managing Nordea’s risk exposures are:
•	 the three Lines of Defence (LoD), as further described in 
the Policy for Internal Control in the Nordea Group;
•	 independency, i.e. the risk control function should be inde-
pendent of the business it controls; and
•	 risk-based approach, i.e. the risk control functions should 
be aligned to the nature, size and complexity of Nordea’s 
business, ensuring that efforts undertaken are proportional 
to the risks in question.
Group Credit Management in 1st LoD is responsible for the 
credit process framework and operational credit risk guide-
lines and SOPs. Group Credit Risk Control in 2nd LoD is 
responsible for the credit risk framework, consisting of poli-
cies and instructions for the Group. Group Credit Risk Control 
is also responsible for controlling and monitoring the quality 
of the credit portfolio and the credit process.
The basis of credit risk management in Nordea is limits to 
customers and customer groups that are aggregated and 
assigned to units responsible for their continuous monitoring 
and development. An additional dimension of concentration 
risk limits, based on industries, segments, products or geogra-
phies, shall likewise be aggregated, assigned to units respon-
sible for their monitoring and development and serve as caps 
on those limits. Each division/unit is primarily responsible for 
managing the credit risks in its operations within the appli-
cable framework and limits, including identification, control 
and reporting.
Within the powers to act granted by the Board of Directors, 
Internal credit risk limits are approved by credit decision mak-
ing authorities on different levels in the organisation consti-
tuting the maximum risk appetite on the customer in ques-
tion. Individual credit decisions within the approved internal 
credit risk limit are taken within the customer responsible unit 
(CRU). The risk categorisation together with the exposure of 
the customer decides at what level the credit decision will be 
made. Responsibility for a credit risk lies with the customer 
responsible unit. Customers are risk-categorized by a rating 
or score in accordance with Nordea’s rating and scoring 
guidelines. The rating and scoring of customers aim to predict 
their probability of default and consequently rank them 
according to their respective default risk. Rating and scoring 
are used as integrated parts of the credit risk management 
and decision-making process. Representatives from 1st LoD 
credit organization approve the rating independently.
Credit risk definition and identification 
Credit risk is defined as the potential for loss due to failure of 
a borrower(s) to meet its obligations to clear a debt in accor-
dance with agreed terms and conditions. The potential for 
loss is lowered by credit risk mitigation techniques. Credit risk 
stems mainly from various forms of lending, but also from 
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Credit Committee Structure 
Board of Directors / Board Risk Committee
Chief Executive Officer Credit Committee / Executive Credit Committee
Business Banking Group Credit Committee 
*Large Corporates & Institutions Credit Committee 
Personal Banking and Private Banking Country Credit Committees 
Local Credit Committees Business Banking
Private Banking 
Global Credit 
Committee
 Banks & 
Countries  
CC
*Large 
­Corporates & 
Institutions 
Local CC
Personal Banking 
Nordic Credit 
Committee
Shipping 
Offshore and 
Oil Services 
CC
Business Banking 
Country Credit 
Committees
LBO Credit Committee
REMI Credit Committee
Financial  
Inst. Group  
CC
Russia  
CC
Russia  
Local  
CC
Four-eyes principle
Personal Powers to Act
There is currently an additional Baltic Desk Credit Committee on level 4. This committee handles carve out cases from the merger to Luminor.  
This committee will continue to exist as long as there are remaining customers to handle, or until other decision is taken.
*Reflects organisational name change as of 1 January 2020.

--- Page 383 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
98
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
issued guarantees and documentary credits and includes 
counterparty credit risk, transfer risk and settlement risk. 
Nordea’s loan portfolio is furthermore broken down by seg-
ment, industry and geography. Industry credit policies are 
established for those industries that have a significant weight 
in the portfolio and are either highly cyclical or volatile or 
require special industry competencies.
Credit decisions are reached after a credit risk assessment, 
based on principles that are defined consistently across the 
Group. These principles emphasize the need to adjust the 
depth and scope of the assessment according to the risk. The 
same credit risk assessments are used as input for determining 
the internal ratings. Credit decisions in Nordea reflect Nordea’s 
view of both the customer relationship and credit risk.
All credit assessments in Nordea shall adequately reflect a 
consideration of relevant environmental, social and govern-
mental risks and conform to the Nordea Sustainability Policy. 
The total credit risk assessment shall be a combined risk con-
clusion on the obligor’s repayment capacity and the Group’s 
recovery position. The risk conclusion must be sufficiently for-
ward-looking as compared to the risk profile of the customer 
and maturity of the transaction.
In addition to credit risk assessment in conjunction with 
new or changed exposure towards a customer, an annual or 
continuous credit review process is in place. The review pro-
cess is an important part of the continuous credit analysis 
process.
If credit weakness is identified in relation to a customer 
exposure, the customer is categorized as “High Risk” and 
receives special attention in terms of more frequent reviews. 
In addition to continuous monitoring, an action plan is estab-
lished outlining how to minimise the potential credit loss. If 
necessary, a work-out team is set up to support the customer 
responsible unit.
Credit risk mitigation
Credit risk mitigation is an inherent part of the credit decision 
process. In every credit decision and review, the valuation of 
collaterals is considered as well as the adequacy of covenants 
and other risk mitigations. Pledge of collateral is a fundamen-
tal credit risk mitigation technique in the bank and collaterals 
are always sought, when reasonable and possible, to mini-
mize the potential for credit losses. In every credit decision 
and review, the value of collaterals must be considered.
In corporate exposures, the main collateral types are real 
estate, floating charges and leasing objects. Collateral cover-
age should generally be higher for exposures of financially 
weaker customers than for those who are financially strong. 
Independent from the strength of collateral position, the 
repayment capacity is the starting point in credit assessment 
and assigning credit limits. Regarding large exposures, syndi-
cation of loans is the primary tool for managing concentration 
risk, while credit risk mitigation using credit default swaps is 
applied to a limited extent. Covenants in credit agreements 
are an important complement to both secured and unsecured 
exposures. Most exposures of substantial size and complexity 
include appropriate covenants. Financial covenants are 
designed to react to early warning signs and are carefully 
monitored.
The collateral value shall always be based on the market 
value. The market value is defined as the estimated amount 
for which the asset or liability would exchange on the date of 
valuation between a willing buyer and a willing seller in an 
arm’s length transaction, after proper marketing and where 
the parties had each acted knowledgeably, prudently and 
without compulsion. From this market value, a haircut is 
applied. The haircut is defined as a percentage by which the 
asset’s market value is reduced ensuring a margin against 
loss. The margin reflects the adjustments needed to assess 
the cash proceeds when the collateral is liquidated in a forced 
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Maximum exposure to credit risk
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
EURm
Note
Amortised cost and 
Fair value through 
other comprehensive 
income
Financial assets at 
fair value through 
profit or loss 
Amortised cost and 
Fair value through 
other comprehensive 
income
Financial assets at 
fair value through 
profit or loss 
Loans to central banks and credit institutions
G14
11,627
6,110
15,287
3,689
Loans to the public
G14
247,395
77,514
236,497
73,833
Interest-bearing securities
G15, G16
33,269
38,813
36,951
46,841
Derivatives
G19
–
39,111
–
37,025
Off balance sheet items
G38, G39
91,776
200
89,495
175
Total
384,067
161,748
378,230
161,563
Allowances for credit risk
EURm
Note
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Loans to central banks and credit 
institutions
G14
14
15
Loans to the public
G14
2,169
2,025
Interest-bearing securities measured  
at fair value through other compre­
hensive income or amortised cost
G15
1
2
Off balance sheet items
G33
144
121
Total
2,328
2,163

--- Page 384 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
99
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
sale situation. A maximum collateral ratio is set for each col-
lateral type.
The same principles of calculation must be used for all 
exposures. For High Risk customers, the foreclosure value 
may differ from the maximum collateral values and should be 
based on a realistic assessment for the particular asset at that 
time. Risk transfer to other creditworthy parties, through 
guarantees and insurance, shall be based on legally enforce-
able documentation.
Collateral distribution 
Distribution of collateral has remained stable between 2019 
and 2018, with the majority of the collateral stemming from 
residential and commercial real estate. The shares of financial 
collateral, receivables, and other physical collaterals have 
slightly decreased during 2019, while the share of commercial 
real estate has increased by 2% in 2019.
Collateral distribution
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Financial Collateral
0.8%
1.1%
Receivables
0.7%
0.9%
Residential Real Estate
73.2%
72.9%
Commercial Real Estate
18.7%
18.3%
Other Physical Collateral
6.6%
6.8%
Total
100.0%
100.0%
Assets taken over for protection of claims
The table below presents assets taken over distributed by 
asset type. Lands and buildings make up 87% of the total 
assets taken over end of December 2019. During 2019 the 
Assets have been brought down by 57%. The level of assets 
taken over is at a low level and has been so for several years.
Assets taken over for protection of claims1
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Current assets, carrying amount:
Land and buildings
8
19
Shares and other participations
0
0
Other assets
1
2
Total
9
21
1)	 In accordance with Nordea’s policy for taking over assets for protection of claims, 
which is in compliance with the local Banking Business Acts, wherever Nordea is 
located. Assets used as collateral for the loan are generally taken over when the cus-
tomer is not able to fulfil its obligations to Nordea. The assets taken over are at the 
latest disposed when full recovery is reached.	
	
Loan-to-value 
The loan-to-value (LTV) ratio is considered a useful measure 
to evaluate collateral's quality, i.e. the credit extended divided 
by the market value of the collateral pledged. In the table, 
IRB retail mortgage exposures are distributed by LTV buckets 
based on the LTV ratio. 
Loan-to-value
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Retail mortgage exposure
EURbn
%
EURbn
%
<50%
113.6
81
110.9
81
50–70%
20.3
14
19.6
14
70–80%
4.5
3
4.3
3
80–90%
1.2
1
1.2
1
>90%
0.9
1
0.6
1
Total
140.5
100
136.6
100
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Individual and collective assessment of impairment 
Requirements for impairment are set forth in IFRS 9, and are 
based on an expected loss model.
Impairment testing (individual and collective) applies to 
three forward looking and weighted scenarios. Assets tested 
for impairment are divided into three groups depending on 
the stage of credit deterioration. Stage 1 includes assets 
where there has been no significant increase in credit risk, 
stage 2 includes assets where there has been a significant 
increase in credit risk and stage 3 includes defaulted assets. 
All assets are assessed individually for staging. Significant 
assets in stage 3 are tested for impairment individually. Assets 
in stage 1, stage 2 and insignificant assets in stage 3 are test-
ed for impairment collectively. 
Throughout the process of identifying and mitigating credit 
impairment, Nordea continuously reviews the quality of credit 
exposures. Weak and credit impaired exposures are closely 
monitored and reviewed at least on a quarterly basis in terms 
of current performance, business outlook, future debt service 
capacity, and the possible need for provisions.
Nordea recognises only certain specific credit risk adjust-
ments (SCRAs). SCRAs comprise individually and collectively 
assessed provisions. SCRAs during the year are referred to as 
loan losses, while SCRAs in the balance sheet are referred to 
as allowances and provisions.
Individual provisioning 
A need for individual provisioning is recognised if, based on 
credit events and observable data, a negative impact is likely 
on the customer’s expected future cash flow to the extent 
that full repayment is unlikely (pledged collaterals taken into 
account).
Exposures with individually assigned provisions are credit 
impaired. The size of the provision is equal to the estimated 
loss, which is the difference between the book value of the 
outstanding exposure and the discounted value of the 
expected future cash flow, including the value of pledged 
collateral.
Default 
Customers with exposures that are past due more than 90 
days, being in bankruptcy or considered unlikely to pay are 
regarded as defaulted and can be either servicing debt or 
non-servicing.
If a customer recovers from being in default, the customer 
is seen as cured. Typically, this situation occurs if the customer 
succeeds in creating a balance in financials. In order to be 
cured, the recovery should include the customer’s total liabili-
ties, an established satisfactory repayment plan and an 
assessment that the recovery is underway.
Collective provisioning 
The collective model is executed quarterly and assessed for 
each legal unit/branch. One important driver for provisions is 
the trigger for the transferring of assets from stage 1 to stage 
2. For assets recognised from 1 January 2018, changes to the 
lifetime Probability of Default (PD) are used as the trigger. In 
addition, customers with forbearance measures and custom-
ers with payments more than thirty days past due are also 
transferred to stage 2. In stage 1, the provisions equal the 12 
months expected loss. In stages 2 and 3, the provisions equal 
the lifetime expected loss. The output is complemented with 
an expert-based analysis process to ensure adequate provi-
sioning. Defaulted customers without individual provisions 
have collective provisions.

--- Page 385 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
100
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Forbearance 
Forbearance is eased terms or restructuring due to the bor-
rower experiencing or about to experience financial difficul-
ties. The intention with granting forbearance for a limited 
time period is to ensure full repayment of the outstanding 
debt. Examples of eased terms are changes in amortisation 
profile, repayment schedule, customer margin as well as ease 
of financial covenants. Forbearance is undertaken on a selec-
tive and individual basis, approved according to Powers to 
Act and followed by impairment testing. Forborne exposures 
can be performing or non-performing. Individual loan loss 
provisions are recognised if necessary. 
Forbearance
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Forborne loans
2,992
3,561
- of which defaulted
1,984
2,267
Allowances for individually assessed impaired 
and forborne loans
679
714
- of which defaulted
664
693
Key ratios
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Forbearance ratio1
0.9%
1.1%
Forbearance coverage ratio2
23%
20%
- of which defaulted
33%
31%
1)  Forborne loans/Loans before allowances. 
2)  Individual allowances/Forborne loans.
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Sensitivities
2019
2018
EURm
Recognised 
provisions
Provisions if one 
notch downgrade
Recognised 
provisions
Provisions if one 
notch downgrade
Personal Banking
412
566
339
472
Business Banking
1,038
1,184
998
1,145
Large Corporates & Institutions
868
945
752
838
Other
10
20
74
84
Group
2,328
2,715
2,163
2,539
Sensitivities
One important factor in estimating expected credit losses in 
accordance with IFRS 9 is to assess what constitutes a signifi-
cant increase in credit risk. To understand the sensitivities to 
these triggers, Nordea has calculated model-based provisions 
under two different scenarios: 
Scenario 1
Scenario 2
Retail portfolios
Relative threshold
50%
150%
Absolute 12-month threshold
35 bp
55 bp
Absolute lifetime threshold
250 bp
350 bp
Notching1
1 less
1 more
Non-Retail portfolios 
Relative threshold
100%
200%
Absolute 12-month threshold
15 bp
25 bp
Absolute lifetime threshold
350 bp
450 bp
Notching1
1 less
1 more
1)  For exposures with initial recognition before the transition to IFRS 9 (1 Jan 2018), 
stage classification is decided based on changes in rating grades. The trigger in sce-
nario 1 is set at one notch less than in the model actually used and in scenario 2 the 
trigger is set at one notch more than in the model used.
The provisions would have increased by EUR 38m in scenario 
1 and decreased by EUR 44m in scenario 2. For more informa-
tion on the rating scale and average PDs, see table “Rating/
scoring information on loans measured at amortised cost” 
below.
The provisions are sensitive to rating migration even if trig-
gers are not reached. The table below shows the impact on 
provisions from a one notch downgrade on all exposures in 
the bank. It includes both the impact of the higher risk for all 
exposures as well as the impact of transferring exposures 
from stage 1 to stage 2 that reach the trigger. It also includes 
the impact from the exposures with one rating grade above 
default becoming default, which is estimated at EUR 141m 
(EUR 120m). This figure is based on calculations with the sta-
tistical model rather than individual estimates that would be 
the case in reality for material defaulted loans.

--- Page 386 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
101
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Forward looking information
Forward looking information is used both for assessing sig-
nificant increase in credit risk and in the calculation of expect-
ed credit losses. Nordea estimates three macro-economic sce-
narios, a baseline together with an upside and a downside 
scenario.
The baseline macroeconomic and financial scenario is pro-
vided by Nordea Advisory & Analytics based on an Oxford 
Economics model. The macro economic forecast is a combi-
nation of modelling and expert judgement, subject to thor-
ough checks and quality control processes. The model has 
been built to give a good description of the historic relation-
ships between economic variables and to capture the key 
linkages between those variables. The forecast period in the 
model is ten years and for periods beyond, a long-term aver-
age is used.
The definition of the upside and downside scenarios are 
based on Oxford Economics’ quarterly Global Risk Survey. In 
this survey respondents report what they see as the top 
upside and downside global economic risks over the next two 
years. Based on these answers Oxford Economics create a 
number of global economic scenarios, each simulating a 
potential materialisation of one of these top risk factors. 
Oxford Economics also assign a probability to each scenario, 
based on the Global Risk Survey. Nordea use these scenarios 
and probabilities from Oxford Economics when defining the 
upside and downside scenarios. For 2019, the following 
weights have been applied: base 60%, adverse 20% and 
favourable 20%. The model results are assessed and, if need-
ed, adjusted by Nordea’s country responsible macro and 
financial analysts, using judgement based on previous similar 
episodes to ensure consistency across countries and asset 
prices. Adjustments are for instance needed when certain 
industries are impacted, or when sanctions are placed on 
individual countries, but changes have not yet been reflected 
in rating migrations.
Checks of the model results are performed by reviewing 
quantitative data before and after reactions. As part of the pro-
cess to ensure accurate and consistent data deliveries from 
Nordea’s economists, the data is also subject to a number of 
statistical tests.
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.

--- Page 387 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
102
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Scenarios and provisions
Denmark
2020
2021
2022
Un-weighted 
ECL, EURm
Probability 
weight
Model based 
provisions, 
EURm
Adjustment 
model based 
provisions, 
EURm
Individual 
provisions, 
EURm 
Total 
provisions, 
EURm
Favourable 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
2.1
2.1
2.1
237
20%
Unemployment, % 
3.5
3.2
3.0
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.7
1.5
1.8
Change in house 
prices, %
2.3
3.8
3.4
Base scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.4
1.7
2.0
239
60%
240
123
454
817
Unemployment, % 
3.8
3.8
3.7
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.4
1.6
1.9
Change in house 
prices, %
2.0
2.6
3.0
Adverse 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
0.9
0.9
1.4
245
20%
Unemployment, % 
3.9
4.1
4.3
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.1
1.3
1.4
Change in house 
prices, %
1.8
2.1
1.8
Finland
Favourable 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.5
1.7
1.3
182
20%
Unemployment, % 
6.4
6.3
6.4
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.9
1.2
1.0
Change in house 
prices, %
1.1
1.3
1.5
Base scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.1
1.1
0.9
185
60%
185
26
262
473
Unemployment, % 
6.6
6.7
6.8
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.4
1.0
1.0
Change in house 
prices, %
0.9
1.1
1.1
Adverse 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
0.8
0.5
0.4
187
20%
Unemployment, % 
6.6
6.7
7.0
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.1
0.9
1.1
Change in house 
prices, %
1.0
0.8
0.3

--- Page 388 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
103
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Norway
2020
2021
2022
Un-weighted 
ECL, EURm
Probability 
weight
Model 
based 
provisions, 
EURm
Adjustment 
model 
based 
provisions, 
EURm
Individual 
provisions, 
EURm 
Total 
provisions, 
EURm
Favourable 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
2.2
2.3
2.0
94
20%
Unemployment, % 
3.3
3.0
2.7
Change in household 
consumption, %
2.6
1.8
1.8
Change in house 
prices, %
3.6
4.3
4.0
Base scenario
GDP growth, % 
2.0
1.8
1.7
97
60%
98
86
322
506
Unemployment, % 
3.4
3.4
3.3
Change in household 
consumption, %
2.3
2.0
1.8
Change in house 
prices, %
3.5
3.8
3.8
Adverse 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.3
1.0
1.3
104
20%
Unemployment, % 
3.7
4.1
4.7
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.5
1.6
2.0
Change in house 
prices, %
2.3
0.0
1.7
Sweden
Favourable 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.7
2.7
2.6
96
20%
Unemployment, % 
6.7
6.3
5.7
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.8
2.6
2.1
Change in house 
prices, %
1.1
2.6
3.3
Base scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.4
1.9
2.3
97
60%
97
12
171
280
Unemployment, % 
6.9
6.7
6.3
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.4
2.0
2.2
Change in house 
prices, %
1.1
2.4
2.9
Adverse 
scenario
GDP growth, % 
1.1
1.3
1.7
98
20%
Unemployment, % 
6.9
7.0
7.1
Change in household 
consumption, %
1.0
1.6
2.9
Change in house 
prices, %
1.0
1.8
2.9
Non-Nordic
15
2
235
252
Total
635
249
1,444
2,328
Scenarios and provisions, cont.

--- Page 389 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
104
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Loans measured at amortised cost and fair value to the public1
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Denmark
Finland
Norway
Sweden
Russia
Outside 
Nordic
Total 
Of which 
lending at 
fair value
Financial institutions
2,992
2,055
1,996
7,731
14
644
15,428
2,418
Crops etc
3,410
171
21
90
0
7
3,698
2,738
Animal husbandry
2,358
111
9
79
0
0
2,558
1,916
Fishing and aquaculture
41
8
1,220
1
0
0
1,271
10
Paper, forest and mining
279
867
147
824
16
69
2,202
199
Oil, gas and offshore
451
74
848
246
0
320
1,940
1
Consumer staples (food and health care)
1,714
741
521
662
0
84
3,723
650
Media, leisure and telecom
1,235
893
550
1,387
2
0
4,068
961
Consumer durables
203
309
95
731
0
159
1,497
68
Retail trade
929
971
490
1,066
0
18
3,473
557
Land transportation and IT
883
1,308
681
929
19
100
3,920
417
Materials
266
459
236
680
231
5
1,877
58
Capital goods
617
1,583
151
648
128
135
3,262
89
Commercial & prof. services
3,462
1,137
3,184
3,342
0
274
11,400
1,236
Construction
1,312
1,173
3,051
976
0
60
6,572
851
Wholesale trade
1,753
1,130
474
1,533
7
52
4,950
225
Maritime (shipping)
396
246
4,864
106
0
2,113
7,726
121
Utilities and public services
1,224
1,868
1,036
3,560
84
56
7,829
3,054
Real estate commercial properties
6,893
4,211
7,524
7,018
3
707
26,356
5,815
Real estate residential properties
3,634
3,862
1,529
8,491
0
0
17,517
2,554
Other industries
1,165
0
100
94
0
0
1,358
1,051
Total Corporate
35,219
23,179
28,728
40,194
501
4,804
132,625
24,986
Housing loans
33,395
29,939
33,499
44,956
0
0
141,789
33,395
Collateralised lending
7,838
5,385
2,582
2,419
0
0
18,225
244
Non-Collateralised lending
1,087
3,168
578
2,317
0
0
7,151
0
Household
42,321
38,492
36,659
49,692
0
0
167,164
33,639
Public sector
1,131
1,331
28
1,572
0
0
4,062
0
Reversed repurchase agreements
0
18,889
0
0
0
0
18,889
18,889
Lending to the public by country
78,671
81,891
65,415
91,458
501
4,804
322,740
77,514
Excl. reversed repurchase agreements
78,671
63,002
65,415
91,458
501
4,804
303,851
58,625
1)  Based on domicile of Nordea company granting the loans.

--- Page 390 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
105
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Loans measured at amortised cost and fair value to the public1
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Denmark
Finland
Norway
Sweden
Russia
Outside 
Nordic
Total 
Of which 
lending at 
fair value
Financial institutions
2,982
1,903
1,682
7,570
0
134
14,271
3,147
Crops etc
3,666
153
17
76
0
8
3,920
2,902
Animal husbandry
2,706
109
11
79
0
3
2,908
2,094
Fishing and aquaculture
32
8
1,130
7
0
0
1,176
9
Paper, forest and mining
297
961
175
930
36
85
2,484
227
Oil, gas and offshore
583
82
486
437
7
359
1,953
203
Consumer staples (food and health care)
1,310
723
465
673
1
62
3,234
655
Media, leisure and telecom
1,200
908
508
1,130
2
1
3,748
990
Consumer durables
205
353
79
671
4
162
1,473
77
Retail trade
1,092
988
394
955
0
35
3,465
587
Land transportation and IT
900
1,161
654
961
9
115
3,800
427
Materials
253
576
254
749
393
8
2,232
57
Capital goods
542
1,137
91
757
183
73
2,783
87
Commercial & prof. services
3,550
1,245
2,264
2,925
1
278
10,263
1,241
Construction
1,278
1,035
2,418
996
0
74
5,801
817
Wholesale trade
2,169
1,094
543
1,826
10
35
5,676
223
Maritime (shipping)
298
328
4,895
132
0
2,583
8,236
85
Utilities and public services
3,466
2,155
913
2,752
213
144
9,643
3,632
Real estate commercial properties
6,480
4,247
7,260
6,886
18
852
25,743
5,424
Real estate residential properties
3,371
3,716
1,810
8,524
0
0
17,420
2,367
Other industries
160
0
327
0
0
0
488
488
Total Corporate
36,539
22,880
26,377
39,036
876
5,009
130,717
25,738
Housing loans
31,354
29,268
27,894
43,581
0
130
132,227
31,354
Collateralised lending
8,012
5,356
1,685
2,294
0
55
17,402
30
Non-Collateralised lending
1,147
3,218
117
2,919
0
0
7,400
0
Household
40,512
37,841
29,697
48,794
0
185
157,029
31,384
Public sector
1,514
843
44
1,447
0
0
3,848
0
Reverse repurchase agreements
0
16,711
0
0
0
0
16,711
16,711
Lending to the public by country
78,566
78,274
56,117
89,277
876
5,194
308,304
73,833
Excl. reverse repurchase agreements
78,566
61,564
56,117
89,277
876
5,194
291,594
57,122
 1)  Based on domicile of Nordea company granting the loans.
Loans to the public measured at amortised cost, geographical breakdown1
Gross
Allowances
EURm, 31 Dec 2019
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Net
Denmark
22,243
1,427
804
51
175
488
23,759
Finland
56,852
4,710
1,309
20
66
344
62,441
Norway
57,530
2,769
1,142
36
45
527
60,834
Sweden
79,460
1,426
429
16
35
187
81,077
Russia
1,005
1
44
1
0
40
1,009
US
1,835
14
4
2
1
0
1,850
Other
13,190
323
878
25
20
91
14,256
Total
232,115
10,670
4,610
150
342
1,677
245,226
1)  Based on domicile of the customers.

--- Page 391 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
106
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Loans to the public measured at amortised cost, broken down by sector and industry
Gross
Allowances
EURm, 31 Dec 2019
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Net
Financial institutions
12,668
302
127
13,097
9
20
58
87
13,010
Crops etc
862
85
54
1,001
2
10
30
41
960
Animal husbandry
499
69
193
760
2
10
108
119
642
Fishing and aquaculture
1,201
24
37
1,263
0
1
0
1
1,261
Paper, forest and mining
1,875
107
44
2,027
1
3
20
23
2,003
Oil, gas and offshore
1,474
17
747
2,238
1
0
298
299
1,939
Consumer staples  
(food and health care)
2,916
144
33
3,094
2
5
13
20
3,073
Media, leisure and telecom
2,925
170
54
3,149
2
6
33
42
3,107
Consumer durables
1,276
135
47
1,458
1
6
22
29
1,429
Retail trade
2,677
221
88
2,985
4
17
49
69
2,917
Land transportation and IT
3,167
303
74
3,544
2
9
29
40
3,504
Materials
1,704
78
117
1,899
4
5
71
80
1,819
Capital goods
2,896
251
110
3,256
1
9
73
84
3,173
Commercial & prof. services
9,646
355
273
10,274
8
15
86
109
10,164
Construction
5,294
399
119
5,812
5
12
74
91
5,721
Wholesale trade
4,261
429
94
4,784
4
20
36
59
4,725
Maritime (shipping)
7,000
175
706
7,881
24
22
230
276
7,605
Utilities and public services
4,701
60
34
4,795
2
1
16
19
4,775
REMI
34,457
932
224
35,614
15
14
81
110
35,504
Other
291
23
7
322
7
7
0
14
308
Total Corporate
101,789
4,280
3,183
109,251
95
191
1,327
1,612
107,639
Housing loans
103,768
4,047
630
108,446
10
13
29
52
108,393
Collateralised lending
16,569
1,221
444
18,233
26
48
186
260
17,973
Non-Collateralised lending
5,952
1,095
354
7,401
19
89
134
242
7,159
Household
126,289
6,363
1,427
134,079
55
149
350
554
133,525
Public sector
4,038
27
0
4,065
0
2
0
2
4,062
Lending to the public  
by country
232,115
10,670
4,610
247,395
150
342
1,677
2,169
245,226
Excl. reverse repurchase 
agreements
232,115
10,670
4,610
247,395
150
342
1,677
2,169
245,226
Loans to the public measured at amortised cost, geographical breakdown1
Gross
Allowances
EURm, 31 Dec 2018
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Net
Denmark
23,454
1,622
1,171
33
116
641
25,457
Finland
54,318
5,810
1,258
25
95
338
60,928
Norway
48,184
3,481
911
18
24
263
52,271
Sweden
76,274
2,141
247
12
18
60
78,572
Russia
1,356
38
56
18
0
39
1,394
US
1,547
84
6
1
1
0
1,634
Other
12,093
1,513
931
33
34
255
14,215
Total
217,225
14,690
4,581
141
289
1,596
234,471
1)  Based on domicile of the customer.

--- Page 392 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
107
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Loans to the public measured at amortised cost, broken down by sector and industry
Gross
Allowances
EURm, 31 Dec 2018
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Net
Financial institutions
10,402
464
285
11,151
19
9
0
27
11,124
Crops etc
878
94
93
1,065
1
6
40
48
1,018
Animal husbandry
580
133
248
962
1
7
139
147
814
Fishing and aquaculture
1,142
23
3
1,168
0
0
0
0
1,167
Paper, forest and mining
2,115
150
49
2,314
8
4
45
57
2,269
Oil, gas and offshore
1,296
73
555
1,924
8
1
165
174
1,757
Consumer staples  
(food and health care)
2,407
147
57
2,612
1
4
28
33
2,578
Media, leisure and telecom
2,611
140
41
2,792
2
5
26
33
2,761
Consumer durables
1,288
94
37
1,419
1
3
19
22
1,398
Retail trade
2,503
333
142
2,978
3
13
84
100
2,881
Land transportation and IT
2,921
419
70
3,410
6
8
23
37
3,371
Materials
1,789
376
60
2,225
5
19
25
49
2,170
Capital goods
2,377
280
123
2,780
1
4
79
84
2,691
Commercial & prof. services
8,344
461
307
9,112
6
12
71
90
9,021
Construction
4,416
525
128
5,069
3
11
72
86
4,983
Wholesale trade
4,984
386
168
5,538
3
9
74
86
5,448
Maritime (shipping)
6,654
1,008
677
8,338
16
18
154
188
8,150
Utilities and public services
5,808
192
18
6,018
6
2
0
8
6,006
REMI
34,238
1,014
234
35,487
11
10
94
115
35,372
Other
0
148
67
215
3
6
206
216
0
Total Corporate
97,004
6,254
3,298
106,696
103
151
1,344
1,598
104,978
Housing loans
94,787
5,540
649
100,976
10
43
50
103
100,873
Collateralised lending
15,812
1,375
375
17,562
16
38
136
190
17,372
Non-Collateralised lending
6,079
1,196
258
7,533
11
56
65
133
7,400
Household
116,678
8,110
1,282
126,071
37
137
252
425
125,645
Public sector
3,729
119
0
3,849
0
1
0
1
3,848
Lending to the public  
by country
217,411
14,484
4,581
236,615
141
289
1,596
2,025
234,471
Excl. reverse repurchase 
agreements
217,411
14,484
4,581
236,615
141
289
1,596
2,025
234,471

--- Page 393 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
108
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Impaired loans (Stage 3) by country and industry
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Denmark
Finland
Norway
Sweden
Russia
Outside 
Nordic
Total 
 amortised 
cost loans
Defaulted 
fair value 
loans
Financial institutions
92
16
5
14
0
0
127
9
Crops etc
52
2
0
0
0
0
54
79
Animal husbandry
178
13
1
1
0
0
193
214
Fishing and aquaculture
0
0
37
0
0
0
37
0
Paper, forest and mining
17
21
6
0
0
0
44
6
Oil, gas and offshore
0
0
307
79
0
360
747
0
Consumer staples (food and health care)
4
20
5
4
0
0
33
2
Media, leisure and telecom
4
35
3
11
0
0
54
0
Consumer durables
37
6
0
4
0
0
47
0
Retail trade
38
25
6
19
0
0
88
6
Land transportation and IT
8
25
33
4
0
3
74
1
Materials
2
67
6
42
0
0
117
6
Capital goods
20
74
1
15
0
0
110
2
Commercial & prof. services
29
23
62
79
0
80
273
2
Construction
21
66
23
10
0
0
119
3
Wholesale trade
44
28
18
5
0
0
94
1
Maritime (shipping)
49
6
406
0
0
245
706
0
Utilities and public services
1
2
28
2
0
0
34
0
REMI
60
103
58
2
0
0
224
86
Other industries
3
0
4
0
0
0
7
0
Total Corporate
662
532
1,010
291
0
688
3,183
418
Housing loans
0
440
134
56
0
0
630
304
Collateralised lending
188
182
67
7
0
0
444
0
Non-Collateralised lending
49
178
71
56
0
0
354
0
Household
237
799
272
119
0
0
1,427
304
Public sector
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
Reverse repurchase agreements
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
Lending to the public  
by country
899
1,331
1,282
410
0
688
4,610
722
Excl. reverse repurchase agreements
899
1,331
1,282
410
0
688
4,610
722

--- Page 394 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
109
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Impaired loans (Stage 3) by country and industry
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Denmark
Finland
Norway
Sweden
Russia
Outside 
Nordic
Total 
 amortised 
cost loans
Defaulted 
fair value 
loans
Financial institutions
195
8
64
19
0
0
285
0
Crops etc
91
1
0
0
0
0
93
75
Animal husbandry
241
6
1
0
0
0
248
54
Fishing and aquaculture
0
0
2
0
0
0
3
0
Paper, forest and mining
21
25
2
1
0
0
49
5
Oil, gas and offshore
0
0
183
0
0
372
555
167
Consumer staples (food and health care)
6
46
2
4
0
0
57
17
Media, leisure and telecom
7
22
5
7
0
0
41
25
Consumer durables
23
10
0
3
0
0
37
2
Retail trade
93
24
8
17
0
0
142
15
Land transportation and IT
12
25
31
2
0
0
70
11
Materials
3
45
5
0
4
2
60
2
Capital goods
16
95
1
9
2
0
123
3
Commercial & prof. services
88
24
58
55
0
82
307
32
Construction
39
50
28
11
0
0
128
21
Wholesale trade
72
31
14
50
0
1
168
6
Maritime (shipping)
51
7
348
1
0
270
677
2
Utilities and public services
7
3
4
2
2
0
18
6
REMI
82
84
66
2
0
0
234
200
Other industries
2
0
0
0
0
0
2
0
Total Corporate
1,048
508
822
184
9
728
3,298
645
Housing loans
0
438
127
53
0
32
649
330
Collateralised lending
148
178
32
4
0
12
375
0
Non-Collateralised lending
34
162
8
54
0
0
258
0
Household
182
778
167
111
0
44
1,282
330
Public sector
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
Reverse repurchase agreements
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
Lending to the public  
by country
1,230
1,286
989
295
9
771
4,581
975
Excl. reverse repurchase agreements
1,230
1,286
989
295
9
771
4,581
975

--- Page 395 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
110
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Loans measured at amortised cost
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Net loan 
losses1
Loan 
loss 
ratio, 
bps
Impaired 
loans 
Stage 3
Impairment 
ratio bps
Allowances 
total1
Provision-
ing ratio,%
Allowances 
Stage 31
Allowances 
Stage 1 
and 21
Loans 
measured 
at amor-
tised cost
Financial institutions
27
21
127
97
104
83
81
24
13,010
Crops etc
16
171
54
550
30
56
23
7
960
Animal husbandry
23
359
193
2,454
144
75
126
18
642
Fishing and aquaculture
0
1
37
295
1
4
0
1
1,261
Paper, forest and mining
–3
–15
44
219
26
59
21
5
2,003
Oil, gas and offshore
129
664
747
3,335
301
40
300
2
1,939
Consumer staples (food and health care)
–3
–10
33
107
23
70
14
9
3,073
Media, leisure and telecom
18
57
54
171
45
83
34
11
3,107
Consumer durables
13
92
47
320
31
67
23
9
1,429
Retail trade
6
21
88
294
78
88
53
25
2,917
Land transportation and IT
16
46
74
208
43
58
29
14
3,504
Materials
–7
–38
117
615
81
70
72
9
1,819
Capital goods
6
18
110
337
86
78
72
14
3,173
Commercial & prof. services
35
34
273
266
119
44
90
29
10,164
Construction
13
23
119
205
97
81
75
21
5,721
Wholesale trade
4
9
94
197
66
70
38
28
4,725
Maritime (shipping)
62
81
706
895
284
40
233
50
7,605
Utilities and public services
7
14
34
72
1
4
1
0
4,775
REMI
7
2
224
63
117
52
82
34
35,504
Other
8
269
7
216
35
477
0
35
308
Total Corporate
377
35
3,183
291
1,713
54
1,368
346
107,639
Housing loans
–29
–3
630
58
36
6
9
26
108,393
Collateralised lending
48
27
444
243
294
66
216
78
17,973
Non-Collateralised lending
138
192
354
475
281
80
134
147
7,159
Household
157
12
1,427
106
612
43
360
252
133,525
Public sector
1
3
0
0
3
–
0
3
4,062
Reverse repurchase agreements
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
Lending to the public  
by country
536
22
4,610
186
2,328
50
1,728
600
245,226
Excl. reverse repurchase agreements
536
22
4,610
186
2,328
50
1,728
600
245,226
1)  Including provisions for off-balance sheet exposures.

--- Page 396 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
111
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Loans measured at amortised cost 
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Net loan 
losses1
Loan 
loss 
ratio, 
bps
Impaired 
loans 
Stage 3
Impairment 
ratio bps
Allowances 
total1
Provision-
ing ratio, %
Allowances 
Stage 31
Allowances 
Stage 1 
and 21
Loans 
measured 
at amor-
tised cost
Financial institutions
43
39
285
252
172
60
139
32
11,124
Crops etc
15
147
93
885
34
37
33
1
1,018
Animal husbandry
30
369
248
2,544
162
65
153
9
814
Fishing and aquaculture
0
3
3
25
1
22
0
0
1,167
Paper, forest and mining
8
36
49
212
58
118
45
13
2,269
Oil, gas and offshore
37
209
555
2,872
176
32
167
9
1,757
Consumer staples (food and health care)
–15
–56
57
220
35
61
29
6
2,578
Media, leisure and telecom
1
2
41
147
34
83
26
8
2,761
Consumer durables
–14
–103
37
259
23
63
19
4
1,398
Retail trade
48
166
142
474
108
76
89
19
2,881
Land transportation and IT
0
–1
70
206
37
52
20
16
3,371
Materials
9
42
60
271
51
86
28
24
2,170
Capital goods
–8
–31
123
443
84
68
78
6
2,691
Commercial & prof. services
37
42
307
336
124
40
101
23
9,021
Construction
–12
–23
128
252
102
80
85
17
4,983
Wholesale trade
2
3
168
304
96
57
76
20
5,448
Maritime (shipping)
–36
–45
677
809
218
32
172
46
8,150
Utilities and public services
–13
–22
18
30
3
15
0
3
6,006
REMI
–16
–4
234
66
123
52
100
23
35,372
Other
–42
2
296
62
40
22
0
Total Corporate
74
7
3,298
309
1,702
52
1,400
302
104,978
Housing loans
28
3
649
64
109
17
54
56
100,873
Collateralised lending
–3
–2
375
213
225
60
168
57
17,372
Non-Collateralised lending
77
104
258
342
125
49
40
86
7,400
Household
102
8
1,282
102
460
36
262
198
125,645
Public sector
–3
–7
0
0
1
0
0
1
3,848
Reverse repurchase agreements
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
Lending to the public  
by country
173
7
4,581
194
2,163
47
1,661
502
234,471
Excl. reverse repurchase agreements
173
7
4,581
194
2,163
47
1,661
502
234,471
 
1)  Including provisions for off-balance sheet exposures.

--- Page 397 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
112
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Credit portfolio  
Including on- and off-balance sheet exposures and 
exposures related to securities and Life insurance 
operations, the total credit risk exposure at year end was 
EUR 509bn (EUR 505bn last year). Total credit exposure 
according to the CRR definition was at year end after 
Credit Conversion Factor EUR 462bn (EUR 468bn). 
Credit risk is measured, monitored and segmented in dif-
ferent ways. On-balance lending consists of fair value lending 
and amortised cost lending and constitutes the major part of 
the credit portfolio. Amortised cost lending is the basis for 
impaired loans, allowances and loan losses. Credit risk in 
lending is measured and presented as the principal amount 
of on-balance sheet claims, i.e. loans to credit institutions and 
to the public, and off-balance sheet potential claims on cus-
tomers and counterparts, net after allowances. Credit risk 
exposure also includes the risk related to derivative contracts 
and securities financing.
Nordea’s loans to the public increased by 4.7% to EUR 
323bn during 2019 (EUR 308bn in 2018). The corporate port-
folio increased approximately 1.5%, the household portfolio 
increased by 7.8% mostly related to Norway, where the acqui-
sition of Gjensidige Bank had a significant impact. The overall 
credit quality is solid with strongly rated customers. Of the 
lending to the public portfolio, corporate customers account-
ed for 46.9% (47.8%), household customers for 51.8% (50.9%) 
and the public sector for 1.3% (1.3%). Loans to central banks 
and credit institutions, mainly in the form of inter-bank 
deposits, decreased to EUR 18bn at the end of 2019 (EUR 
19bn).
Impaired loans and ratios
2019
 2018
Gross impaired loans, Group, EURm
4,610
4,581
- of which servicing
2,311
2,097
- of which non-servicing
2,298
2,484
Impairment rate, (stage 3) gross, basis points
178
182
Impairment rate, (stage 3) net, basis points
113
118
Allowances in relation to loans, 
stage 1 and 2, basis points
20
18
Total allowance ratio (stage 1, 2 and 3),  
basis points
84
81
Allowances in relation to impaired loans  
(stage 3), %
37
35
Net loan losses and loan loss ratios
2019
 2018
Net loan losses, EURm 
536
173
Net loan loss ratio, amortised cost, Group, 
basis points
22
7
- of which Stage 3
18
9
- of which Stage 1 & 2
4
–1
Net loan loss ratio, including fair value 
mortgage loans, Group, basis points
18
7
Net loan loss ratio, including fair value 
mortgage loans, Personal Banking, basis 
points
8
5
Net loan loss ratio, including fair value 
mortgage loans, Business Banking, basis 
points
17
7
Net loan loss ratio, including fair value 
mortgage loans, Large Corporates & 
Institutions, basis points
51
19
Loans to corporate customers
Loans to corporate customers at the end of 2019 amounted to 
EUR 152bn (EUR 147bn). The sector that increased the most 
in 2019 was Commercial & Prof. Services while Utilities and 
Public Services decreased the most. The contribution of the 
three largest industries (Real Estate, Financial Institutions 
and Industrial Commercial & Prof. Services) is approximately 
47% of total corporate lending. Real Estate (commercial & 
residential) remains the largest industry in Nordea’s lending 
portfolio, at EUR 43.9bn (EUR 43.2bn). The Real Estate (com-
mercial & residential) portfolio predominantly consists of rela-
tively large and financially strong companies, with 92% (91%) 
of the lending in rating grades 4– and higher. Loans to Mari-
time decreased to EUR 7.7bn (EUR 8.2bn) during the year. The 
Russian lending portfolio continued to decrease significantly 
during 2019 and now amounts to 0.5bn (EUR 0.9bn). 
The distribution of loans to corporate customers by size of 
loans, seen in the table below, shows a high degree of diver-
sification where approximately 65% (68%) of the corporate 
volume represents loans up to EUR 50m per customer.
Loans to corporate customers, by size of loans
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Size in EURm
Loans 
EURbn
%
Loans 
EURbn
%
0–10
62.6
41
62.6
42
10–50
36.1
24
35.0
24
50–100
20.7
14
19.4
13
100–250
19.8
13
17.4
12
250–500
4.1
3
5.4
4
500–
8.2
5
7.6
5
Total
151.5
100
147.4
100
Loans to household customers 
In 2019 lending to household customers increased by 6.5% to 
EUR 167bn (EUR 157bn). The increase was primarily driven by 
the acquisition of Gjensidige Bank in Norway, which had 
lending to the public of EUR 5.2bn at the time of acquisition. 
Mortgage lending increased to EUR 142bn (EUR 132bn) and 
consumer lending remained at EUR 25bn (EUR 25bn). The 
proportion of mortgage lending of total household lending 
increased to 85% (84%).
Geographical distribution 
Lending to the public distributed by borrower domicile shows 
that the customers residing in the Nordic countries account 
for 98% (98%). The portfolio is geographically well diversified 
with no market accounting for more than 30% of total lend-
ing. Other EU countries represent the largest part of lending 
outside the Nordic countries. At the end of 2019, lending in 
Russia was EUR 0.5bn (EUR 0.9bn).
Rating and scoring distribution 
One way of assessing credit quality is through analysis of the 
distribution across rating grades, for rated corporate custom-
ers and institutions, as well as risk grades for scored house-
hold and small business customers, i.e. retail exposures. The 
average credit quality was roughly unchanged in the corpo-
rate portfolio, while it improved slightly in the scoring portfo-
lio in 2019. 19% of the number of corporate customers migrat-
ed upwards (21%) while 33% was down-rated (28%). Expo-
sure-wise, 16% (20%) of the corporate customer exposure 
migrated upwards while 20% (23%) was down-rated. 87% 
(85%) of the corporate exposure was rated 4– or higher, with 
an average rating for the portfolio of 4+.

--- Page 398 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
113
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Rating/scoring information for loans measured at amortised cost
EURm  
Rating/scoring grade
Average PD (%)
Gross carrying amount, 31 Dec 2019
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 31
Total
Allowances
7
0.00
8,922
23
–
8,945
2
6 / A
0.03
92,278
227
7
92,512
8
5 / B
0.13
56,651
883
46
57,580
29
4 / C
1.97
57,349
2,191
20
59,560
82
3 / D
18.42
13,593
3,198
58
16,849
124
2 / E
19.72
3,159
2,086
27
5,272
121
1 / F
22.89
1,152
1,439
73
2,664
97
Standardised / Unrated
2.06
9,333
1,484
184
11,001
51
0 (default)
100.00
278
167
4,195
4,640
1,669
Total
242,715
11,698
4,610
259,023
2,183
EURm  
Rating/scoring grade
Average PD (%)
Gross carrying amount, 31 Dec 2018
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 31
Total
Allowances
7
0.01
9,958
116
0
10,074
2
6 / A
0.05
86,849
659
5
87,513
9
5 / B
0.19
54,017
1,696
6
55,719
51
4 / C
0.80
55,279
2,789
15
58,083
69
3 / D
5.46
12,318
4,581
40
16,939
100
2 / E
14.64
2,968
2,640
90
5,698
108
1 / F
34.96
1,058
1,531
72
2,661
92
Standardised / Unrated
0.24
10,029
319
95
10,443
56
0 (default)
100.00
211
186
4,258
4,655
1,553
Total
232,687
14,517
4,581
251,785
2,040
1)  The stage classification and calculated provision for each exposure are based on the situation as per end of October 2019, while the exposure amount and rating grades are based 
on the situation as per end of December 2019. Some of the exposures in default according to the rating grade as per end of December were not in default as per end of October, 
and hence this is reflected in the stage classification.
Rating/scoring information for off balance sheet items
EURm  
Rating/scoring grade
Nominal amount 31 Dec 2019
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Provisions
7
4,542
–
–
4,542
2
6 / A
21,905
11
–
21,916
4
5 / B
28,970
23
1
28,994
10
4 / C
24,357
1,625
3
25,985
20
3 / D
4,479
1,723
6
6,208
33
2 / E
384
496
5
885
16
1 / F
45
250
2
297
10
Standardised / Unrated
2,001
464
4
2,469
5
0 (default)
–
–
679
679
44
Total
86,683
4,592
700
91,975
144
EURm  
Rating/scoring grade
Nominal amount 31 Dec 2018
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Provisions
7
4,503
–
–
4,503
0
6 / A
22,981
22
0
23,003
2
5 / B
29,365
160
0
29,525
14
4 / C
21,598
766
1
22,365
13
3 / D
3,481
1,861
7
5,349
19
2 / E
376
569
5
950
9
1 / F
72
234
2
308
7
Standardised / Unrated
2,343
452
3
2,798
2
0 (default)
–
0
694
694
55
Total
84,719
4,064
712
89,495
121

--- Page 399 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
114
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Institutions and Retail customers on the other hand show a 
distribution that is biased towards the higher rating grades. 
92% (92%) of the retail exposures is scored C– or higher, which 
indicates a probability of default of 1% or lower. Defaulted 
loans are not included in the rating/scoring distributions. The 
total effect on credit risk exposure amount (REA) from migra-
tion was an increase of approx. 0.47% during the full year 2019.
Loan classes 
The loan portfolio consists of two classes; loans measured at 
amortised cost of EUR 247bn and loans measured at fair 
value of EUR 78bn. Loans measured at amortised cost are the 
basis used for impaired loans, allowances and loan losses.
Impaired loans (Stage 3) 
Impaired loans gross in the Group increased slightly to EUR 
4,610m (EUR 4,581m), corresponding to 178 basis points of total 
loans. 50% of impaired loans gross are servicing and 50% are 
non-servicing. Impaired loans net, after allowances for Stage 3 
loans amount to EUR 2,924m, corresponding to 113 basis points 
of total loans. Allowances for Stage 3 loans amount to EUR 
1,686m. Allowances for Stages 1&2 loans amount to EUR 497m. 
The ratio of allowances in relation to impaired loans is 37% and 
the allowance ratio for loans in Stages 1&2 is 20 basis points. 
The increase in impaired loans was mainly related to the Oil, 
Gas and Offshore industry and the Household sector. The port-
folios with the largest impaired loan amounts were Household, 
Oil, Gas & Offshore and Commercial & Prof. Services. 
Past due loans 
Past due loans, 6 days or more, for corporate customers make 
up EUR 978m, and past due loans to household sum up to 
EUR 2,229m in 2019.
The table below shows loans past due 6 days or more, split by 
corporate and household customers. Past due is defined as a 
loan payment that has not been made as of its due date. Past 
due loans to corporate customers, were at end of 2019 EUR 
978m, down from EUR 1,235m one year ago, and past due loans 
for household customers increased to EUR 2,229m (EUR 1,636m). 
 
Rating distribution IRB Corporate customers
  2019 
  2018
6+
20
15
10
5
0
%
6
6– 5+
5
5– 4+
4
4– 3+
3
3– 2+
2
2– 1+
1
1–
Risk grade distribution IRB Retail customers
  2019 
  2018
6+
40
30
20
15
0
%
6
6– 5+
5
5– 4+
4
4– 3+
3
3– 2+
2
2– 1+
1
1–
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
EURm
Corporate 
customers
Household 
customers
Corporate 
customers
Household 
customers
6–30 days
405
1,054
701
657
31–60 days
127
273
89
233
61–90 days
84
144
35
111
>90 days
362
758
410
635
Total
978
2,229
1,235
1,636
Past due (incl. impaired) 
loans divided by loans  
to the ­public after  
allowances, %
0.63
1.33
0.82
1.04
Net loan losses 
Net loan losses increased to EUR 536m (from EUR 173m in 
2018), corresponding to an annual net loan loss ratio includ-
ing fair value mortgage loans of 18bps (up 11bps from 2018). 
The change in the level of net loan losses compared to 2018 
primarily related to net loan losses of EUR 282m made in 
Q3 2019 after dialogue with the ECB on Asset Quality Review 
findings, reflecting weaker outlook for certain sectors, and to 
IFRS9 model updates. 
Excluding these items affecting comparability, net loan 
losses for 2019 were EUR 253m, and 8 bps on total loan expo-
sure, including fair value mortgages. Net loan losses 
increased in Personal Banking to EUR 122m (EUR 79m) and 
Business Banking to EUR 91m (EUR 24m) compared to last 
year while net loan losses decreased in Large Corporates & 
Institutions to EUR 40m (EUR 92m).
Of the net loan losses, EUR 157m relates to corporate cus-
tomers (EUR 82m), and EUR 377m (EUR 102m) to household 
customers. Within the corporate portfolio the main net loan 
losses were in the industries Oil, Gas & Offshore and Maritime.
Counterparty credit risk
Counterparty credit risk is the risk that Nordea’s counterpart 
in an FX, interest, commodity, equity or credit derivative con-
tract defaults prior to maturity of the contract and that 
Nordea at that time has a claim on the counterpart. Counter-
party credit risk can also exist in repurchasing agreements 
and other securities financing transactions. Current exposure 
net (after close-out netting and collateral reduction) repre-
sents EUR 7.1bn of which 29% was towards financial institu-
tions. For information about financial instruments subject to 
master netting agreement, see Note G42.

--- Page 400 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
115
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont. 
Carrying amount of loans measured at amortised cost, before allowances	
	
	
	
Central banks and credit institutions
The public
Total
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2019
15,258
30
0
15,288
217,160
14,691
4,646
236,497
232,418
14,721
4,646
251,785
Origination and acquisition
2,088
0
–
2,088
59,495
1,000
422
60,917
61,583
1,000
422
63,005
Transfers between stage 1  
and stage 2, (net)
–7
7
–
0
982
–982
–
0
975
–975
0
0
Transfers between stage 2  
and stage 3, (net)
–
–
–
0
–
–213
213
0
0
–213
213
0
Transfers between stage 1  
and stage 3, (net)
–
–
–
0
–357
–
357
0
–357
0
357
0
Repayments and disposals
–3,272
–16
–
–3,288
–52,422
–2,774
–613
–55,809
–55,694
–2,790
–613
–59,097
Write-offs
–
–
–
0
–
–
–437
–437
0
0
–437
–437
Other changes
–2,489
58
–
–2,431
8,150
–1,042
–4
7,104
5,661
–984
–4
4,673
Translation differences
–29
0
–
–29
–893
–9
25
–877
–922
–9
25
–906
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2019
11,549
79
0
11,628
232,115
10,671
4,609
247,395
243,664
10,750
4,609
259,023
Central banks and credit institutions
The public
Total
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2018
11,161
88
6
11,255
218,421
14,040
5,397
237,858
229,582
14,128
5,403
249,113
Origination and acquisition
932
6
–
938
37,466
1,058
491
39,015
38,398
1,064
491
39,953
Transfers between stage 1  
and stage 2, (net)
4
–4
–
0
–279
288
–
9
–275
284
0
9
Transfers between stage 2  
and stage 3, (net)
–
0
0
0
–
–245
285
40
0
–245
285
40
Transfers between stage 1  
and stage 3, (net)
0
–
0
0
–49
–
83
34
–49
0
83
34
Repayments and disposals
–2,808
–7
–11
–2,826
–45,978
–3,336
–1,462
–50,776
–48,786
–3,343
–1,473
–53,602
Write-offs
–
–
–1
–1
–
–
–466
–466
0
0
–467
–467
Other changes
5,922
–53
6
5,875
9,611
2,946
324
12,881
15,533
2,893
330
18,756
Translation differences
47
0
–
47
–2,032
–60
–6
–2,098
–1,985
–60
–6
–2,051
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2018
15,258
30
0
15,288
217,160
14,691
4,646
236,497
232,418
14,721
4,646
251,785

--- Page 401 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
116
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Central banks and credit institutions
The public
Total
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2018
–8
–17
–7
–32
–125
–343
–1,809
–2,277
–133
–360
–1,816
–2,309
Origination and acquisition
–3
0
–
–3
–30
–21
–9
–60
–33
–21
–9
–63
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2
0
–1
–
–1
7
–63
–
–56
7
–64
0
–57
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3
–
–
–
0
0
–
–90
–90
0
0
–90
–90
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1
0
5
–
5
–13
52
–
39
–13
57
0
44
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3
–
–
–
0
–
16
–97
–81
0
16
–97
–81
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1
0
–
2
2
–4
–
12
8
–4
0
14
10
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2
–
–
–
0
–
–7
73
66
0
–7
73
66
Changes in credit risk without 
stage transfer
1
4
0
5
8
42
28
78
9
46
28
83
Repayments and disposals
5
1
2
8
16
36
34
86
21
37
36
94
Write-off through decrease in 
allowance account
–
–
–
0
–
–
280
280
0
0
280
280
Other changes
–
–
–
0
0
–
–22
–22
0
0
–22
–22
Translation differences
0
0
0
0
0
1
4
5
0
1
4
5
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2018
–5
–8
–3
–16
–141
–287
–1,596
–2,024
–146
–295
–1,599
–2,040
The tables shows the changes in exposure/allowances for each stage during the year. If an exposure moves into stage 2 from 
stage 1, there will be a reversal for stage 1 and an increase for stage 2.
Movements in allowance accounts for loans measured at amortised cost	
	
	
	
Central banks and credit institutions
The public
Total
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2019
–5
–8
–3
–16
–141
–287
–1,596
–2,024
–146
–295
–1,599
–2,040
Origination and acquisition
–1
0
–
–1
–31
–9
–1
–41
–32
–9
–1
–42
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2
0
0
–
0
6
–73
–
–67
6
–73
0
–67
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3
–
–
–
0
1
–
–57
–56
1
0
–57
–56
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1
0
0
–
0
–15
57
–
42
–15
57
0
42
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3
–
–
–
0
–
13
–159
–146
0
13
–159
–146
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1
–
–
–
0
–10
–
14
4
–10
0
14
4
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2
–
–
–
0
–
–19
24
5
0
–19
24
5
Changes in credit risk without 
stage transfer
1
0
–5
–4
23
–12
–214
–203
24
–10
–221
–207
Repayments and disposals
1
6
–
7
23
32
52
107
24
37
53
114
Write-off through decrease in 
allowance account
–
–
–
0
–
–
312
312
0
0
312
312
Changes due to update in the 
institution's methodology for 
estimation (net)
–
–
–
0
0
–40
–13
–53
0
–40
–13
–53
Other changes
–
–
–
0
–5
–5
–28
–38
–5
–5
–28
–38
Translation differences
0
0
–2
–2
0
1
–10
–9
0
0
–11
–11
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2019
–4
–2
–10
–16
–149
–342
–1,676
–2,167
–153
–344
–1,686
–2,183

--- Page 402 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
117
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont. 
Movements in provisions for off balance sheet items
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2019
18
41
62
121
Origination and acquisition
5
2
0
7
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2
0
21
–
21
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3
0
–
2
2
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1
2
–9
–
–7
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3
–
0
3
3
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1
0
–
–1
–1
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2
–
0
–4
–4
Changes in credit risk without stage transfer
12
18
–21
9
Repayments and disposals
–4
–3
0
–7
Write-off through decrease in allowance account
–
–
–
0
Translation differences
0
0
0
0
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2019
33
70
41
144
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2018
17
48
74
139
Origination and acquisition
6
5
0
11
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2
–1
12
–
11
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3
0
–
2
2
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1
2
–8
–
–6
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3
–
–1
8
7
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1
0
–
–2
–2
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2
–
0
–2
–2
Changes in credit risk without stage transfer
–2
–10
–5
–17
Repayments and disposals
–4
–5
0
–9
Write-off through decrease in allowance account
–
–
–13
–13
Translation differences
–
–
–
0
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2018
18
41
62
121

--- Page 403 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
118
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Market risk
Market risk is the risk of loss in Nordea’s positions in either 
the trading book or non-trading book as a result of changes 
in market rates and parameters that affect the market values 
or net interest income flows. Market risk exists irrespective of 
the accounting treatment of the positions.
The market risk appetite for the Group is expressed through 
risk appetite statements issued by the Board of Directors. The 
statements are defined for trading and banking books. 
The 2nd LoD ensures that the risk appetite is appropriately 
translated through the Risk Committee into specific risk 
appetite limits for the Business Areas and Group Treasury and 
ALM (TALM).
As part of the overall risk appetite framework (RAF), holis-
tic and bespoke stress tests are used to measure the market 
risk appetite and calibrate limits to monitor and control the 
full set of material market risk factors to which the bank is 
exposed.
Traded market risk
Traded market risk arises mainly from client-driven trading 
activities and related hedges in Nordea Markets which is part 
of Nordea Large Corporates & Institutions.
Nordea Markets takes market risks as part of its business 
model to support corporate and institutional clients through  
a range of fixed income, equity, foreign exchange and struc-
tured products. The market risks Nordea Markets is exposed 
to include interest rate risk, credit spread risk, equity risk, for-
eign exchange risk, commodity risk and inflation risk.
Furthermore, Nordea is one of the major mortgage lenders 
in the Nordics and market makers in Nordic corporate and 
government bonds. Holding inventory is a consequence of 
providing secondary market liquidity. As a result, Nordea’s 
business model naturally gives rise to a concentration in Nor-
dic mortgage and corporate bonds as well as in local market 
currencies.
Non-traded market risk
Non-traded market risk principally arises from the core bank-
ing business of Nordea, related hedges and regulatory or 
other external requirements (e.g. liquid asset buffer).
TALM is responsible for the comprehensive risk manage-
ment of all non-traded market risk exposures in the Group’s 
balance sheet. For transparency and a clear division of respon-
sibilities within TALM, the comprehensive banking book risk 
management is divided across several frameworks – each with 
a clear risk mandate and specific limits and controls.
The non-traded market risks that Nordea is exposed to are 
interest rate risk, credit spread risk, foreign exchange risk 
(both structural and non-structural) and equity risk. 
Interest rate risk in the banking book (IRRBB) is the current 
or prospective risk to Nordea’s capital and earnings arising 
from adverse movements in interest rates. Business Areas 
transfer their banking book exposures to TALM through a 
funds transfer pricing framework. The market risks are then 
managed centrally and include gap risk, spread risks, basis 
risks, credit spread risk, behavioural risk and non-linear risks. 
These risks are also delineated by currency.
Due to the lending structure in Nordea’s home markets, 
most of the contractual interest rate exposures are floating 
rate. Consequently, wholesale funding is also swapped to float-
ing rate. The resulting repricing gap risk is managed on an 
aggregated basis by currency and where applicable by legal 
entity (primarily the mortgage companies). The net outright 
interest rate risk stemming from the repricing gaps, together 
with the limited fixed interest rate risk, is hedged with interest 
rate swaps (IRS) and overnight index swaps (OIS).
Liquid assets are managed in accordance with the Liquid-
ity Buffer and Pledge/Collateral frameworks. Most of the 
directional interest rate risk arising from bond holdings is 
hedged primarily with maturity matched IRS payer swaps 
and to a smaller degree with OIS payer swaps. Forward Rate 
Agreements and listed futures contracts are also used to 
hedge credit spread and interest rate fixing risks.
The tail hedging framework operates a running portfolio of 
tail hedges across listed equity futures and options, main 
credit indices and interest rate swaps and options. Due to the 
nature of the framework, asymmetrical hedging structures 
are natural building blocks of the tail hedging portfolio. Tail 
hedges run across Nordea’s other banking book frameworks, 
including the liquid asset bond and derivative portfolios, the 
strategic equity investments and the structural risks.
Measurement of market risk
Nordea uses several quantitative risk measurement methods 
for traded market risk: Value-at-Risk (VaR), stress testing, sensi-
tivity analysis, parametric methods and Monte Carlo simulation.
VaR is based on historical scenarios and is the primary mar-
ket risk measurement metric, complemented by stress testing. 
Nordea calculates VaR using historical simulation. The current 
portfolio is revalued based on historical daily changes in mar-
ket prices, rates and other market risk factors observed during 
the last 500 business days and translated to changes in the 
current market risk factors. Nordea uses absolute, relative and 
mixed translation methods for different risk categories. The 
revaluation of the current portfolio is performed for each posi-
tion using either a linear approximation method or a full reval-
uation method, depending on the nature of the position.
Parametric methods are used to capture equity event risk 
including the impact of defaults on equity related positions 
(these risks are part of specific equity risk).
Monte Carlo simulation is used in the Incremental Risk 
Measure model and the Comprehensive Risk Measure model 
to capture the default and migration risks.
The Value-at-Risk, Stressed Value-at-Risk, Equity Event 
Risk, Incremental Risk Measure and the Comprehensive Risk 
Measure models were all approved by the bank’s previous 
regulator, the Swedish FSA, for use in calculating market risk 
own funds requirements under the Internal Model Approach 
(IMA). The same models, with same calibration and settings, 
as used for regulatory capital requirements are used for inter-
nal risk management purposes.
The Standardised Approach is applied to risk exposure 
which is not covered by the IMA. It is used for calculating mar-
ket risk exposures for commodity related products, specific risk 
for mortgage and government bonds, commercial papers, cred-
it/rate hybrids and credit spread options, as well as for equity 
risk related to structured equity and Tier 1 and Tier 2 bonds.
Nordea Bank Abp is the only legal entity for which this 
model is in use. After the relocation to Finland in October 
2018, Nordea is operating under a temporary tolerance deci-
sion from the ECB, allowing the bank to continue to use its 
IMA approved by the Swedish FSA. The ECB’s temporary tol-
erance is conditioned on Nordea applying to the ECB for a 
new permanent IMA approval, which the bank is currently 
preparing for.
IRRBB is measured, monitored and managed using three 
key risk metrics:
•	 Economic Value (EV),
•	 Fair Value (FV), and
•	 Structural Interest Income Risk (SIIR).
The three different risk metrics are used to assess differing 
aspects of the manifestation of interest rate risk. These are 
described in more detail below.
Economic value (EV) of Equity stress tests consider the

--- Page 404 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
119
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
change in the economic value of banking book assets, liabili-
ties and interest-bearing derivative exposures resulting from 
interest rate movements, independently of accounting classifi-
cation and ignoring credit spreads and commercial margins. 
The model assumes a run-off balance sheet and includes 
behavioural modelling for non-maturing deposits and pre-
payments. Changes in the Economic Value of Equity of the 
banking book are measured using the 6 standardised scenari-
os defined by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
(BCBS) plus a range of internal parallel shocks. The exposure 
limit under EV is measured against the worst outcome out of 
the six Basel scenarios measured. The EV Basel scenarios are 
estimated daily for management information purposes, but 
fully calculated and monitored monthly against the risk appe-
tite limits. The fair value risk stress measure considers the 
potential revaluation risk relating to positions held under fair 
value accounting classifications. Fair value sensitivities in the 
banking book are monitored against five severe but plausible 
market stress scenarios. The scenarios are calibrated to reflect 
severe events designed to test specific exposures that are or 
may be held under the approved mandate. The risk is mea-
sured daily, and a risk appetite limit is set against the worst 
outcome of the five scenarios. The FV scenarios are applied to 
both the banking book and trading book portfolios, and the 
Board risk appetite limit considers the combined impact 
across both. The FV stress metric is monitored daily.
The earnings risk metric measures the change in net inter-
est income relative to a base scenario, creating a Structural 
Interest Income Risk (SIIR) value over a one-year horizon. The 
model uses a constant balance sheet assumption, implied for-
ward rates and behavioural modelling for the non-maturing 
deposits and prepayments. Similarly to EV, SIIR is measured 
using the six standardised scenarios defined by the Basel 
Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) for management 
information, plus a range of internal parallel shocks. The SIIR 
risk appetite limit is set against a +/– 50bps parallel shock. 
The SIIR earnings metric is monitored monthly.
The measurement of IRRBB is dependent on key assump-
tions applied in the models. The most material assumptions 
relate to the modelling of embedded behavioural options in 
both assets and liabilities. The behavioural option held by 
Nordea’s lending customers to execute early loan prepay-
ments is estimated using prepayment models. On the liability 
side, Nordea has an option to change deposit rates, and cus-
tomers have an option to withdraw non-maturing deposits 
(NMD) at any given day. Both embedded options are mod-
elled using NMD models. Both assumptions are calculated 
based on historical average by core asset and liability class 
features. Assets and liabilities are grouped according to key 
metrics including product type, geography and customer seg-
ment. Assumptions are based on historically observed values. 
Regular back-testing and model monitoring are performed 
for both prepayment models and NMD models to ensure that 
the models remain accurate.
The Pillar 2 IRRBB capital allocations consist of a Fair 
Value Risk component and an Earnings Risk component. The 
Fair Value Risk component covers the impact on the bank’s 
equity due to adverse movements in the MtM values of posi-
tions accounted for at Fair Value through Profit and Loss 
(FVTPL) or Fair Value through other comprehensive income 
(FVOCI). The Earnings Risk component covers the impact of 
rate changes on future earnings capacity, and the resulting 
implications for internal capital buffer levels. 	
Nordea is exposed to structural FX risk defined as the mis-
match between the currency composition of its common 
equity tier 1 (CET1) and risk exposure amounts. CET1 is large-
ly denominated in euro with the only significant non-euro 
equity amounts stemming from mortgage subsidiaries and 
Nordea Bank Russia. Changes in FX rates can therefore nega-
tively impact Nordea’s CET1 ratio.
Market risk analysis
The market risk for the Nordea trading book is presented in 
the table below. 
The Market risk measured by VaR showed an average utili-
sation of EUR 14.8m in 2019 (average in 2018 was EUR 13m) 
and was primarily driven by interest rate VaR. Stressed VaR 
showed an average utilisation of EUR 46.6m which is higher 
compared to 2018 (average in 2018 was EUR 33m) and primar-
ily driven by interest rate stressed VaR with additional contri-
butions from credit spread stressed VaR. The highs in VaR 
were reached in Q3 and Q4 while highs in stressed VaR were 
reached in Q1 and Q4. VaR and stressed VaR are primarily driv-
en by market risk in Northern European and Nordic countries.
The Incremental Risk Charge (IRC) at the end of 2019 was 
significantly lower than  
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Market risk figures for the trading book1
EURm
31 Dec 2019
2019 high
2019 low
2019 avg
31 Dec 2018
Total VaR
21.1
22.5
10.1
14.8
18.3
Interest rate risk
18.1
20.6
8.4
14.0
16.4
Equity risk
6.1
9.6
1.4
3.4
2.5
Credit spread risk
4.3
10.5
3.1
5.1
6.5
Foreign exchange risk
1.6
6.3
0.7
2.9
1.9
Inflation risk
1.8
2.8
1.4
2.0
2.2
Diversification effect
34.1
58.1
34.1
45.7
37.9
Total Stressed VaR
66.8
86.1
27.9
46.6
61.9
Incremental Risk Charge (IRC)
21.3
41.2
7.3
16.1
34.8
Comprehensive Risk Charge (CRC)
16.5
29.0
9.3
19.6
28.7
1)  Equity Event Risk, which equalled EUR 0.2m at end of 2019.
Market risk for the banking book figures
EURm
31 Dec 2019
2019 high
2019 low
2019 avg
31 Dec 2018
Total VaR
33.5
57.8
26.5
42.1
37.5

--- Page 405 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
120
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
at the end of 2018. The decrease was driven by a reduction  
in both default and migration exposure. The lowest exposure 
occurred during Q3 2019, while IRC peaked in Q1 2019. The 
average IRC decreased by EUR 8.7m compared to the previ-
ous year, especially driven by a consistently lower default 
component.
Comprehensive Risk Charge (CRC) at the end of 2019 was 
lower than at the end of 2018 driven by buy-backs and spread 
tightening. The lowest exposure occurred during Q4 2019, 
while CRC peaked during Q1 2019. Average CRC for 2019 
dropped by EUR 5.6m compared to 2018.
The VaR for Banking Book has reduced slightly over the 
year, driven by higher concentration on high rated govern-
ment bonds and a small reduction in mortgage bond expo-
sure over the year. Overall Banking Book market risk is within 
appetite and under control.
The fair value of illiquid alternative investments was EUR 
852.6m at the end of 2019 (EUR 644.9m at the end of 2018), 
of which private equity funds EUR 338.9m, hedge funds EUR 
1.4m, credit funds EUR 253.3m and seed-money investments 
EUR 258.9m. All four types of investments are spread over a 
number of funds.
Structural Interest Income Risk (SIIR)/EV
At the end of the year, the worst loss out of the six Basel sce-
narios for SIIR was driven by the Steepener Basel scenario, 
where the loss was EUR 1,030m (against the worst loss in 
2018 of EUR 1,176m, also taken from the Steepener shock sce-
nario). These figures imply that net interest income would 
decrease if short term interest rates fall while long rates rise.
The most severe impact from the Basel scenarios on EV is 
from the Flattener shock scenario, where the loss was EUR 
263.9m at end of year 2019.
Other market risks / Pension risk
Pension risk (including market and longevity risks) arises 
from Nordea-sponsored defined benefit pension schemes for 
past and current employees. The ability of the pension 
schemes to meet the projected pension payments is main-
tained through investments and ongoing scheme 
contributions.
Pension risks can manifest through increases in the value 
of liabilities or through falls in the values of assets. These 
risks are regularly reported and monitored and include con-
sideration of sub components of market risk such as interest 
rate, inflation, credit spread, real estate and equity risk. To 
minimise the risks to Nordea, limits are imposed on potential 
losses under severe but plausible stress events and by limits 
on capital drawdown. In addition, regular reviews of the 
schemes strategic asset allocation are undertaken to ensure 
the investment approach reflects Nordea’s risk appetite. See 
note G34 for more information. 
Operational risk
Nordea defines operational risk as the risk of loss resulting 
from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and sys-
tems or from external events, and includes legal risk. 
Operational risks are inherent in all of Nordea’s businesses 
and operations. Consequently, managers throughout Nordea 
are accountable for the operational risks related to their man-
date and for managing these risks within risk limits and risk 
appetite in accordance with the operational risk management 
framework. 
Group Operational Risk (GOR) within Group Risk and Com-
pliance (GRC) constitutes the second line of defence (2nd 
LoD) risk control function for operational risk and is respon-
sible for developing and maintaining the overall operational 
risk management framework as well as for monitoring and 
controlling the operational risk management of the first line of 
defence (1st LoD). GOR monitors and controls that operational 
risks are appropriately identified, assessed and mitigated, fol-
lows-up risk exposures towards risk appetite and assesses the 
adequacy and effectiveness of the operational risk manage-
ment framework and the implementation of the frameworks.
The focus areas of the monitoring and control work per-
formed by GOR are decided during an annual planning pro-
cess that includes business areas, key risk areas and opera-
tional risk processes. GOR is responsible for preparing and 
submitting regular risk reports on all material risk exposures 
including risk appetite limit utilisation and incidents to the 
Chief Risk Officer (CRO), who thereafter reports to the Chief 
Executive Officer (CEO) in Group Leadership Team (GLT), the 
Group Board and relevant committees.
The Risk Appetite Statement (RAS) for operational risk is 
expressed in terms of:
•	 residual risk level in breach of risk appetite and require-
ments for mitigating actions for risks; and 
•	 total loss amount from incidents and management of 
incidents. 
Management of operational risk
Management of operational risk includes all activities aimed 
at identifying, assessing and measuring, responding and miti-
gating, controlling and monitoring and reporting on risks. The 
risk management is supported by various processes including 
e.g. the Risk and Control Self-Assessment, Change Risk Man-
agement and Approval, Incident Management, Scenario Anal-
ysis, Business Continuity and Crisis Management, Information 
Security Management, Third Party Risk Management and 
Significant Operating Processes. 
Some of these processes are described below and addi-
tional details on processes for managing and controlling 
operational risks are included in the Capital and Risk Man-
agement Report. 
Risk and Control Self-Assessment 
The Risk and Control Self-Assessment (RCSA) process pro-
vides a risk-based view of operational and compliance risks 
across Nordea. The process improves risk awareness and 
enables effective assessment, control, and mitigation of iden-
tified risks. For risks identified in the RCSA process, the level 
of risk and the controls in place to mitigate the risks are 
assessed. If mitigating actions are required to reduce the risk 
exposure, these are identified and implemented.
Change Risk Management and Approval framework 
The objective of the Change Risk Management and Approval 
(CRMA) framework is to ensure that there is a full under-
standing of both financial and non-financial risks when exe-
cuting changes. Associated risks shall be adequately man-
aged consistent with Nordea’s risk strategy, risk appetite and 
corresponding risk limits before a change is approved, exe-
cuted or implemented.
Changes in scope of the CRMA framework include e.g. new 
or significant changes to products, services, or IT systems. 
Incident Management 
The objective of Incident Management is to ensure appropri-
ate handling of detected incidents in order to minimise the 
impact on Nordea and its customers, to prevent reoccurrence, 
and to reduce the impact of future incidents. In addition, the 
Incident Management shall enable timely, accurate and com-
plete information for internal and external reporting and capi-
tal modelling, and secure timely notification to relevant 
supervisory authorities.

--- Page 406 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
121
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Business Continuity and Crisis Management 
The objective of the Business Continuity and Crisis Manage-
ment is to protect Nordea’s employees, customers, stakehold-
ers and assets by ensuring that Nordea builds, maintains, and 
tests the ability to continue and recover prioritised activities 
and assets, should an extraordinary event or crisis occur. Cri-
sis Management shall ensure that extraordinary events or cri-
sis situations are identified, escalated and managed to mini-
mize impact.
Financial Reporting Risk
Financial reporting risk is defined as the risk of misstatements 
in external financial reporting and regulatory capital report-
ing. The risk arises from erroneous interpretation and imple-
mentation of accounting standards and regulation, the use of 
judgement in reporting, as well as from inadequate gover-
nance and control frameworks around valuation and financial 
reporting. The framework for managing financial reporting 
risk is designated as the Accounting Key Controls (AKC), 
framework, based on the the Committee of Sponsoring Orga-
nizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), framework, 
which provides the structure and guidance for designing, 
operating and evaluating the system of internal control over 
financial reporting across the group. The AKC framework is 
the mechanism through which management expresses its 
various assertions over its financial statements. GRC control 
function for financial reporting risk is responsible for the inde-
pendent monitoring, assessment and oversight of the risks 
and the group's implementation of the AKC framework, and 
reports to Board Audit Committee on a quarterly basis.
Compliance Risk
Nordea defines compliance risk as the risk of failure to com-
ply with applicable laws, regulations, standards, supervisory 
requirements and related internal rules governing Nordea’s 
activities in any jurisdiction where Nordea operates.
Nordea’s Code of Conduct and corporate values underpin 
Nordea’s culture and set the parameters for how Nordea's 
employees should conduct themselves. All Nordea’s employ-
ees are required to complete annual training in the Code of 
Conduct to ensure proper awareness and knowledge of the 
ethical principles. 
In 2019, Nordea continued the development to ensure that 
Nordea’s culture and behaviours are consistent with Nordea’s 
values and that Nordea delivers fair outcomes for its custom-
ers throughout the entire stage of the customer lifecycle. The 
quality of investment advice is monitored continuously to 
ensure customer protection and recent outcomes indicating 
improvement. The improved results are driven by the changes 
made in the advisory tool, instructions and training of advi-
sors. It is also important to manage conflicts of interest in 
relation to products and services. In 2019, enhancements have 
been implemented in regular product reviews and the 
approval process. The complaints handling framework has in 
the recent years been developed and the process is renewed 
with clear and regular reporting, a strong feedback culture, 
root cause analysis and mitigating activities.
Nordea’s Raising Your Concern (RYC or “whistleblowing”) 
process ensures that Nordea employees, customers and external 
stakeholders have the right to and feel safe when speaking up if 
they witness or suspect misconduct or unethical behaviour. The 
RYC process encompasses ways to report a suspected breach of 
ethical standards, or breach of internal or external rules. Con-
cerns can be raised openly, confidentially or anonymously by 
individuals (“whistle-blow”). The RYC process also outlines rules 
and procedures for how RYC investigations are conducted.
Nordea further strengthened the financial crime defences 
in 2019. Significant compliance enhancements have been 
achieved within the areas of: i) governance, ii) IT support of 
customer due diligence processes, iii) participation in the 
development of a Nordic KYC Utility (a cross-bank initiative to 
centrally collect customer due diligence data), iv) transaction 
monitoring and sanction screening capabilities by e.g. 
upgrading systems, introducing additional automated pro-
cesses and improving timeliness of suspicious activity report-
ing, v) updating Nordea’s policies in light of changes in regu-
lation, and vi) strengthening of Nordea’s Anti-Bribery and 
Corruption programme.
Managers throughout Nordea are accountable for the 
compliance risks related to their mandate and for managing 
these in accordance with the compliance risk management 
framework.
Group Compliance (GC) within Group Risk and Compliance 
(GRC) constitutes the independent compliance function and 
is responsible for developing and maintaining the risk man-
agement framework for compliance risks and for guiding the 
business in their implementation of and adherence to the 
framework. 
Compliance activities are presented in the form of an annu-
al compliance oversight plan to the Chief Executive Officer 
(CEO) and the Board of Directors (BoD). The annual compli-
ance oversight plan represents a comprehensive approach to 
the compliance activities of Nordea, combining GC’s overall 
approach to key risk areas. The plan is supported by granular 
plans in each Business Area, Group Function, Consolidated 
Group Subsidiaries and Nordea Bank Abp branches and for 
each risk area. 
GC is responsible for regular reporting to the BoD, the CEO 
in Group Leadership Team (GLT), branch management and 
relevant committees, at least quarterly.
The Risk Appetite Statement (RAS) for compliance risk is 
expressed in terms of the residual risk level in breach of risk 
appetite and requirements for mitigating actions for risks. The 
RAS for conduct risk includes metrics regarding the Code of 
Conduct as well as customer outcomes and market integrity.
Details on key processes for managing and controlling 
compliance risks are included in the Capital and Risk Man-
agement Report.
Nordea is subject to various legal regimes and requirements, 
including but not limited to those of the Nordic countries, the 
European Union and the United States. Supervisory and gov-
ernmental authorities that administer and enforce those 
regimes make regular inquiries and conduct investigations 
with regards to Nordea’s compliance in many areas, such as 
investment advice, anti-money laundering (AML), trade regula-
tion and sanctions adherence, external tax rules, competition 
law and governance and control. The outcome and timing of 
these inquiries and investigations is unclear and pending, and 
accordingly, it cannot be excluded that these inquiries and 
investigations could lead to criticism against the bank, reputa-
tion loss, fines, sanctions, disputes and/or litigations. 
In June 2015, the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority 
investigated how Nordea Bank Denmark A/S had followed 
the regulations regarding AML. The outcome has resulted in 
criticism and the matter was, in accordance with Danish 
administrative practice, handed over to the police for further 
handling and possible sanctions. As previously stated, Nordea 
expects to be fined in Denmark for our weak AML processes 
and procedures in the past and has made a provision for 
ongoing AML-related matters.
There is a risk that the outcome of possible fines from 
authorities could be higher (or potentially lower) than the cur-
rent provision and that this could also impact the bank’s finan-
cial performance. In addition, some of these proceedings 
could lead to litigation. Given this uncertainty, we will main-
tain the level of provision for ongoing AML related matters 
while also continuing the dialogue with the Danish Authorities 
regarding their allegations for historical AML weaknesses.

--- Page 407 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
122
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Nordea has made significant investments to address the 
deficiencies highlighted by the investigations. Amongst other 
Nordea established in 2015 the Financial Crime Change Pro-
gramme and has strengthened the organization significantly 
to enhance the AML and sanction management risk frame-
works. Nordea has also established the Business Ethics and 
Values Committee and a culture transformation program to 
embed stronger ethical standards into our corporate culture. 
In addition, the group is investing in enhanced compliance 
standards, processes and resources in both the first and sec-
ond lines of defence.
The Danish tax authorities have raised a claim for damages 
against Nordea of approximately DKK 900m relating to 
Nordea’s assistance to a foreign bank in connection with the 
said bank’s reclaim of dividend tax on behalf of one of its cus-
tomers. It is our assessment that Nordea is not liable, and 
Nordea disputes the claim. 
Life insurance risk and market risks in 
the Life & Pensions operations
The life insurance business of Nordea Life & Pensions (NLP) 
consists of a range of different life & health products, from 
endowments with duration of a few years to very long-term 
pension savings contracts, with durations of more than 40 
years. Market return products (unit- linked products) clearly 
dominate NLP’s business. Traditional products (participating 
savings and life insurance products) and health insurance 
take minor roles in NLP’s business profile.
The main risks that NLP is exposed to are market risks and 
life & health insurance risks.
Market risks at NLP arise from the sensitivity of the values 
of assets and liabilities to changes in the level or volatility of 
market prices or interest rates. Within market risk, the interest 
rate risk, equity risk, credit spread risk and currency risk are 
the most relevant risks.
Market risks are measured and monitored through expo-
sure calculations and adequate limit setting. In addition, NLP 
regularly performs stress tests and macroeconomic scenario 
analyses to assess the need for future capitalization. The 
results of stress tests and scenario analysis are monitored 
against limits specified in the internal policies.
Market risk is mitigated by applying hedging and asset 
allocation strategies.
Life & health insurance risk is the risk of unexpected losses 
due to changes in the level, trend or volatility of mortality, 
longevity, disability and surrender/ lapse rates. The risks are 
measured and monitored through calculations of the Solven-
cy II capital requirements. To assess the resilience of the busi-
ness to sudden changes in the lapse rate, regular sensitivity 
tests are performed at NLP group and local entity level.
Life & health insurance risk is mitigated using actuarial 
methods, i.e. through tariffs, rules for acceptance of custom-
ers, reinsurance contracts, stress tests and setting up ade-
quate provisions for risks.
Liquidity risk management
During 2019, Nordea continued to benefit from its prudent 
liquidity risk management, in terms of maintaining a diversi-
fied and strong funding base and a diversified liquidity buffer. 
Nordea had access to all relevant financial markets and was 
able to actively use all of its funding programmes. Nordea 
issued approximately EUR 19.2bn in long-term debt (exclud-
ing subordinated debt and covered bonds issued by Nordea 
Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab) of which approx. EUR 13bn 
included covered bonds issued in Sweden, Finland and Nor-
way. Throughout 2019, Nordea remained compliant with the 
requirement in EBA Delegated Act Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
(LCR) in all currencies on a combined basis.
Liquidity risk definition and identification
Liquidity risk is the risk that Nordea is unable to service its 
cash flow obligations when they fall due; or unable to meet its 
cash flow obligations without incurring significant additional 
funding costs. Nordea is exposed to liquidity risk in its lending, 
investment, funding, off-balance sheet exposures and other 
activities which result in a negative cash flow mismatch. Cash 
flow mismatches can occur at the end of a day or intraday.
Management principles and control
Liquidity risk at Nordea is managed across three Lines of 
Defence:
The First Line of Defence comprises Group Treasury & 
Asset Liability Management (TALM) and the Business Areas. 
TALM is responsible for the day to day management of the 
Group’s liquidity positions, liquidity buffers, external and 
internal funding including the mobilisation of cash around the 
Group, and Funds Transfer Pricing (FTP).
The Second Line of Defence, Group Risk and Compliance, 
is responsible for providing independent oversight of and 
challenge to the first line of defence.
The Third Line of Defence includes Group Internal Audit 
(GIA), which is responsible for providing independent over-
sight of the first – and second lines of defence.
The Board of Directors defines the liquidity risk appetite by 
setting limits for applied liquidity risk metrics. The most cen-
tral metric is the Liquidity Stress Horizon, which defines the 
risk appetite by setting a minimum survival of 90 days under 
institution-specific and market-wide stress scenarios with 
limited mitigation actions.
A framework of limits and monitoring metrics is in place to 
ensure Nordea stays within various risk parameters including 
the risk appetite.
A Funds Transfer Pricing (FTP) framework is in place that 
recognises that liquidity is a scarce and costly resource. By 
quantifying and allocating the liquidity and funding costs and 
benefits to the respective business areas, behaviours and 
strategic decisions are appropriately incentivised.
Liquidity risk management strategy
Nordea’s liquidity management strategy is based on policy 
statements resulting in various liquidity risk measures, limits 
and organisational procedures.
Policy statements stipulate that Nordea’s liquidity manage-
ment reflects a conservative attitude towards liquidity risk. 
Nordea strives to diversify its sources of funding and seeks to 
establish and maintain relationships with investors in order to 
ensure market access. A broad and diversified funding struc-
ture is reflected by the strong presence in the Group’s four 
domestic markets in the form of a strong and stable retail 
customer base and the variety of funding programmes. The 
funding programmes are both short-term (US – and Europe-
an commercial paper, and Certificates of Deposits) and long-
term (covered bonds, European medium-term notes, medium 
term notes) and cover a range of currencies.
Trust is fundamental in the funding market; therefore, 
Nordea periodically publishes information on the liquidity sit-
uation of the Group. Furthermore, Nordea regularly performs 
stress testing of the liquidity risk position and has put in place 
business contingency plans for liquidity crisis management.

--- Page 408 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
123
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G2. Risk and Liquidity management, cont.
Liquidity risk measurement
To ensure funding in situations where Nordea is in urgent 
need of cash and the normal funding sources do not suffice, 
Nordea holds a liquidity buffer. The liquidity buffer consists of 
central bank eligible, high credit quality and liquid securities 
and central bank cash that can be readily sold or used as col-
lateral in funding operations.
Liquidity risk management focuses on both short-term 
liquidity risk and long-term structural liquidity risk. Liquidity 
risk is limited by the Board of Directors via Internal Liquidity 
Coverage and Liquidity Stress Horizon metrics stipulating 
that the liquidity buffer needs to be sufficient to cover peak 
cumulative stressed outflows experienced over the first 90 
days of a combined stress event, whereby Nordea is subject 
to a market-wide stress similar to what many banks experi-
enced in 2007–08; and an idiosyncratic stress corresponding 
to a three-notch credit rating downgrade. These metrics form 
the basis for Nordea’s liquidity risk appetite, which is 
reviewed and approved by the Board at least annually.
Furthermore, short-term funding risk is measured via the 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and a funding gap risk metric. 
The funding gap risk metric expresses the expected maximum 
accumulated need for raising liquidity in the course of the next 
30 days. Funding gap risk is measured and limited for each 
currency and as a total figure for all currencies combined. 
Structural liquidity risk of Nordea is measured via many 
metrics of which the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) and 
the internally defined Net Balance of Stable Funding (NBSF) 
are very important. Furthermore, the loan to deposit ratio is 
closely monitored together with the wholesale funding refi-
nancing profile and rating agency metrics. 
Liquidity risk analysis
Nordea continues to have a strong and prudent liquidity risk 
profile with a strong funding base. As of year-end 2019, the 
total volume utilised under short-term programmes was EUR 
44.3bn (EUR 46.8bn) with an average maturity of 0.3 (0.3) 
years. The total volume under long-term programmes was EUR 
159.3bn (EUR 152.8bn) with an average maturity being 6.3 (6.0) 
years. Nordea’s funding sources are presented in a table below.
The liquidity risk position remained at a low level through-
out 2019. The Liquidity Stress Horizon was 504 days as of year-
end 2019 (533 days as of year-end 2018) with a yearly average 
of 642 days (332 days) – the Group limit is not below 90 days.
The yearly average of the funding gap risk was EUR 
+29.7bn (EUR +17.7bn in 2018) against a limit of EUR –15bn. 
Nordea’s liquidity buffer ranged between EUR 88.1bn and 
108.2bn throughout 2019 (EUR 86.9bn and 110.1bn) with an 
average liquidity buffer of EUR 97.2bn (EUR 97.8bn).
The combined LCR according to EBA Delegated Act rules for 
the Nordea Group was at the end of 2019 166% (185%) with a 
yearly average of 188% (184%). At the end of 2019 the LCR in 
EUR was 236% (257%) and in USD 146% (214%), with yearly 
averages of 201% (190%) and 187% (183%), respectively. At the 
end of 2019 Nordea’s NSFR was 108.6% according to CRR2.
Net balance of stable funding
EURbn
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Stable liabilities and equity
Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital
31
32
Secured/unsecured borrowing >1Y
124
126
Stable retail deposits
68
65
Less stable retail deposits
17
16
Wholesale deposits <1Y
71
72
Total Stable Liabilities
311
311
Net balance of stable funding, cont.
Stable assets
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Wholesale and retail loans >1Y
238
240
Long term lending to banks and 
financial companies
1
1
Other illiquid assets
25
26
Total Stable Assets
264
266
Off-balance-sheet items
2
2
Net balance of stable funding (NBSF)
44
43
Funding sources, 31 December 2019
Liability type
Interest  
rate base
Average 
maturity 
(years)
EURm
Deposits by credit institutions
Shorter than 3 months 
Euribor etc.
0.1
31,456
Longer than 3 months
Euribor etc.
0.5
848
Deposits and borrowings  
from the public
Deposits on demand
Administrative
0.0
149,012
Other deposits
Euribor etc.
0.2
19,712
Debt securities in issue
Certificates of deposits
Euribor etc.
0.4
22,094
Commercial papers
Euribor etc.
0.2
22,192
Mortgage covered bond loans
Fixed rate, 
market-based 
7.7
115,346
Other bond loans
Fixed rate, 
market-based
2.6
34,094
Derivatives
42,047
Other non-interest- 
bearing items
57,452
Subordinated debt
Tier 2 subordinated  
bond loans
Fixed rate, 
market-based
4.8
7,410
Additional Tier 1 subordinated 
bond loans (undated) 
Fixed rate, 
market-based
2,409
Equity
31,528
Total
535,602
Liabilities to policyholders
19,246
Total, including  
life insurance operations
554,848
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR), 31 December 2019
EURbn
Available stable funding
290,5
Required stable funding
267,6
Net stable funding
22,9
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)1
108.6%
1)  According to CRR2 regulation.

--- Page 409 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
124
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Operating segments 
Measurement of Operating segments’ performance
The measurement principles and allocation between operat-
ing segments follow the information reported to the Chief 
Operating Decision Maker (CODM), as required by IFRS 8. At 
Nordea, the CODM has been defined as Group Leadership 
Team (former Group Executive Management). The main dif-
ferences compared to the section “Business areas“ in this 
report are that the information to CODM is prepared using 
plan exchange rates and that different allocation principles 
between operating segments have been applied. 
Basis of segmentation 
Financial results are presented for the four main business 
areas Personal Banking, Business Banking, Large Corporates 
& Institutions and Asset & Wealth Management, with 
further breakdown into operating segments where 
relevant, and for the operating segment Group Finance. 
Other operating segments below the quantitative 
thresholds in IFRS 8 are included in Other operating 
segments. Group functions and eliminations, as well as 
the result that is not fully allocated to any of the operating 
segments, are shown separately as reconciling items.
Compared with the 2018 Annual Report there is a change 
in the presentation of the business area Personal Banking. 
Personal Banking is only presented on a Nordic level and has 
no further break-down by country in order to align with other 
segments. The business area Commercial & Business Banking 
has changed name to Business Banking and the business 
area Wholesale Banking has changed name to Large Corpo-
rates & Institutions. The changes are reflected in the reporting 
to the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) and are con-
sequently part of the segment reporting in Note G3. Compar-
ative figures have been restated accordingly.
Reportable Operating segments
Personal Banking serves Nordea’s household customers in the 
Nordic markets, through various channels offering a full range 
of financial services and solutions. The business area includes 
advisory and service staff, channels, product units, back office 
and IT under a common strategy, operating model and gover-
nance across markets. 
Business Banking and Business Banking Direct work with a 
relationship-driven customer service model with a customer-
centric value proposition for Nordea’s corporate customers. The 
business area also consists of Transaction Banking, which 
include Cards, Trade Finance and Cash Management, and 
Nordea Finance. These units services both personal and corpo-
rate customers across the Nordea Group.
Large Corporates & Institutions provides banking and other 
financial solutions to large Nordic and international corporates 
as well as institutional and public companies. The division Cor-
porate & Investment Banking is a customer oriented organisa-
tion serving the largest globally operating corporates. The divi-
sion Financial Institutions Group & International Banks is 
responsible for Nordea's customers within the financial sector, 
and offers single products such as funds and equity products as 
well as consulting services within asset allocation and fund 
sales. Nordea Bank Russia offers a full range of banking ser-
vices to corporate customers in Russia. Capital Markets unallo-
cated includes the result in Capital Markets which is not allo-
cated to the main business areas. 
Asset & Wealth Management provides high quality invest-
ment, savings and risk management products. It also manages 
customers’ assets and gives financial advice to affluent and 
high net worth individuals as well as to institutional investors. 
The division Private Banking provides wealth planning, full-
scale investment advice, credit, and estate planning services to 
wealthy individuals, businesses and their owners, trusts and 
foundations. The Asset Management division is responsible for 
all actively managed investment products including internally 
managed investment funds and mandates as well as selected 
externally managed funds, and for serving the institutional 
asset management customers. Life & Pensions serves Nordea’s 
Retail Private Banking and corporate customers with a full 
range of pension, endowment and risk products as well as tai-
lor-made advice for bank distribution. Life & Pensions unallo-
cated includes the result in Life & Pensions that is not allocated 
to the main business areas. 
The main objective of Group Finance is to manage the 
Group's funding and to support the management and control of 
the Nordea Group. The main income in Group Finance origi-
nates from Group Treasury & ALM (TALM). 
G3.  Segment reporting

--- Page 410 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
125
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Income statement 2019
EURm
Personal 
Banking
Business 
Banking
Large 
­Corporates & 
Institutions
Asset & 
Wealth 
Management
Group 
­Finance
Other 
 Operating 
segments3
Total ­ 
operating 
segments
Recon­
ciliation
Total Group
Net interest income 
2,166
1,352
863
54
33
0
4,468
–150
4,318
Net fee and commission income
1,184
615
454
1,430
–4
3
3,682
–671
3,011
Net result from items at fair value
173
210
308
112
151
12
966
58
1,024
Profit from associated undertakings 
accounted for under the equity method
0
2
0
33
0
18
53
–3
50
Other income
2
20
1
14
7
138
182
50
232
Total operating income
3,525
2,199
1,626
1,643
187
171
9,351
–716
8,635
- of which internal transactions1
–678
–275
–464
–22
1,454
–15
0
–
–
Staff costs
–631
–422
–356
–402
–127
–191
–2,129
–888
–3,017
Other expenses
–1,308
–710
–564
–321
92
–117
–2,928
1,289
–1,639
Depreciation, amortisation and ­ 
impair­ment charges of tangible  
and intangible assets
–63
–19
–14
–12
–3
–751
–862
–468
–1,330
Total operating expenses
–2,002
–1,151
–934
–735
–38
–1,059
–5,919
–67
–5,986
Profit before loan losses
1,523
1,048
692
908
149
–888
3,432
–783
2,649
Net loan losses
–135
–140
–255
–1
0
2
–529
–7
–536
Operating profit
1,388
908
437
907
149
–886
2,903
–790
2,113
Income tax expense
–333
–218
–105
–218
–34
215
–693
122
–571
Net profit for the year
1,055
690
332
689
115
–671
2,210
–668
1,542
Balance sheet 31 Dec 2019, EURbn
Loans to the public2
154
83
51
8
–
1
297
26
323
Deposits and borrowings  
from the public2
73
42
35
10
–
1
161
8
169
Income statement 2018
EURm
Personal 
Banking
Business 
Banking
Large 
­Corporates & 
Institutions
Asset & 
Wealth 
Management
Group 
­Finance 
Other 
 Operating 
segments3
Total ­ 
operating 
segments3
Recon­
ciliation
Total Group
Net interest income 
2,116
1,320
920
69
40
14
4,479
12
4,491
Net fee and commission income
1,176
578
472
1,411
–19
0
3,618
–625
2,993
Net result from items at fair value
167
297
412
167
73
26
1,142
–54
1,088
Profit from associated undertakings 
accounted for under the equity method
0
9
0
13
8
91
121
3
124
Other income
6
21
1
21
1
126
176
300
476
Total operating income
3,465
2,225
1,805
1,681
103
257
9,536
–364
9,172
- of which internal transactions1
–518
–236
–469
–15
1,251
–13
0
–
–
Staff costs
–635
–427
–393
–460
–128
–24
–2,067
–931
–2,998
Other expenses
–1,279
–757
–544
–316
140
–14
–2,770
1,204
–1,566
Depreciation, amortisation and ­ 
impair­ment charges of tangible and 
intangible assets
–51
–15
–9
–9
–3
0
–87
–395
–482
Total operating expenses
–1,965
–1,199
–946
–785
9
–38
–4,924
–122
–5,046
Profit before loan losses
1,500
1,026
859
896
112
219
4,612
–486
4,126
Net loan losses
–79
–24
–92
–6
0
21
–180
7
–173
Operating profit
1,421
1,002
767
890
112
240
4,432
–479
3,953
Income tax expense
–341
–240
–184
–205
–24
–58
–1,052
180
–872
Net profit for the year
1,080
762
583
685
88
182
3,380
–299
3,081
Balance sheet 31 Dec 2018, EURbn
Loans to the public2
144
81
49
7
–
1
282
26
308
Deposits and borrowings  
from the public2
68
41
35
9
–
1
154
11
165
1)  IFRS 8 requires information on revenues from transactions between operating segments. Nordea has defined inter-segment revenues as internal interest income  
and expense related to the funding of the operating segments by the internal bank in Group Business Support.
2)  The volumes are only disclosed separate for operating segments if separately reported to the Chief Operating Decision Maker.
3)  Items effecting comparability are generally included in Other Operating segments.
G3.  Segment reporting, cont.

--- Page 411 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
126
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G3.  Segment reporting, cont.
Break-down of Business Banking
Business Banking 
Business Banking Direct
 Business Banking Other1
Total Business Banking 
Income statement, EURm
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
Net interest income 
1,135
1,096
220
209
–3
15
1,352
1,320
Net fee and commission income
475
459
172
164
–32
–45
615
578
Net result from items at fair value
176
289
33
17
1
–9
210
297
Profit from associated undertakings  
accounted for under the equity method
–2
5
0
0
4
4
2
9
Other income
0
1
1
0
19
20
20
21
Total operating income
1,784
1,850
426
390
–11
–15
2,199
2,225
- of which internal transactions
–280
–233
5
–4
0
1
–275
–236
Staff costs
–170
–173
–49
–51
–203
–203
–422
–427
Other expenses
–649
–681
–203
–216
142
140
–710
–757
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment  
charges of tangible and intangible assets
–4
–5
–1
–2
–14
–8
–19
–15
Total operating expenses
–823
–859
–253
–269
–75
–71
–1,151
–1,199
Profit before loan losses
961
991
173
121
–86
–86
1,048
1,026
Net loan losses
–120
–14
–10
–3
–10
–7
–140
–24
Operating profit
841
977
163
118
–96
–93
908
1,002
Income tax expense
–202
–234
–39
–29
23
23
–218
–240
Net profit for the year
639
743
124
89
–73
–70
690
762
Balance sheet 31 Dec, EURbn
Loans to the public
72
70
11
11
–
–
83
81
Deposits and borrowings from the public
31
30
11
11
–
–
42
41
1)  Business Banking Other includes the areas COO, Transaction Banking and Digital Banking.

--- Page 412 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
127
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G3.  Segment reporting, cont.
Break-down of Large Corporates & Institutions
Corporate  
& Investment 
Banking
Financial 
­Institutions 
Group & Inter­
national Banks
Banking  
Russia
Capital Markets 
unallocated
 Large Corporates 
& Institutions 
Other1
Total Large 
­Corporates  
& Institutions
Income statement, EURm
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
Net interest income 
814
845
33
33
42
57
–6
1
–20
–16
863
920
Net fee and commission income
376
396
149
132
8
11
–79
–66
0
–1
454
472
Net result from items at fair value
141
146
146
139
12
8
9
119
0
0
308
412
Profit from associated undertakings 
accounted for under the equity 
method
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
Other income
0
0
0
0
1
0
1
1
–1
0
1
1
Total operating income
1,331
1,387
328
304
63
76
–75
55
–21
–17
1,626
1,805
- of which internal transactions
–342
–306
–31
–42
–50
–54
–34
–56
–7
–11
–464
–469
Staff costs
–74
–98
–10
–10
–18
–21
–201
–214
–53
–50
–356
–393
Other expenses
–412
–407
–231
–208
–14
–19
68
86
25
4
–564
–544
Depreciation, amortisation and 
­impairment charges of tangible  
and intangible assets
0
0
0
0
–3
–2
0
0
–11
–7
–14
–9
Total operating expenses 
–486
–505
–241
–218
–35
–42
–133
–128
–39
–53
–934
–946
Profit before loan losses
845
882
87
86
28
34
–208
–73
–60
–70
692
859
Net loan losses
–307
–43
–1
–1
53
–48
0
0
0
0
–255
–92
Operating profit
538
839
86
85
81
–14
–208
–73
–60
–70
437
767
Income tax expense
–129
–201
–21
–20
–19
3
50
18
14
16
–105
–184
Net profit for the year
409
638
65
65
62
–11
–158
–55
–46
–54
332
583
Balance sheet 31 Dec, EURbn
Loans to the public
48
45
2
2
1
2
–
–
–
–
51
49
Deposits and borrowings from the 
public
24
24
10
10
1
1
–
–
–
–
35
35
1)  Large Corporates & Institutions Other includes the areas International Divisions and COO.
Break-down of Asset & Wealth Management
Private Banking
Asset ­Management
Life & Pensions 
­unallocated
Asset & Wealth Man­
agement Other1
Total Asset & Wealth 
Management
Income statement, EURm
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
Net interest income 
58
77
–2
–3
0
0
–2
–5
54
69
Net fee and commission income
447
444
920
899
310
318
–247
–250
1,430
1,411
Net result from items at fair value
34
32
–2
9
79
127
1
–1
112
167
Profit from associated undertakings 
accounted for under the equity 
method
–
–
–
–
33
13
–
–
33
13
Other income
0
5
7
9
0
11
7
–4
14
21
Total operating income
539
558
923
914
422
469
–241
–260
1,643
1,681
- of which internal transactions
–19
–12
1
1
0
0
–4
–4
–22
–15
Staff costs
–116
–162
–175
–164
–64
–85
–47
–49
–402
–460
Other expenses
–222
–233
–90
–124
–131
–61
122
102
–321
–316
Depreciation, amortisation and 
­impairment charges of tangible  
and intangible assets
0
–1
–4
0
–3
–6
–5
–2
–12
–9
Total operating expenses 
–338
–396
–269
–288
–198
–152
70
51
–735
–785
Profit before loan losses
201
162
654
626
224
317
–171
–209
908
896
Net loan losses
–1
–6
–
–
–
–
–
–
–1
–6
Operating profit
200
156
654
626
224
317
–171
–209
907
890
Income tax expense
–48
–36
–157
–144
–54
–73
41
48
–218
–205
Net profit for the year
152
120
497
482
170
244
–130
–161
689
685
Balance sheet 31 Dec, EURbn
Loans to the public
8
7
–
–
–
–
–
–
8
7
Deposits and borrowings from the 
public
10
9
–
–
–
–
–
–
10
9
1)  Asset & Wealth Management Other includes the areas Savings and COO.

--- Page 413 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
128
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Total operating income split on product groups
EURm
2019
2018
Banking products
5,642
5,811
Capital Markets products
927
931
Savings products & Asset management
1,455
1,440
Life & Pensions
418
468
Other
193
522
Total
8,635
9,172
Banking products consists of three different product types. 
Account products includes account based products such as 
lending, deposits, cards and Netbank services. Transaction prod-
ucts consists of cash management as well as trade and project 
finance services. Financing products includes asset based 
financing through leasing, hire purchase and factoring as well as 
sales to finance partners such as dealers, vendors and retailers. 
Capital Markets products contains financial instruments, or 
arrangements for financial instruments, that are available in 
the financial marketplace, including currencies, commodities, 
stocks and bonds. 
Savings products & Asset management includes Investment 
funds, Discretionary Management, Portfolio Advice, Equity Trad-
ing and Pension Accounts. Investment Funds are a bundled 
product in which the fund company invests in stocks, bonds, 
derivatives or other standardised products on behalf of the 
funds shareholders. Discretionary Management is a service pro-
viding the management of an investment portfolio on behalf of 
the customer and Portfolio Advice is a service provided to sup-
port customers investment decisions. 
Life & Pensions includes life insurance and pension products 
and services.
Geographical information
Total operating  
income, EURm
Assets, EURbn
2019
2018
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Sweden
2,232
2,665
139
144
Finland 
1,726
1,731
127
133
Norway
1,684
1,660
97
86
Denmark
2,447
2,493
177
168
Other 
546
623
15
20
Total
8,635
9,172
555
551
Nordea’s main geographical markets comprise the Nordic 
countries. Revenues and assets are distributed to geographi-
cal areas based on the location of customers’ operations. 
Goodwill is allocated to different countries based on the loca-
tion of the business activities of the acquired entities.
G4.  Net interest income
Interest income
EURm
2019
2018
Interest income calculated using the effective 
interest rate method1
6,399
5,978
Other interest income
1,350
1,447
Negative yield on financial assets
–309
–172
Interest expense
–3,334
–2,902
Negative yield on financial liabilities
212
140
Net interest income
4,318
4,491
1)	 Of which contingent leasing income amounts to EUR 78m (EUR 70m). Contingent 
leasing income at Nordea consists of variable interest rates, excluding the fixed mar-
gin. If the contingent leasing income decreases, there will be an offsetting impact 
from lower funding expenses. Interest income on the net investment in finance leas-
es amounts to EUR 155m (EUR 147m).
G3.  Segment reporting, cont.
Reconciliation between total operating segments and financial statements
Total ­operating 
income, EURm
Operating  
profit, EURm
Loans to 
 the public, EURbn
Deposits and borrowings  
from the public, EURbn
2019
2018
2019
2018
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Total Operating ­segments
9,351
9,536
2,903
4,432
297
282
161
154
Group functions1
–7
25
–222
–141
–
–
–
–
Unallocated items
27
235
–85
140
29
28
9
12
Eliminations
–8
–7
–
–
–
–
–
–
Differences in ­accounting policies2
–728
–617
–483
–478
–3
–2
–1
–1
Total
8,635
9,172
2,113
3,953
323
308
169
165
1)  Consists of Group Business Risk Management, Group People, Group Legal, Group Internal Audit, Chief of staff office, Group Business Support and Group Risk & Compliance.
2)  Impact from different plan exchange rates and internal allocation principles used in the segment reporting.

--- Page 414 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
129
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Interest income calculated using the 
effective interest rate method
EURm
2019
2018
Loans to credit institutions
589
529
Loans to the public
5,345
5,066
Interest-bearing securities
254
274
Yield fees and interest on hedges of assets
211
109
Interest income calculated using  
the effective interest rate method
6,399
5,978
Other interest income
EURm
2019
2018
Loans at fair value to the public
1,177
793
Interest-bearing securities measured at fair 
value
181
210
Yield fees and other interest income on fair 
value assets
–8
444
Other interest income
1,350
1,447
Interest expense
EURm
2019
2018
Deposits by credit institutions
–328
–336
Deposits and borrowings from the public
–523
–457
Debt securities in issue
–2,729
–2,585
Subordinated liabilities
–417
–335
Other interest expenses1
663
811
Interest expense
–3,334
–2,902
1)	 The net interest income from derivatives, measured at fair value, related to Nordea´s 
funding. This can have both a positive and negative impact on other interest expenses, 
for further information see Note G1 “Accounting policies“.
Interest from categories of financial instruments
EURm
2019
2018
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
214
253
Financial assets at amortised cost
5,929
5,675
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss (related to hedging instruments)
–7
–85
Financial assets at fair value through  
profit or loss
1,304
1,410
Financial liabilities at amortised cost
–3,129
–2,879
Financial liabilities at fair value through  
profit or loss
7
117
Net Interest Income 
4,318
4,491
Interest on impaired loans amounted to an insignificant  
portion of interest income.
G5.  Net fee and commission income
EURm
2019
2018
Asset management commissions
1,455
1,440
- of which income
1,748
1,741
- of which expense
–293
–301
Life & Pension
251
258
- of which income
259
290
- of which expense
–8
–32
Deposit Products
23
23
- of which income
23
23
Brokerage, securities issues and corporate finance
157
173
- of which income
368
280
- of which expense
–211
–107
Custody and issuer services
41
49
- of which income
74
90
- of which expense
–33
–41
Payments
307
302
- of which income
413
419
- of which expense
–106
–117
Cards
220
218
- of which income
350
341
- of which expense
–130
–123
Lending Products
429
399
- of which income
458
425
- of which expense
–29
–26
Guarantees
111
116
- of which income
131
133
- of which expense
–20
–17
Other 
17
15
- of which income
107
104
- of which expense
–90
–89
Total
3,011
2,993
Fee income, not included in determining the effective interest 
rate, from financial assets and liabilities not measured at  
fair value through profit or loss amounts to EUR 390m  
(EUR 383m).
Fee income, not included in determining the effective inter-
est rate, from fiduciary activities that result in the holding or 
investing of assets on behalf of customers amounts to  
EUR 2,375m (EUR 2,311m). The corresponding amount for  
fee expenses is EUR –8m (EUR –32m).
G4.  Net interest income, cont.

--- Page 415 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
130
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Break down by Business Areas
EURm, 2019
 Personal 
Banking
 Business 
Banking
Large 
Corporates & 
Institutions
Asset & Wealth 
Management
Group Finance 
Other & 
Elimination
Nordea 
Group
Asset management commissions
179
33
5
1,238
0
0
1,455
Life & Pension
59
27
5
160
0
0
251
Deposit Products
9
13
1
0
0
0
23
Brokerage, securities issues and corporate finance
23
29
75
33
0
–3
157
Custody and issuer services
6
5
36
3
–7
–2
41
Payments
83
160
69
1
1
–7
307
Cards
149
48
13
1
0
9
220
Lending Products
139
133
154
3
0
0
429
Guarantees
9
36
66
0
0
0
111
Other 
16
10
20
–23
1
–7
17
Total
672
494
444
1,416
–5
–10
3,011
EURm, 2018
 Personal 
Banking
 Business 
Banking
Large 
Corporates & 
Institutions
Asset & Wealth 
Management
Group Finance 
Other & 
Elimination
Nordea 
Group
Asset management commissions
179
37
11
1,213
0
0
1,440
Life & Pension
60
24
4
170
0
0
258
Deposit Products
10
11
2
0
0
0
23
Brokerage, securities issues and corporate finance
25
20
102
31
–2
–3
173
Custody and issuer services
8
7
36
9
–10
–1
49
Payments
89
164
53
–1
1
–4
302
Cards
170
35
12
1
0
0
218
Lending Products
117
101
179
1
0
1
399
Guarantees
7
40
71
0
0
–2
116
Other 
21
18
3
–15
–4
–8
15
Total
686
457
473
1,409
–15
–17
2,993
G6.  Net result from items at fair value
EURm
2019
2018
Equity related instruments
734
226
Interest related instruments and foreign 
exchange gains/losses
110
684
Other financial instruments  
(including credit and commodities)
103
55
Life insurance 1,2
77
123
Total
1,024
1,088
1)	 Internal transactions not eliminated against other lines in the Note. The line Life 
insurance consequently provides the true impact from the Life insurance operations.
2)	Premium income amounts to EUR 394m (EUR 840m).
Break-down of life insurance
EURm
2019
2018
Equity related instruments
1,571
–515
Interest related instruments and foreign 
exchange gains/losses
283
–65
Investment properties
123
125
Change in technical provisions
–1,794
20
Change in collective bonus potential
–139
512
Insurance risk income
66
91
Insurance risk expense
–33
–45
Total
77
123
Net result from ­categories of financial instruments 
EURm
2019
2018
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
90
–45
Financial assets designated at fair value  
through profit or loss
199
–41
Financial liabilities designated at fair value  
through profit or loss
–5,167
1,385
Financial assets and liabilities mandatorily  
at fair value through profit or loss1
7,651
–1,885
Financial assets at amortised cost2
206
104
Financial liabilities at amortised cost
–732
315
Foreign exchange gains/losses  
excluding currency hedges
94
512
Non-financial assets and liabilities
–1,317
743
Total
1,024
1,088
1)  Of which amortised deferred day one profit amounts to EUR 41m (EUR 39m).
2)  Gain or loss recognised in the income statement arising from derecognition of finan-
cial assets measured at amortised cost amounts to EUR 65m (EUR 53m) of which 
EUR 65m (EUR 53m) is gains and EUR 0m (EUR 0m) is losses. The reason for 
derecognition is that the assets have been prepaid by the customer or sold.
G5.  Net fee and commission income, cont.

--- Page 416 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
131
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G8.  Staff costs, cont. 
G7.  Other operating income
EURm
2019
2018
Divestments of shares1
138
385
Income from real estate
3
2
Sale of tangible and intangible assets
9
9
Other
82
80
Total
232
476
1)	 2019: Gain related to sale of LR Realkredit EUR 138m. 2018: Gain related to sale of 
Nordea Liv & Pension Denmark EUR 262m, gain related to divestment of UC EUR 
87m and sale of Ejendomme EUR 36m.
Remuneration to the Board of ­Directors1 
EUR
2019
2018
Chairman of the Board:
Torbjörn Magnusson6
267,000
–
Björn Wahlroos4
80,088 
320,045
Vice Chairman of the Board:
Kari Jordan5
128,250
–
Lars G Nordström4
42,725 
180,323
Other Board members2:
Pernille Erenbjerg
146,638
121,434 
Nigel Hinshelwood
181,300
120,818 
Petra von Hoeken5
116,250
–
Robin Lawther
134,750
127,879 
Torbjörn Magnusson6
30,388
91,552 
John Maltby5
116,250
–
Sarah Russell
151,400
140,467 
Silvija Seres4
30,388
121,435 
Kari Stadigh3
–
34,566 
Birger Steen
173,900
140,467 
Maria Varsellona
124,138
121,434 
Lars Wollung3
–
29,882 
Total
1,723,465
1,550,302
1)	 Board remuneration consists of a fixed annual fee and a fixed annual fee for  
committee work. Any benefits are included at taxable values. 
2)	Employee representatives excluded.
3)	Resigned as member of the Board as from the AGM 2018.
4)	Resigned as member of the Board as from the AGM 2019.
5)	New member of the Board as from the AGM 2019.
6)	Elected as Chairman of the Board as from the AGM 2019
Remuneration for the Board of Directors, 
the CEO and Group Leadership Team 
Board remuneration
The Annual General Meeting (AGM) 2019 decided on annual 
remuneration for the Board of Directors (the Board), for the 
Chairman amounting to EUR 300,000, for the Deputy Chair-
man EUR 145,000 and for other members to EUR 95,000. 
In addition, the annual remuneration paid for board com-
mittee work on the Board Operations and Sustainability Com-
mittee, the Board Audit Committee and the Board Risk Com-
mittee amounts to EUR 60,000 for the committee chairmen 
and EUR 30,000 for the other members. Remuneration for 
board committee work on the Board Remuneration Commit-
tee amounts to EUR 42,000 for the committee chairman and 
EUR 26,000 for the other members. 
Separate remuneration is not paid to members who are 
employees of the Nordea Group. 
Nordea covers or reimburses all direct expenses for the 
members of the Board of Directors, including travel, logistics 
and accommodation, related to board work.
There are no commitments for severance pay, pension or 
other remuneration for the members of the Board at 31 
December 2019.
G8.  Staff costs
EURm
2019
2018
Salaries and remuneration (specification below)1
–2,370
–2,361
Pension costs (specification below)
–269
–292
Social security ­contributions
–452
–434
Other staff costs2
74
89
Total 
–3,017
–2,998
Salaries and remuneration
To executives3
- Fixed compensation and benefits
–19
–22
- Performance-related compensation
–7
–11
Total
–26
–33
To other employees
–2,344
–2,328
Total
–2,370
–2,361
1)  Of which allocation to profit sharing 2019 EUR 10m (EUR 57m), consisting of a new 
allocation of EUR 22m (EUR 46m) and an adjustment related to prior years of EUR 
12m (EUR 10m). 
2)  Including capitalisation of IT project with EUR 166m (EUR 190m).
3)  Executives include the Board of Directors (including deputies), CEO, deputy CEO, 
executive vice presidents and Group Leadership Team in the parent company as well 
as the Board of Directors (including deputies), managing directors and executive 
vice presidents in operating group undertakings. Former board members (including 
deputies), CEOs, deputy CEOs, managing directors and executive vice presidents, in 
the parent company and operating subsidiaries, are also included. Executives 
amount to 137 (130) individuals.
Pension costs1
EURm
2019
2018
Defined benefits plans (Note G34)2
–37
–43
Defined contribution plans
–232
–249
Total
–269
–292
1)  Pension cost for executives, as defined in footnote 3 above, amounts to  
EUR 4m (EUR 3m) and pension obligations to EUR 8m (EUR 13m).
2)  Excluding social security contributions. Including social security contributions  
EUR 46m (EUR 54m).

--- Page 417 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
132
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Remuneration to the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Group Leadership Team (GLT)
Fixed salary1
GLT Executive Incentive 
Programme2
Benefits1
Total
EUR
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
Chief Executive Officer:
Frank Vang-Jensen3
408,314
–
158,416
–
 7,844
–
574,574
–
Casper von Koskull4
958,339
1,334,678
229,145
691,000
 50,509
92,571
1,237,993
2,118,249
Interim Deputy Managing Director:
Jussi Koskinen5
131,729
–
59,905
–
4,414
–
 196,048
–
Group Chief Operating Officer and  
Deputy Chief Executive Officer:
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen6
877,633
1,258,392
214,972
775,699
 43,921
58,399
1,136,526
2,092,490
Group Leadership Team:
9 (9) individuals excluding CEO and Interim 
 Deputy Managing Director7
5,232,982
5,600,291
1,454,983
3,298,847
86,786
86,987
6,774,751
8,986,125
Total
7,608,997
8,193,361
2,117,421
4,765,546
193,474
237,957
9,919,892 13,196,864
Former Chief Executive Officer:
Casper von Koskull
417,852
–
109,470
–
18,649
–
545,971
–
Former Group Chief Operating Officer and 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer:
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen
302,702
–
–
–
833
–
303,535
–
Total8
8,329,551
8,193,361
2,226,891
4,765,546
212,956
237,957
10,769,398 13,196,864
1)  The fixed salary is paid in local currencies and converted to EUR based on the average 
exchange rate each year. The fixed salary includes holiday pay and car allowance where 
applicable. Benefits are included at taxable values after salary deductions (if any).
2)  Up until 2012 the CEO and members of GLT were offered a Variable Salary Part (VSP) 
and a share-based Long Term Incentive Programme (LTIP). Since 2013, an Executive 
Incentive Programme (formerly GEM EIP, now GLT EIP) was offered. The outcome from 
GLT EIP 2019 has been expensed in full in 2019 but will be paid out over a five-year 
deferral period with forfeiture clauses compliant to remuneration regulations. Part of 
the GLT EIP 2019 deferred outcome is delivered in Nordea shares (excluding dividends), 
with a post-deferral one-year retention period.
3)  The annual fixed base salary of Frank Vang-Jensen as CEO was EUR 1,250,000 in 2019. 
Benefits included primarily car benefits, amounting to EUR 7,293. Frank Vang-Jensen 
took up the position as CEO on 5 September 2019.
4)  The annual fixed base salary to Casper von Koskull as CEO was EUR 1,354,462 in 2019. 
Benefits included primarily housing benefits and tax consultation, amounting to EUR 
45,370. Casper von Koskull stepped down as CEO on 5 September 2019.
5)  The annual fixed base salary to Jussi Koskinen as Interim Deputy Managing Director 
was EUR 450,000 in 2019. Benefits included primarily car benefits, amounting to EUR 
4,059. Jussi Koskinen took up the position as Interim Deputy Managing Director on 10 
September 2019.
6)  The annual fixed base salary to Torsten Hagen Jørgensen as Group COO and Deputy 
CEO was DKK 8,560,000 (EUR 1,146,516) in 2019. In addition, car and holiday allowance 
paid amount to DKK 608,053 (EUR 81,442). Benefits included primarily housing ben-
efits, amounting to EUR 41,846. Torsten Hagen Jørgensen stepped down as Group COO 
and Deputy CEO by 10 September 2019.
7)  Remuneration to other GLT members is included for the period they have been appoint-
ed and eligible for GLT EIP 2019. Two GLT members left Nordea during 2019, one on 8 
May 2019 and one on 10 September 2019. Two new GLT members were appointed on 17 
December 2019.
8)  Severance pay committed during 2019 to the five executives leaving Nordea amounts 
to EUR 2,427,212, of which EUR 0 is to the former CEO. Total remuneration to be paid in 
2020 during the notice period to the five executives after leaving Nordea amounts to 
EUR 3,547,455, of which EUR 1,540,425 is to the former CEO and includes fixed salary, 
pension cost and benefits. These provisions are not included in the above table.
Long Term Incentive Programmes (LTIP) 2012
LTIP 2012 was fully expensed in May 2015. All shares in LTIP 
2012 are fully vested and consequently not conditional. 60% 
of the vested shares were deferred with forfeiture clauses in 
line with regulatory requirements and allotted over a five-
year period, for LTIP 2012 starting May 2015. See also the sep-
arate Remuneration section on page 56 for more details. The 
numbers of outstanding shares are presented as of 31 Decem-
ber 2019. 
No current GLT members have outstanding LTIP shares.
Salary and benefits
The BRC prepares alterations in salary levels and outcome of 
the GLT Executive Incentive Programme (GLT EIP) as well as 
other changes in the remuneration package for the Chief 
Executive Officer (CEO), the Interim Deputy Managing Direc-
tor and the other members of Group Leadership Team (GLT), 
for resolution by the Board. 
GLT EIP 2019, which is based on specific targets, could be  
a maximum of 100% of fixed base salary. In accordance with 
remuneration regulations 40% of the GLT EIP 2019 will be 
paid out in 2020, 30% will be deferred to 2023 and 30% to 
2025. In line with regulatory requirements, 50% of the GLT 
EIP 2019 outcome is delivered in Nordea shares, which are 
subject to retention for 12 months when the deferral period 
ends. 
Benefits included primarily car benefits, tax consultation 
and housing. 
Members of the GLT are indemnified for legal expenses 
incurred in relation to legal advice in defending or disputing 
certain claims or investigations from third parties, excluding 
crimes or actions made with intent or gross negligence. For 
each GLT member, the indemnity is capped at an aggregate 
amount of EUR 37.5m, unless the Board of Directors decides 
otherwise on a case-by-case basis. The indemnity is second-
ary to any other insurance coverage.
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) from 5 September 2019 
Frank Vang-Jensen was appointed CEO on 5 September 2019. 
Remuneration for the CEO consists of three components: 
G8.  Staff costs, cont. 
Number of outstanding shares
LTIP 2012
Former Chief Executive Officers (former CEOs):
Christian Clausen
15,075
Casper von Koskull
10,620
Former Group Chief Operating Officer and Deputy Chief 
Executive Officer (former Group COO and Deputy CEO):
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen
9,848
Total
35,543

--- Page 418 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
133
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Fixed salary, the GLT Executive Incentive Programme (GLT 
EIP) and benefits. 
The annual fixed base salary for the CEO was decided to 
be EUR 1,250,000 as of 5 September 2019.
The GLT EIP 2019 was based on specific targets and could 
amount to a maximum of 100% of fixed base salary. For 2019, 
as CEO, the outcome of the GLT EIP amounted to EUR 
158,416.
The benefits for 2019 amounted to EUR 7,844 and include 
primarily car benefits. 
Total earned remuneration for 2019, as CEO, based on the 
three components (excluding pension) amounted to EUR 
574,574.
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) until 5 September 2019
Casper von Koskull was appointed CEO on 1 November 2015 
and stepped down on 5 September 2019. Remuneration until 
5 September 2019 for the CEO consisted of three compo-
nents: Fixed salary, the GLT Executive Incentive Programme 
(GLT EIP) and benefits. 
The annual fixed base salary as CEO was decided to be 
EUR 1,354,462 as from 1 January 2019.
The GLT EIP 2019 was based on specific targets and can 
amount to a maximum of 100% of fixed base salary. For 2019 
the outcome of the GLT EIP amounted to EUR 229,145. The out-
come is pro-rata reflecting the period until 5 September 2019.
The benefits for 2019 amounted to EUR 50,509 and includ-
ed primarily housing benefits and tax consultation. 
The total earned remuneration for 2019, as CEO, based on 
the three components (excluding pension) amounted to EUR 
1,237,993.
The CEO took part in past LTIPs until 2012. For more infor-
mation on LTIP see the separate section on remuneration in 
the Board of Directors’ report and above. 
Interim Deputy Managing Director from 10 September 2019
Jussi Koskinen was appointed Interim Deputy Managing 
Director on 10 September 2019. Remuneration for the Interim 
Deputy Managing Director consisted of three components: 
Fixed salary, the GLT Executive Incentive Programme (GLT 
EIP) and benefits. 
The annual fixed base salary, as Interim Deputy Managing 
Director, was EUR 450,000 including holiday allowance as of 
10 September 2019.
The GLT EIP 2019 was based on specific targets and can 
amount to a maximum of 100% of fixed base salary. For 2019 
the outcome of the GLT EIP amounted to EUR 59,905. 
The benefits for 2019 amounted to EUR 4,414 and included 
primarily car benefits.
The total earned remuneration for 2019, as Interim Deputy 
Managing Director, based on the three components (exclud-
ing pension) amounted to EUR 196,048.
Group Chief Operating Officer and Deputy 
Chief Executive Officer (Group COO and 
Deputy CEO) until 10 September 2019
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen was appointed Group COO and 
Deputy CEO on 1 November 2015 and stepped down on 10 
September 2019. Remuneration for the Group COO and Depu-
ty CEO consisted of three components: Fixed salary, the GLT 
EIP and benefits. 
The annual fixed base salary as Group COO and Deputy 
CEO for 2019 was decided to be DKK 8,560,000 (EUR 
1,146,516).
The GLT EIP 2019 was based on specific targets and can 
amount to a maximum of 100% of fixed base salary. For 2019 
the outcome of the GLT EIP amounted to EUR 214,972. The 
outcome is pro-rata reflecting the period until 10 September 
2019.
The benefits for 2019 amounted to EUR 43,921 and includ-
ed primarily housing benefits. 
The total earned remuneration for 2019, as Group COO and 
Deputy CEO, based on the three components (excluding pen-
sion) amounted to EUR 1,136,526.
The Group COO and Deputy CEO took part in past LTIPs 
until 2012. For more information on the LTIPs, see the sepa-
rate section on remuneration in the Board of Directors’ report 
and above. 
Former Chief Executive Officer (former 
CEO) from 5 September 2019
Remuneration for the former CEO consisted of three compo-
nents: Fixed salary, the GLT Executive Incentive Programme 
(GLT EIP) and benefits. Total earned remuneration for 2019, 
as Former CEO, based on the three components (excluding 
pension) amounted to EUR 545,971.
Former Group Chief Operating Officer and Deputy 
Chief Executive Officer (former Group COO and 
Deputy CEO) from 10 September 2019
Remuneration for the former Group COO and deputy CEO 
consisted of three components: Fixed salary, the GLT Execu-
tive Incentive Programme (GLT EIP) and benefits. Total 
earned remuneration for 2019, as former Group COO and 
Deputy CEO, based on the three components (excluding pen-
sion) amounted to EUR 303,535
Pension 
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) from 5 September 2019
The CEO is covered by a defined contribution plan from 5 
September 2019. The pension contribution was 30% of the 
fixed base salary.
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) until 5 September 2019
During the period 1 January 2019 to 5 September 2019 the 
CEO was covered by the Finnish statutory pension scheme 
and in addition had a defined contribution plan correspond-
ing to 8.5% of fixed salary. According to the statutory pension 
rules the part of the GLT EIP 2019 outcome paid or retained in 
2020 is included in pensionable income.
Interim Deputy Managing Director from 10 September 2019
The Interim Deputy Managing Director is covered by the 
Finnish statutory pension scheme. According to the statutory 
pension rules the part of the GLT EIP 2019 outcome paid or 
retained in 2020 is included in pensionable income.
Group Chief Operating Officer and Deputy 
Chief Executive Officer (Group COO and 
Deputy CEO) until 10 September 2019
The Group COO and Deputy CEO had a defined contribution 
plan. The pension contribution was 30% of fixed base salary.
Former Chief Executive Officer (former 
CEO) from 5 September 2019
During the period 5 September 2019 to 31 December 2019  
the former CEO was covered by the Finnish statutory pension 
scheme and in addition had a defined contribution plan cor-
responding to 8.5% of fixed salary.
G8.  Staff costs, cont.

--- Page 419 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
134
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Pension expense and pension obligation
2019
2018
EUR
Pension expense1
Pension obligation2
Pension expense1
Pension obligation2
Chief Executive Officer (CEO):
Frank Vang-Jensen
122,494
–
–
–
Casper von Koskull
74,620
–
313,663
357,936
Group Chief Operating Officer and Deputy Chief Executive Officer 
(Group COO and Deputy CEO):
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen
238,857
–
344,546
–
Group Leadership Team (GLT):
9 (9) individuals excluding CEO and Interim Deputy Managing 
Director3
905,302
1,004,303
872,073
777,583
Board members:4
Lars G Nordström
–
–
–
312,465
Total
1,341,273
1,004,303
1,530,282
1,447,984
Former Chairman of the Board, former CEOs and Deputy CEOs:
Vesa Vainio5
–
5,118,594
–
4,844,682
Lars G Nordström
–
313,010
–
–
Casper von Koskull6
35,026
399,536
–
–
Torsten Hagen Jørgensen7
96,893
–
–
–
Total
1,473,192
6,835,443
1,530,282
6,292,666
1)	 The pension expense is related to pension premiums paid under defined contribution 
agreements and pension rights earned during the year under defined benefit agree-
ments (Current service cost and Past service cost and settlements as defined in IAS 19). 
Of the total pension expense EUR 1,436,414 (EUR 1,471,537) relates to defined contribu-
tion agreements. Contributions to the Finnish statutory pension schemes are reported 
as part of the social charges and thus excluded from the above disclosure. 
2)	The pension obligation (value of defined benefit pension plan liabilities) is calculated in 
accordance with IAS 19. The obligation is dependent on changes in actuarial assump-
tions and inter-annual variations can therefore be significant. IAS 19 includes an 
assumption about future increases in salary, so that the pension obligations disclosed 
are the earned pension rights calculated using the expected salary levels at retirement. 
The pension plans are funded, meaning that these obligations are backed with plan 
assets with fair value generally on a similar level as the obligations. 
3)	Members of GLT included for the period they are appointed. The pension obligation is 
the value of pension liabilities toward three Swedish GLT members on 31 December 
2019.
4)	Employee representatives excluded. The pension obligation is in accordance with the 
collective pension agreement BTP2 and earned during the employment period for one 
Swedish board member. 
5)	The pension obligation is mainly due to defined benefit pension rights earned at, and 
funded by, banks forming Nordea. The increase compared to 2018 is mainly due to 
lower interest rates applied in the valuation.
6)	The pension obligation is in accordance with the collective pension agreement BTP2  
in Sweden and earned from 5 September to 31 December 2019.
7)	The pension contribution is in accordance with the agreed terms and conditions for  
the period from 10 September to 31 December 2019.
G8.  Staff costs, cont. 
Former Group Chief Operating Officer and Deputy 
Chief Executive Officer (former Group COO and 
Deputy CEO) from 10 September 2019
During the notice period the former Group COO and Deputy 
CEO had a defined contribution plan. The pension contribu-
tion was 30% of fixed base salary.
Group Leadership Team (GLT)
The pension agreements for the other seven GLT members 
vary according to local country practices. Pension agreements 
are defined contribution plans or a combination of defined 
contribution and defined benefit plans. 
As of 31 December 2019, three members had pensions in 
accordance with the Swedish collective agreement, one in 
BTP1 (defined contribution plan) and two in BTP2 (defined 
benefit plan), with complementing defined contribution plans 
on top of the collective agreement. The pension contribution 
was in total 30% of fixed salary. 
One member had a defined contribution plan in accor-
dance with local practices in Denmark. The pension contribu-
tion is in total 30% of fixed base salary. 
One member was covered by the Finnish statutory pension 
scheme and in addition had a defined contribution plan cor-
responding to 8.5% of fixed salary.
Two members do not have a pension agreement with 
Nordea.
Notice period and severance pay
In accordance with the employment contract the CEO has a 
notice period of 12 months and Nordea a notice period of 12 
months. The CEO has severance pay equal to 12 months’ sal-
ary, to be reduced by any salary he receives from other 
employment during these 12 months.
The Interim Deputy Managing Director and seven GLT 
members have a notice period of six months and Nordea a 
notice period of 12 months. Severance pay of up to 12 months’ 
salary is provided to be reduced by any salary the executive 
receives from other employment during the severance pay 
period. 
Additional disclosures on remuneration 
The Board of Directors report includes a separate section on 
remuneration, page 56. Additional disclosures for all Nordea 
employees will be published in a separate report on www.
nordea.com no later than one week before the Annual Gen-
eral Meeting on 25 March 2020.

--- Page 420 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
135
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Long Term Incentive Programmes
2019 
2018
Matching Share
Performance 
Share I
Performance 
Share II
Matching Share
Performance 
Share I
Performance 
Share II
Rights LTIP 2012
Outstanding at the beginning of the year
69,305
207,915
69,305
147,251
441,753
147,251
Granted1
6,925
20,775
6,925
11,576
34,728
11,576
Forfeited
–
–
–
–
–
–
Allotted
–38,115
–114,345
–38,115
–89,522
–268,566
–89,522
Outstanding at end of year2
38,115
114,345
38,115
69,305
207,915
69,305
- of which currently exercisable
–
–
–
–
–
–
Rights LTIP 2011
Outstanding at the beginning of year 
40,794
68,160
18,357
75,642
126,385
34,038
Granted1
4,072
6,803
1,832
5,946
9,935
2,676
Forfeited
–
–
–
–
–
–
Allotted
–44,866
–74,963
–20,189
–40,794
–68,160
–18,357
Outstanding at end of year2
0
0
0
40,794
68,160
18,357
- of which currently exercisable
–
–
–
–
–
–
Rights LTIP 2010
Outstanding at the beginning of year 
0
0
0
19,193
20,275
8,634
Forfeited
–
–
–
–
–
–
Allotted
–
–
–
–19,193
–20,275
–8,634
Outstanding at end of year2
0
0
0
0
0
0
- of which currently exercisable
–
–
–
–
–
–
1)  Granted rights are compensation for dividend on the underlying Nordea share during the year.
2)  Allotment of rights have been deferred following retention requirements by the Nordic FSAs. There is no exercise price for the deferred rights. 
Loans to key management personnel
Loans to key management personnel, as defined in Note G1 
section 28, amount to EUR 2m (EUR 5m). Interest income on 
these loans amounts to EUR 0m (EUR 0m).
For key management personnel who are employed by 
Nordea the same credit terms apply as for other employees. 
In Finland the employee interest rate for loans corresponds to 
Nordea's funding cost with a margin of 30 basis points. In 
Denmark the employee interest rate for loans is variable and 
was 2.25% at 31 December 2019. In Norway the employee 
interest rate for loans is variable and was 2.30% at 31 Decem-
ber 2019. In Sweden the employee interest rate on fixed and 
variable interest rate loans is 215 basis points lower than the 
corresponding interest rate for external customers (with a 
lower limit of 50 basis points). There is currently a cap of 50 
Swedish price base amounts both on fixed and variable inter-
est rate loans. For interest on loans above the defined caps, 
the same terms apply as for premium customers. Loans to 
family members of key management personnel are granted 
on normal market terms, as well as loans to key management 
personnel who are not employed by Nordea.
Long Term Incentive Programmes
LTIP 2012 was fully expensed in May 2015. All shares in LTIP 
2012 are fully vested and consequently not conditional. 60% 
of the vested shares were deferred with forfeiture clauses in 
line with regulatory requirements and allotted over a five-
year period, for LTIP 2012 starting May 2015. See also the sep-
arate Remuneration section on page 56 for more details. The 
numbers of outstanding shares are presented as of 31 Decem-
ber 2019.
Share-based payment transactions
From 2019, Nordea operates deferrals in financial instruments 
on parts of variable remuneration for certain employee cat-
egories. Parts of variable remuneration are deferred for deliv-
ery after three years or deferred for delivery in equal instal-
ments over a three to five year period. Once financial instru-
ments are no longer in deferral, a retention period for certain 
employee categories is applied. Since 2011 and until 2018, 
Nordea operated share-linked deferrals as well as retention 
on parts of variable remuneration through the use indexation 
with Nordea’s Total Shareholder Return (TSR) for certain 
employee categories. Due to that the allocation of variable 
compensation is not finally decided during the current year, 
the deferred amount during the year in the table below relates 
to variable compensation earned the previous year.
In addition, in 2013 Nordea introduced the Executive Incen-
tive Programme (“EIP”) which aims to strengthen Nordea’s 
capability to recruit, motivate and retain selected people 
leaders and key employees outside of GLT, and aims to 
reward strong performance. The aim is also to further stimu-
late these people whose efforts have direct impact on 
Nordea’s result, profitability and long term value growth. The 
EIP rewards performance meeting agreed predetermined tar-
gets on Group, business unit and individual level. The effect 
on the long term result is to be considered when determining 
the targets. The EIP shall not exceed the fixed salary. The EIP 
for 2019 shall be paid in the form of cash and financial instru-
ments and be subject to deferral, forfeiture clauses and reten-
tion in line with relevant remuneration regulations. Deferred 
EIP awards are normally delivered pro-rata during the defer-
ral period. There are no vesting conditions for the pro-
gramme, but forfeitures and clawbacks are possible under 
certain conditions. Participation in the programme is offered 
to up to 400 selected people leaders and key employees, 
G8.  Staff costs, cont.

--- Page 421 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
136
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Average number of employees, Full-time equivalents
Total
Men
Women
2019
2018
2019
2018
2019
2018
Denmark 
7,904
8,505
4,560
4,826
3,344
3,679
Sweden
6,712
7,055
3,294
3,494
3,418
3,561
Finland
6,368
6,459
2,448
2,404
3,920
4,055
Norway
2,952
2,962
1,599
1,598
1,353
1,364
Poland
4,006
2,980
2,274
1,636
1,732
1,344
Russia
335
396
123
148
212
248
Estonia
432
253
142
78
290
175
Luxembourg
254
434
141
245
113
189
United States
116
116
56
56
60
60
Singapore
64
75
28
32
36
43
United Kingdom
54
58
31
35
23
23
Germany
45
44
27
26
18
18
China
29
29
12
12
17
17
Switzerland
5
10
4
5
1
5
Italy
10
9
7
6
3
3
Spain
6
5
3
3
3
2
Brazil
0
2
0
2
–
–
France
3
3
3
3
–
–
Chile
3
–
2
–
1
–
Belgium
2
–
2
–
–
–
Total average
29,300
29,395
14,756
14,609
14,544
14,786
Total number of employees (FTEs), end of period
29,000
28,990
except for members of GLT who were instead offered a GLT 
EIP (further information about the GLT EIP can be found in 
the Remuneration section in the Board of Director’s Report), 
within the Nordea Group. The EIP is offered instead of 
Nordea’s LTIP and VSP for the employees invited. The alloca-
tion of the EIP 2019 is decided during spring 2020. A provision 
of EUR 20m excl. social costs is made 2019 for the cash set-
tled part. The same amount was recognised as an expense in 
the income statement for the equity settled part and as an 
increase in equity in the balance sheet.
The table below only includes deferred amounts indexed 
with Nordea TSR. The EIP has been included as from 2014, 
when deferred. Further information regarding all deferred 
amounts can be found in the separate report on remuneration 
published on Nordea’s homepage (www.nordea.com).
Share linked deferrals
EURm
2019
2018
Opening balance
89
109
Deferred/earned during the year
40
45
TSR indexation during the year
–11
–15
Payments during the year
–44
–49
Translation differences
–
–1
Closing balance
74
89
Gender distribution
In the parent company's Board of Directors, of the AGM 
elected Board members, 50% (50%) were men and 50% 
(50%) were women. In the Board of Directors of the Nordea 
Group companies, 68% (70%) were men and 32% (30%) 
were women. The corresponding numbers for other execu-
tives were 74% (72%) men and 26% (28%) women. Internal 
Boards consist mainly of management in Nordea, the 
employee representatives excluded.
G8.  Staff costs, cont.

--- Page 422 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
137
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G9.  Other expenses
EURm
2019
2018
Information technology 
–530
–484
Marketing and representation
–59
–60
Postage, transportation, telephone  
and office expenses
–66
–83
Rents, premises and real estate
–150
–312
Resolution fee
–211
–167
Other
–623
–460
Total
–1,639
–1,566
Auditors’ fees 
EURm
2019
2018
PricewaterhouseCoopers
Auditing assignments
–9
–10
Audit-related services1
–1
–1
Tax advisory services
–
0
Other assignments1
–1
–1
Total
–11
–12
1)	 Of which Audit-related services EUR 0.1m (EUR 0.1m) and Other assignments  
EUR 0.4m (EUR 0.5m) to PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy.
G10.  Depreciation, amortisation 
and impairment charges of 
tangible and intangible assets
EURm
2019
2018
Depreciation/amortisation
Properties and equipment
–275
–113
Intangible assets 
–283
–194
Total
–558
–307
Impairment charges
Properties and equipment
–27
–
Intangible assets 
–745
–175
Total
–772
–175
Total
–1,330
–482
G11.  Net loan losses
EURm, 2019
Loans to central 
banks and credit 
institutions2
Loans to the 
public2
Interest- 
bearing 
securities
Off balance 
sheet items3
Total
Net loan losses, stage 1
2
–6
1
–15
–18
Net loan losses, stage 2
6
–46
0
–29
–69
Net loan losses, non-defaulted
8
–52
1
–44
–87
Stage 3, defaulted
Net loan losses, individually assessed, collectively calculated1
1
–48
–
–1
–48
Realised loan losses
–
–443
–
–9
–452
Decrease of provisions to cover realised loan losses
–
312
–
9
321
Recoveries on previous realised loan losses
1
46
–
–
47
Reimbursement right
–
–
–
3
3
New/increase in provisions 
–
–555
–
–16
–571
Reversals of provisions
–
223
–
28
251
Net loan losses, defaulted
2
–465
0
14
–449
Net loan losses
10
–517
1
–30
–536
EURm, 2018
Loans to central 
banks and credit 
institutions2
Loans to the 
public2
Interest- 
bearing 
securities
Off balance 
sheet items3
Total
Net loan losses, stage 1
3
–14
0
–5
–16
Net loan losses, stage 2
10
51
0
–10
51
Net loan losses, non-defaulted
13
37
0
–15
35
Stage 3, defaulted
Net loan losses, individually assessed, collectively calculated1
3
–47
–
–1
–45
Realised loan losses
–1
–465
–
–13
–479
Decrease of provisions to cover realised loan losses
–
280
–
13
293
Recoveries on previous realised loan losses
2
42
–
–
44
New/increase in provisions 
–
–494
–
–60
–554
Reversals of provisions
0
456
–
77
533
Net loan losses, defaulted
4
–228
–
16
–208
Net loan losses
17
–191
0
1
–173
1)  Includes individually identified assets for which the provision has been calculated based on statistical models.
2)  Provisions included in Note G14 “Loans and impairment“.
3)  Provisions included in G33 “Provisions”.

--- Page 423 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
138
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G12.  Taxes
Income tax expense
EURm
2019
2018
Current tax
–1,051
–891
Deferred tax
480
19
Total
–571
–872
For current and deferred tax recognised in Other comprehen-
sive income, see Statement of comprehensive income.
The tax on the Group’s operating profit differs from the 
theoretical amount that would arise using the tax rate in  
Finland as follows:
EURm
2019
2018
Profit before tax
2,113
3,953
Tax calculated at a tax rate of 20.0%
–423
–791
Effect of different tax rates in other countries
–61
–197
Interest on subordinated debt
–24
–18
Income from associated undertakings
–18
22
Tax-exempt income
53
158
Non-deductible expenses
–46
–30
Adjustments relating to prior years
–26
17
Utilisation and origination of unrecognised tax 
assets
–57
0
Change of tax rate
–2
10
Effect of outside basis differences
49
0
Not creditable foreign taxes
–16
–43
Tax charge
–571
–872
Average effective tax rate
27%
22%
Deferred tax
Deferred  
tax assets
Deferred  
tax liabilities
EURm
31 Dec 
2019
31 Dec 
2018
31 Dec 
2019
31 Dec 
2018
Deferred tax related to:
Tax losses carry-forward
118
105
–
–
Loans to the public
74
36
387
363
Derivatives
126
2
28
355
Intangible assets
0
3
94
63
Investment properties
0
–
4
34
Retirement benefit  
assets/obligations
126
39
46
30
Liabilities/provisions
160
66
56
32
Foreign tax credits
225
101
193
–
Other
11
7
26
24
Netting between deferred 
tax assets and liabilities
–353
–195
–353
–195
Total
487
164
481
706
The Nordea Group has EUR 487m (EUR 164m) deferred tax 
assets on the balance sheet at the end of 2019. The recogni-
tion of deferred tax assets is based on an assessment of the 
probability and amount of future taxable profits and on future 
reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, which 
include estimation uncertainty. The estimation uncertainties 
that are assessed to pose significant risks of resulting in 
material adjustments to the carrying amount of deferred  
tax assets are described below.
The balance includes a gross asset of EUR 104m recog-
nised in relation to Danish tax losses of Nordea Bank Abp. 
These losses can be carried forward with no expiry. Manage-
ment expects the tax losses to be utilised within the next 
three to four years based on estimated taxable profits avail-
able under currently applied capitalisation policies for tax 
purposes, and sooner if the company opts out from recognis-
ing expenses for tax purposes in excess of expenses under 
accounting rules. Furthermore, Nordea Bank Abp's head 
office in Finland has recognised a EUR 225m deferred tax 
asset in relation to unused foreign tax credits that manage-
ment expects to be utilised within the expiry period of five 
years. This expectation is based on estimated future taxable 
profits from foreign operations, reversal of temporary differ-
ences and upfront taxation in Finland of certain types of 
income compared to relevant branch jurisdictions.
Additionally, the Group has unrecognised deferred tax 
assets of EUR 54m (EUR 87m) in relation to tax loss carry for-
wards in various entities as well as EUR 334m (EUR 141m) in 
relation to unused foreign tax credits in Nordea Bank Abp, 
Nordea Investment Management AB and Nordea Funds Ltd. 
Unrecognised deferred tax assets relating to tax losses may 
be recovered in the event of extraordinary taxable income 
arising in the relevant entities. Unrecognised deferred tax 
assets relating to foreign tax credits may be recovered in the 
event of unexpected timing of taxation or tax base between 
head office and branches.
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Unrecognised deferred tax assets
Unused tax losses carry-forward  
with no expirey date
54
87
Unused tax credits
334
141
Total
388
228
G13.  Earnings per share
2019
2018
Earnings:
Profit attributable to shareholders of Nordea 
Bank Abp, EURm
1,519
3,070
Number of shares (in millions):
Number of shares outstanding at  
beginning of year
4,050
4,050
Average number of own shares
–15
–14
Weighted average number of basic shares 
outstanding
4,035
4,036
Adjustment for diluted weighted average 
number of additional ordinary shares 
outstanding1
0
1
Weighted average number of diluted shares 
outstanding
4,035
4,037
Basic earnings per share, EUR 
0.38
0.76
Diluted earnings per share, EUR 
0.38
0.76
1)  Relates to the Long Term Incentive Programmes (LTIP). For further information on 
these programmes, see Note G1 “Accounting policies” section 23.

--- Page 424 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
139
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G14.  Loans and impairment
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Loans measured at fair value through profit and loss
83,624
77,521
Loans measured at amortised cost, not impaired (stage 1 and 2)
254,412
247,204
Impaired loans (stage 3)
4,610
4,581
- of which servicing
2,312
2,097
- of which non-servicing
2,298
2,484
Loans before allowances
342,646
329,306
- of which central banks and credit institutions
17,737
18,977
Allowances for impaired loans (stage 3)
–1,686
–1,599
- of which servicing
–783
–720
- of which non-servicing
–903
–879
Allowances for not impaired loans (stage 1 and 2)
–497
–441
Allowances
–2,183
–2,040
- of which central banks and credit institutions 
–14
–15
Loans, carrying amount
340,463
327,266
Nordea has granted EUR 148bn (EUR 138bn) in mortgage credits. No intermediary credits or public sector credits  
have been granted. 
G15.  Interest-bearing securities
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
State, municipalities and other public bodies
15,528
18,756
Mortgage institutions
25,447
28,077
Other credit institutions
13,372
24,736
Corporates
8,282
4,601
Other
2,301
52
Total
64,930
76,222
Provisions for credit risks amount to EUR 1m (EUR 2m).
G16.  Financial instruments 
pledged as collateral
In repurchase transactions and in securities lending transac-
tions, non-cash assets are transferred as collateral. When the 
counterpart receiving the collateral has the right to sell or 
repledge the assets, the assets are reclassified in the balance 
sheet to the item Financial instruments pledged as collateral.
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Interest-bearing securities
7,151
7,568
Total
7,151
7,568
For information on transferred assets and reverse repos, see 
Note G42 ”Financial instruments set off on balance or subject 
to netting agreements”.
G17.  Shares
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Shares 
3,285
4,407
Fund units, equity related
7,557
5,679
Fund units, interest related
3,342
2,366
Total
14,184
12,452
G18.  Assets and deposits in 
pooled schemes and unit-
linked investment contracts
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Assets
Interest-bearing securities
1,363
1,284
Shares 
29,049
23,076
Properties
307
158
Other assets
80
65
Total
30,799
24,583
Liabilities
Pooled schemes
4,377
3,964
Unit-linked investment contracts
27,482
21,689
Total
31,859
25,653
The Life Group and Nordea Denmark, branch of Nordea Bank 
Abp, have assets and liabilities included on their balance 
sheet for which customers bear the risk. Since the assets and 
liabilities legally belong to the entities, which also carries risks 
and rewards, these assets and liabilities are included on the 
Group’s balance sheet.

--- Page 425 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
140
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Derivatives not used for hedge accounting
Fair value
Total nom. 
amount
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Positive
Negative
Interest rate derivatives
Interest rate swaps
20,077
19,354
3,521,834
FRAs
7
28
1,353,157
Futures and forwards
13
13
126,999
Options
5,308
5,984
378,691
Total
25,405
25,379
5,380,681
Equity derivatives
Equity swaps
68
93
6,399
Futures and forwards
1
35
1,018
Options
221
459
10,325
Total
290
587
17,742
Foreign exchange derivatives
Currency and interest rate swaps
5,735
7,890
417,689
Currency forwards
4,242
5,290
555,046
Options
96
106
16,938
Total
10,073
13,286
989,673
Other derivatives
Credit default swaps (CDS)
1,011
1,026
140,992
Commodity derivatives
0
0
5,284
Other derivatives
5
20
162
Total
1,016
1,046
146,438
Total derivatives not used  
for hedge accounting
36,784
40,298
6,534,534
Fair value
Total nom. 
amount
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Positive
Negative
Interest rate derivatives
Interest rate swaps
17,438
17,476
3,824,871
FRAs
26
8
1,036,172
Futures and forwards
25
27
137,399
Options
5,252
6,025
371,954
Total
22,741
23,536
5,370,396
Equity derivatives
Equity swaps
192
138
10,886
Futures and forwards
4
2
1,255
Options
303
638
15,273
Total
499
778
27,414
Foreign exchange derivatives
Currency and interest rate swaps
5,214
9,076
397,180
Currency forwards
4,807
4,360
625,264
Options
108
116
19,879
Other
0
0
0
Total
10,129
13,552
1,042,323
Other derivatives
Credit default swaps (CDS)
536
756
130,921
Commodity derivatives
0
0
92
Other derivatives
10
2
564
Total
546
758
131,577
Total derivatives not used  
for hedge accounting
33,915
38,624
6,571,710
G19.  Derivatives and 
hedge accounting
Nordea enters into derivatives for trading and risk manage-
ment purposes. Nordea may take positions with the expecta-
tion of profiting from favourable movements in prices, rates or 
indices. The trading portfolio is treated as trading risk for risk 
management purposes. Derivatives held for risk management 
purposes include hedges that either meet the hedge account-
ing requirements or hedges that are economic hedges, but do 
not meet the hedge accounting requirements. The table below 
shows the fair values of derivative financial instruments 
together with their notional amounts. The notional amounts 
indicate the volume of transactions outstanding at the year 
end and are not indicative of either the market or credit risk.
Fair value
Total nom. 
amount
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Positive
Negative
Derivatives not used for hedge 
accounting
36,784
40,298
6,534,534
Fair value hedges1
1,269
1,422
180,547
Cash flow hedges1
1,019
120
22,253
Net investment hedges
39
207
7,358
Total derivatives
39,111
42,047
6,744,692
Fair value
Total nom. 
amount
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Positive
Negative
Derivatives not used for hedge 
accounting
33,915
38,624
6,571,710
Fair value hedges1
1,959
402
160,440
Cash flow hedges1
1,143
437
20,795
Net investment hedges
8
84
8,544
Total derivatives
37,025
39,547
6,761,489
1)  Some cross currency interest rate swaps are used both as fair value hedges and cash 
flow hedges. The nominal amount of these instruments have been split on the rows 
fair value hedges and cash flow hedges in the table above based on the relative fair 
value of these hedging instruments. The total nominal amount of cross currency 
interest rate swaps was EUR 24,296m on 31 December 2019.

--- Page 426 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
141
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Risk management
Nordea manages its identified market risks according to the 
risk management framework and strategy described in the 
Market risk section in Note G2 ”Risk and Liquidity 
management”.
Nordea classifies its exposures to market risk into either 
trading (the Trading Book) or non-trading (the Banking Book) 
portfolios that are managed separately. 
The Trading Book consists of all positions in financial instru-
ments held by Nordea either with trading intent, or in order to 
hedge positions held with trading intent. Positions held with 
trading intent are those held intentionally for short-term resale 
or with the intention of benefiting from actual or expected 
short-term price differences between buying and selling pric-
es, or from other price or interest rate variations. 
The Banking Book comprises all positions not held in the 
Trading Book. All hedges qualifying for hedge accounting are 
performed in the Banking Book. The hedging instruments and 
risks hedged are further described below per risk and hedge 
accounting type.
Interest rate risk
Nordea’s primary business model is to collect deposits and use 
these funds to provide loans and other funding products and 
debt instruments to its customers. Interest rate risk is the 
impact that changes in interest rates could have on Nordea’s 
margins, profit or loss and equity. Interest risk arises from mis-
match of interest from interest-bearing liabilities and assets 
such as deposits, issued debt securities and loan portfolio. 
As part of Nordea’s risk management strategy, the Board 
has established limits on the non-trading interest rate gaps 
for the interest rate sensitivities. These limits are consistent 
with Nordea’s risk appetite and Nordea aligns its hedge 
accounting objectives to keep exposures within those limits. 
Nordea’s policy is to monitor positions on a daily basis. For 
further information on measurement of risks, see the Market 
risk section in Note G2 ”Risk and Liquidity management”.
For hedge accounting relationships related to interest rate 
risk, the hedged item is the benchmark rate. The hedging 
ratio is one-to-one and is established by matching the notion-
al of the derivatives against the principal of the hedged item. 
The hedging ratio is established by matching the notional of 
the derivatives against the principal of the hedged item.	
The benchmark rate is determined as a change in present 
value of the future cash flows using benchmark rate discount 
curves. The benchmark rate is separately identifiable and reli-
ably measurable and is typically the most significant compo-
nent of the overall change in fair value or cash flows.
Fair value hedges 
In order to reduce or eliminate changes in the fair value of 
financial assets and financial liabilities due to movements in 
interest rates, Nordea enters into fair value hedge relation-
ships as described in Note G1, section 10. Nordea uses pay 
fixed/receive floating interest rate swaps to hedge its fixed 
rate debt instruments and loans and pay floating/receive 
fixed interest rate swaps to hedge its fixed rate liabilities. 
There is an economic relationship between the hedged 
item and the hedging instrument as the terms of the interest 
rate swap match the terms of the fixed rate loan (i.e. notional 
amount, maturity, payment and reset dates).
The below table presents the accumulated fair value 
adjustments arising from continuing hedge relationships, irre-
spective of whether or not there has been a change in hedge 
designation during the year. 
Hedged items 
Interest rate risk
EURm
2019
2018
Fair value hedges
Carrying amount of hedged assets1
63,864
46,773
- of which accumulated amount of  
fair value hedge adjustment3
217
169
Carrying amount of hedged liabilties2
107,001
81,424
- of which accumulated amount of  
fair value hedge adjustment3
2,018
1,273
1)  Presented on the balance sheet rows Loans to central banks, Loans to credit institu-
tions, Loans to the public, Interest-bearing securities and Fair value changes of the 
hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk.
2)  Presented on the balance sheet rows Deposits by credit institution, Deposits and 
borrowings from the public, Debt securities in issue and Fair value changes of the 
hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk.
3)  Of which all relate to continuing portfolio hedges of interest rate risk.
The following table provides information about the hedging 
instruments included in the line item Derivatives on the bal-
ance sheet: 
Hedging instruments
Fair value
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Fair value hedges
Interest rate risk
1,269
1,422
180,547
Fair value
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Fair value hedges
Interest rate risk
1,959
402
160,440
The below table presents the changes in the fair value of the 
hedged items and the changes in fair value of the hedging 
instruments used as the basis for recognising ineffectiveness. 
These changes are recognised on the row ”Net result from 
items at fair value” in the income statement. 
Hedge ineffectiveness
Interest rate risk
EURm
2019
2018
Fair value hedges
Changes in fair value of hedging instruments
707
–237
Changes in fair value of hedged items used as 
basis for recognising hedge ineffectiveness
–688
194
Hedge ineffectiveness recognised in the income 
statement1,2
19
–43
1)	 Recognised on the row ”Net result from items at fair value”.
2)	When disclosing the hedge ineffectiveness, the valuation adjustments  
(CVA, DVA, FFVA) have not been considered.
Cash flow hedges
For Nordea’s cash flow hedge accounting relationships, the 
hedged risk is the variability in future interest cash flows due 
to changes in market interest rates. In order to reduce or elim-
inate variability in future interest payments, Nordea primarily 
uses interest rate swaps as hedging instruments according to 
Nordea’s policies and risk management strategy described in 
Note G1, section 10, and in the Market risk section in Note G2 
”Risk and Liquidity management”.
There is an economic relationship between the hedged 
G19.  Derivatives and hedge accounting, cont.

--- Page 427 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
142
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G19.  Derivatives and hedge accounting, cont.
items and the hedging instruments as the terms of the inter-
est rate swaps match the terms of the future interest cash 
flows (i.e. notional amount and expected payment date). 
The below tables provide information about the hedging 
instruments as well as the outcome of the cash flow hedges 
addressing interest rate risk including the notional and the 
carrying amounts of the hedging instruments and the chang-
es in fair values used for measuring hedge ineffectiveness 
separately showing the effective and ineffective portions.
Hedging instruments
Fair value
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Cash flow hedges 
Interest rate risk
304
0
10,767
Fair value
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Cash flow hedges 
Interest rate risk
6
0
190
The below table specifies the fair value adjustments arising 
from continuing hedging relationships, irrespective of 
­whether there has been a change in hedge designation 
­during the year.
Hedge ineffectiveness
Interest rate risk
EURm
2019
2018
Cash flow hedges
Changes in fair value of hedging instruments
14
16
Changes in fair value of hedged items used as 
basis for recognising hedge ineffectiveness
–14
–16
Hedge ineffectiveness recognised in the income 
statement1,2 
–
–
Hedging gains or losses recognised in OCI
14
16
1)  Recognised on the row ”Net result from items at fair value”.
2)  When disclosing the hedge ineffectiveness, the valuation adjustments (CVA, DVA, 
FFVA) have not been considered.
Cash flow hedge reserve
Interest rate risk
EURm
2019
2018
Balance at 1 Jan
5
–3
Cash flow hedges:
Valuation gains/losses during the year
14
16
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
–3
–3
Transferred to the income statement  
during the year
–6
–6
Tax on transfers to the income statement  
during the year
1
1
Other comprehensive income, net of tax
6
8
Total comprehensive income 
6
8
Balance at 31 Dec
11
5
of which relates to continuing hedges for which 
hedge accounting is applied
11
5
of which relates to hedging relationships for which 
hedge accounting is no longer applied
–
–

--- Page 428 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
143
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G19.  Derivatives and hedge accounting, cont.
The maturity profile of Nordea’s hedging instruments used to hedge interest rate risk  
(both fair value and cash flow hedge accounting) follows below:
Maturity profile of the nominal amount of hedging instruments
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 
 3 months
3–12 months
1–5 years
More than 
5 years
Total
Instrument hedging interest rate risk 
–
7,408
60,400
73,983
38,425
180,216
Total
–
7,408
60,400
73,983
38,425
180,216
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 
3 months
3–12 months
1–5 years
More than 
5 years
Total
Instrument hedging interest rate risk 
–
5,024
19,030
108,380
25,517
157,951
Total
–
5,024
19,030
108,380
25,517
157,951
Average rate of instruments hedging interest rate risk 
The average interest rate on the fixed leg of instruments 
hedging interest rate risk per 31 December 2019 is 0.78%.
Currency risk
Currency risk is the risk that the value of a financial instrument 
will fluctuate due to changes in foreign exchange rates. For-
eign exchange risk (FX risk) from trading activities is limited 
through a VaR limit while FX risk from structural exposures as 
described below is limited through a stress loss limit for the 
CET1-ratio impact from FX fluctuations in a severe but plau-
sible stress scenario (see the Market risk section in Note G2 
”Risk and Liquidity management”). 
Nordea’s issuance of credits and borrowing can be denom-
inated in the currency of the borrower or investor. Borrowing, 
investing and lending are not always executed in the same 
currency, thus exposing Nordea to a foreign exchange risk. 
Differences in exposures to individual currencies that exist 
between different transactions are predominantly matched 
by entering into cross currency interest rate swaps. The cur-
rency component is designated as a cash flow hedge of cur-
rency risk and the interest component as a fair value hedge of 
interest rate risk. 	
In addition to the above, Nordea also has exposure to 
structural foreign currency risk through its foreign operations 
that have a functional currency other than Nordea’s presenta-
tion currency, EUR (i.e. a translation risk). Fluctuation of the 
spot exchange rates will cause Nordea’s reported net invest-
ment in foreign operations to vary and the CET1-ratio to fluc-
tuate from the currency mismatch between equity and Risk 
Exposure Amounts (REA). Nordea applies hedge accounting 
when it hedges its investments in fully consolidated foreign 
operations whose functional currency is not EUR. 
For hedge accounting relationships related to currency risk, 
the hedged item is a foreign currency component. The hedging 
ratio is one-to-one and is established by matching the notional 
of the derivatives against the principal of the hedged item.
The currency component is determined as the change in 
present value of the future cash flows using foreign exchange 
curves. The foreign currency component is separately identifi-
able and reliably measurable and is typically the most signifi-
cant component of the overall change in fair value or cash 
flows.
Cash flow and net investment hedges 
The below tables provide information about the hedging 
instruments as well as the outcome of the cash flow and net 
investment hedges addressing currency risks including the 
notional and the carrying amounts of the hedging instru-
ments and the changes in fair values used for measuring 
hedge ineffectiveness separately showing the effective and 
ineffective portions.
The below table specifies the fair value adjustments arising 
from continuing hedging relationships, irrespective of 
­whether there has been a change in hedge designation 
­during the year. 
Hedging instruments
Fair value
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Cash flow hedges 
Foreign exchange risk
715
120
11,486
Net investment hedges
Foreign exchange risk
39
207
7,358
Total derivatives used for hedge 
accounting
754
327
18,844
Fair value
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Positive
Negative
Total nom. 
amount
Cash flow hedges 
Foreign exchange risk
1,137
437
20,605
Net investment hedges
Foreign exchange risk
8
84
8,544
Total derivatives used for hedge 
accounting
1,145
521
29,149

--- Page 429 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
144
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Maturity profile of the nominal amount of hedging instruments
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 3 
months
3–12 months
1–5 years
More than 5 
years
Total
Instruments hedging foreign exchange risk
–
255
5,318
13,482
10,887
29,942
Total
–
255
5,318
13,482
10,887
29,942
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 3 
months
3–12 months
1–5 years
More than 5 
years
Total
Instruments hedging foreign exchange risk
–
2,663
11,886
13,707
3,572
31,828
Total
–
2,663
11,886
13,707
3,572
31,828
G19.  Derivatives and hedge accounting, cont.
Hedge ineffectiveness 
Foreign 
exchange risk
EURm
2019
2018
Cash flow hedges
Changes in fair value of hedging instruments
138
704
Changes in fair value of hedged items used as basis 
for recognising hedge ineffectiveness
–138
–704
Hedge ineffectiveness recognised  
in the income statement1,2
–
–
Hedging gains or losses recognised in OCI
138
704
Net investment hedges
Changes in fair value of hedging instruments
–62
67
Changes in fair value of hedged items used as basis 
for recognising hedge ineffectiveness
62
–67
Hedge ineffectiveness recognised in the income 
statement1,2
–
–
Hedging gains or losses recognised in OCI
–62
67
1)  Recognised on the row Net result from items at fair value.
2)  When disclosing the hedge ineffectiveness, the valuation adjustments (CVA, DVA, 
FFVA) have not been considered.
Cash flow hedge reserve
Foreign 
exchange risk
EURm
2019
2018
Balance at 1 Jan 
–17
–43
Cash flow hedges:
Valuation gains/losses during the year
138
704
Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year
–28
–156
Transferred to the income statement during the year
–164
–670
Tax on transfers to the income statement  
during the year
34
148
Other comprehensive income, net of tax
–20
26
Total comprehensive income 
–20
26
Balance at 31 Dec 
–37
–17
of which relates to continuing hedges for which 
hedge accounting is applied
–37
–17
of which relates to hedging relationships for which 
hedge accounting is no longer applied
–
–

--- Page 430 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
145
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G20.  Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Acquisition value at beginning of year
1,603
1,237
Acquisitions during the year
362
335
Sales during the year
–1,414
–3
Share in earnings1
69
122
Dividend received
–19
–23
Reclassifications
–
–28
Translation differences
–8
–37
Acquisition value at end of year
593
1,603
Accumulated impairment  
charges at beginning of year
–2
–2
Impairment charges during the year
–19
–
Accumulated impairment charges  
at end of year
–21
–2
Total
572
1,601
1)  See table Share in earnings.
Share in earnings 
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Profit from companies accounted  
for under the equity method
69
124
Portfolio hedge, Eksportfinans ASA
–
–2
Share in earnings
69
122
Nordea's share of the associated undertakings’ aggregated 
balance sheets and income statements (excluding Luminor, 
see below) can be summarised as follows:
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Total assets
4,259
2,054
Net profit for the year
45
21
Other comprehensive income
1
0
Total comprehensive income
46
21
Nordea has issued contingent liabilities of EUR 0m (EUR 
26m) on behalf of associated undertakings.
Nordea has one material associate, Luminor Holding AS. 
The company is the result of the merger of Nordea's and 
DnB’s businesses in the Baltics. In 2018, the investment was 
classified as a joint venture as Nordea held 50.0% of the vot-
ing rights. In 2019, Nordea sold shares in Luminor and as at 31 
December 2019, Nordea owns 19.9% of the shares in Luminor. 
As communicated in connection with the announcement of 
the deal on 13 September 2018, Nordea and Blackstone have 
additionally entered into a forward sale agreement for the 
sale of Nordea’s remaining 20 per cent stake. The forward 
sale is subject to certain conditions but is expected to com-
plete over the next three financial years.
Luminor is included in the consolidated accounts of Nordea 
via the equity method. Luminor applies IFRS in its consolidated 
accounts and the balance sheet and income statements below 
are based on IFRS. The disclosed figures show the entire Lumi-
nor Group, not just Nordea’s share. The full-year figures for 
2019 were not available when this report was published.
Average rates of instruments hedging foreign  
exchange risk
The average forward exchange rates of instruments hedging 
foreign exchange risk per 31 December 2019 are presented in 
the table below.
31 Dec 2019
NOK
SEK
USD 
RUB
EUR
10.08
10.68
1.10
71.53
The IBOR reform 
The IBOR transition is a global reform with significant impact 
on the financial industry. It will affect a large variety of finan-
cial services and thus individuals, companies and institutions. 
The transition will influence products, market liquidity, risk 
management, data and technology infrastructure as well as 
financials and the balance sheet. IBORs are embedded in a 
vast range of financial instruments including loans, mortgag-
es, bonds, trading product and derivative contracts.
Current expectations are that some IBORs will be replaced, 
while others may continue to exist but with a reformed meth-
odology. There is currently uncertainty as to the timing and 
the methods of transition for the different IBORs and whether 
some existing benchmarks will continue to be supported. 
EONIA (for EUR) as well as LIBOR for e.g. USD, GBP and CHF 
will cease to exist after 2021, while EURIBOR and the Nordic 
IBORs at the moment are expected to be published beyond 
2021 in reformed formats. The uncertainties are expected to 
remain until the relevant contracts are all transitioned into 
new IBORs.
G19.  Derivatives and hedge accounting, cont.
Nordea has established an IBOR Transition Programme 
sponsored by the CFO and Group Treasurer to prepare and 
coordinate Group-wide efforts to manage the operational 
impacts and financial risks caused by the transition from 
existing IBOR rates to alternative near risk-free rates. An IBOR 
Transition Office is responsible for the Group-wide coordina-
tion of transition activities and reports to a Steering Commit-
tee with participation from senior management in Business 
Areas and Group Functions to ensure a centralised Nordea 
strategy and senior management steering and oversight. 
Business Areas and Group Functions are responsible for, and 
drive, the execution of changes required for a successful tran-
sition to alternative near risk-free rates.
As explained in Note G1, Nordea has early adopted the 
amendments to IFRS 7 and IAS 39 and is applying the relief 
for the year-end reporting. In the table below, nominal 
amounts of the hedging derivatives in scope for the relief are 
disclosed.
Hedging derivatives with floating leg
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Total nominal amounts
CIBOR
9,122
STIBOR
17,810
NIBOR
12,767
EURIBOR
56,964
LIBOR
24,694
Other
22
Total
121,379

--- Page 431 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
146
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Balance sheet Luminor Group 
EURm
30 Sep 2019
31 Dec 2018
Assets
Cash and balances with central banks
2,400
3,275
Loans to central banks and credit institutions
175
204
Loans to the public
10,760
11,451
Interest-bearing securities
222
167
Derivatives
74
46
Other assets
160
167
Total assets
13,791
15,310
EURm
30 Sep 2019
31 Dec 2018
Liabilities and equity
Deposits by credit institutions
1,331
3,939
Deposits and borrowings from the public
9,923
9,073
Debt securities in issue
658
350
Derivatives
58
43
Other liabilities
186
106
Equity
1,635
1,799
Total liabilities and equity
13,791
15,310
G20.  Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures, cont.
Income statement Luminor Group 
9 months
12 months
EURm
2019
2018
Interest income
228
309
Interest expense
–39
–39
Net commission income
59
83
Net result from items at fair value
19
32
Other income
12
4
Total operating income
279
389
Staff costs
–87
–114
Other administrative expenses
–115
–115
Depreciation and amortisation
–10
–14
Net loan losses
–12
–4
Operating profit
55
142
Income tax expense
–5
–14
Net profit for the year
50
128
Other comprehensive income
2
2
Total comprehensive income
52
130
Reconciliation of the carrying amount in Luminor 
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Nordea's share of equity in Luminor
327
1,013
Transaction costs
–
23
Other
–
1
Carrying amount of the holding in Luminor
327
1,037

--- Page 432 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
147
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G20.  Investments in associated undertakings and joint ventures, cont.
Associated undertakings
31 Dec 2019
Registration 
number
 Domicile
Carrying 
amount 2019, 
EURm
Carrying 
amount 2018, 
EURm
Voting power 
of holding %
Eksportfinans ASA
816521432
Oslo
153
161
23
Eiendomsverdi AS
881971682
Oslo
15
13
25
Suomen Luotto-osuuskunta
0201646-0
Helsinki
2
2
27
LR Realkredit A/S
26045304
Copenhagen
–
7
39
Nordea Liv & Pension, livforsikringsselskab A/S
24260577
Ballerup
–
326
30
E-nettet Holding A/S
28308019
Copenhagen
3
3
20
Mandrague Capital Partners AB
556854-2780
Stockholm
14
5
40
Automatia Pankkiautomaatit Oy
0974651-1
Helsinki
8
7
33
NF Fleet Oy
2006935-5
Espoo
9
9
20
NF Fleet AB
556692-3271
Stockholm
6
6
20
NF Fleet A/S
29185263
Copenhagen
4
4
20
NF Fleet AS
988906808
Oslo
3
3
20
Bankomat AB
556817-9716
Stockholm 
8
7
20
Visa Sweden
801020-5097
Stockholm 
–
6
–
Luminor Holding AS
14723133
Estonia
327
–
20
P27Nordic Payments Platform AB
559198-9610
Stockholm 
11
–
17
Mondido Payments AB
556960-7129
Stockholm 
4
–
14
Nordic KYC Utility AB
559210-0779
Stockholm 
2
–
17
Subaio ApS
37766585
Aalborg
1
–
25
Other
2
5
Total
572
564
Nordea's share of the joint ventures’ aggregated balance  
sheets and income statements can be summarised as follows:
EURm
31 Dec 20191
31 Dec 20182
Total assets
–
345
Net profit for the year
–
–4
Other comprehensive income
–
0
Total comprehensive income
–
–4
1)  Relacom filed for bankruptcy on 3 January 2020 and is excluded from the disclosure.
2)  Estimate based on situation as of Q3 2018.
Joint ventures
Registration 
number
 Domicile
Carrying 
amount 
2019, EURm
Carrying 
amount 
2018, EURm
Voting 
power of 
holding %
Ownership %
Average 
number of 
FTE
Luminor Group AB1
559072-8316
Stockholm
–
1,037
–
–
–
Relacom Management AB2
556746-3103
Stockholm
–
–
61
61
3,000
Total
–
1,037
Total associated undertakings and joint ventures
572
1,601
1)  Luminor Group has been reclassified as an associate in 2019, see above.
2)  The joint control is based on a shareholders' agreement setting out that decisions about all relevant activities in the entity are made jointly. The company filed for bankruptcy on 3 
January 2020.
For information about investments in group undertakings and 
companies in which Nordea has unlimited responsibility, see  
Note P21 ”Investments in group undertakings”.

--- Page 433 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
148
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G21.  Intangible assets
Cash-generating units, EURm
Goodwill1 
31 Dec 2019
Computer 
software 
31 Dec 2019
Total 
31 Dec 2019
Goodwill1 
31 Dec 2018
Computer 
software 
31 Dec 2018
Total 
31 Dec 2018
Corporate & Investment Banking Denmark
–
47
47
–
87
87
Corporate & Investment Banking Finland
–
50
50
–
117
117
Corporate & Investment Banking Norway
173
69
242
172
87
259
Corporate & Investment Banking Sweden
–
63
63
–
88
88
Financial Institutions Group and International Banks
–
18
18
–
22
22
Business Banking Denmark
141
97
238
141
130
271
Business Banking Finland
–
138
138
–
183
183
Business Banking Norway
519
66
585
462
90
552
Business Banking Sweden
81
116
197
82
175
257
Business Banking Direct
–
23
23
–
30
30
Personal Banking Denmark
447
152
599
447
249
696
Personal Banking Finland
–
189
189
–
231
231
Personal Banking Norway
486
115
601
388
147
535
Personal Banking Sweden
122
324
446
124
389
513
Private Banking Denmark
–
14
14
–
16
16
Private Banking Finland
–
16
16
–
18
18
Private Banking Norway
–
6
6
–
7
7
Private Banking Sweden
–
9
9
–
10
10
Asset Management
–
79
79
–
91
91
Total
1,969
1,591
3,560
1,816
2,167
3,983
Other intangible assets 
–
–
135
–
–
52
Total intangible assets
1,969
1,591
3,695
1,816
2,167
4,035
1)  Excluding goodwill in associated undertakings.
Movements in goodwill, EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Acquisition value at beginning of year
1,958
1,995
Acquisitions during the year
150
–
Translation differences
2
–37
Acquisition value at end of year
2,110
1,958
Accumulated impairment  
charges at beginning of year
–142
–1
Impairment charges during the year
–
–141
Translation differences
1
0
Accumulated impairment  
charges at end of year
–141
–142
Total 
1,969
1,816
Movements in computer software, EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Acquisition value at beginning of year
2,788
2,377
Acquisitions during the year
437
534
Sales/disposals during the year
–441
–78
Transfers/reclassifications during the year
14
0
Translation differences
–16
–45
Acquisition value at end of year
2,782
2,788
Accumulated amortisation at beginning of year
–548
–417
Amortisation according to plan for the year
–246
–162
Accumulated amortisation on  
sales/disposals during the year
197
20
Transfers/reclassifications during the year
–10
0
Translation differences
1
11
Accumulated amortisation at end of year
–606
–548
Accumulated impairment charges  
at beginning of year
–73
–43
Accumulated impairment charges  
on sales/disposals during the year
244
–
Impairment charges during the year
–742
–32
Translation differences
–14
2
Accumulated impairment  
charges at end of year
–585
–73
Total
1,591
2,167

--- Page 434 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
149
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G21 .  Intangible assets, cont.
Impairment testing of goodwill and computer software
A cash-generating unit, defined as the operating segment, is 
the basis for the impairment test. The impairment test is per-
formed for each cash-generating unit by comparing the car-
rying amount of the net assets, including goodwill, with the 
recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the value in 
use and is estimated based on discounted cash flows. Due to 
the long-term nature of the investments, cash flows are 
expected to continue indefinitely.
Cash flows for the coming three years are based on finan-
cial forecasts. The forecasts are based on Nordea’s macro-
economic outlook, including information on GDP growth, 
inflation and benchmark rates for relevant countries. Based 
on these macro forecasts, business areas project how mar-
gins, volumes, sales and costs will develop over the coming 
years. Credit losses are estimated using the long-term aver-
age for the different business areas. This results in an income 
statement for each year. The projected cash flow for each 
year is the forecasted net result in these income statements, 
reduced by the capital needed to grow the business in accor-
dance with the long-term growth assumptions. The projec-
tions take into consideration the major projects initiated in 
Nordea, e.g. the transformation programme. There is also an 
allocation of central costs to business areas to make sure the 
cash flows for the CGUs include all indirect costs. Tax costs 
are estimated based on the standard tax rate. Cash flows for 
the period beyond the forecasting period are based on esti-
mated sector growth rates. Growth rates are based on histori-
cal data, updated to reflect the current situation. 
The derived cash flows are discounted at a rate based on 
the market’s long-term risk-free rate of interest and yield 
requirements. The following growth rates and discount rates 
have been used:
Discount rate1
Growth rate
%
2019
2018
2019
2018
Sweden
6.4
6.6
1.8
2.0
Denmark
6.2
5.9
1.3
1.3
Finland
6.9
5.9
1.3
1.3
Norway
7.9
6.4
1.8
1.8
Russia
–
9.2
–
0.0
1)  Post–tax.
The impairment tests conducted in 2019 did not indicate any 
need for goodwill impairment. See also Note G1 ”Accounting 
policies”, section 4 for more information. An increase in the 
discount rate of 1 percentage point or a reduction in the 
future growth rate of 1 percentage point are considered to be 
reasonably possible changes in key assumptions. Such a 
change would not result in any impairment. 
The new Group business plan, including new financial tar-
gets, updated business plans per business area, and the fur-
ther consolidation to a global IT platform, in the third quarter, 
triggered a full impairment test of Nordea’s capitalised IT sys-
tems and an assessment of future restructuring needs. It was 
concluded that impairment of IT systems was required due to 
that the expected lifetime of some IT systems being signifi-
cantly shorter than previously expected, hence inability to 
realise full benefits, and in some cases due to decisions to 
stop the current development or use of the functionality.
The impairment recognised as a result of this test amount-
ed to EUR 735m and was recognised in Group Responsibility, 
which is included in Other Operating segments in the seg-
ment reporting in Note G3. The carrying amounts after 
impairment for the IT assets are disclosed per CGU in the 
table above, based on the receiving entity.

--- Page 435 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
150
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
EURm
Owned
Right of use assets
Total
Owned
Equipment
447
19
466
506
Land and buildings
49
1,487
1,536
40
Total
496
1,506
2,002
546
Equipment
Acquisition value at beginning of year 
1,340
–
1,340
1,331
Adjustments to opening balance
2
8
10
–
Acquisitions during the year
67
19
86
51
Sales/disposals during the year
–32
–1
–33
–20
Transfers/reclassifications
–19
–
–19
0
Translation differences
0
0
0
–22
Acquisition value at end of year
1,358
26
1,384
1,340
Accumulated depreciation at beginning of year
–829
–
–829
–742
Adjustments to opening balance
–2
–
–2
–
Accumulated depreciation on sales/disposals during the year
18
0
18
15
Transfers/reclassifications
18
–
18
0
Depreciation according to plan for the year
–99
–7
–106
–113
Translation differences
–1
0
–1
11
Accumulated depreciation at end of year
–895
–7
–902
–829
Accumulated impairment charges at beginning of year
–5
–
–5
–5
Impairment charges during the year
–11
–
–11
0
Translation differences
0
–
0
0
Accumulated impairment charges at end of year
–16
–
–16
–5
Total
447
19
466
506
Land and buildings
Acquisition value at beginning of year 
44
–
44
48
Adjustments to opening balance
–
1,515
1,515
–
Acquisitions during the year
3
167
170
–
Sales/disposals during the year
0
–16
–16
–4
Reclassifications
8
–
8
–
Translation differences
0
1
1
0
Acquisition value at end of year
55
1,667
1,722
44
Accumulated depreciation at beginning of year
–3
–
–3
–5
Adjustments to opening balance
–
–2
–2
–
Accumulated depreciation on sales/disposals during the year
0
6
6
2
Depreciation according to plan for the year
–2
–167
–169
0
Translation differences
0
–1
–1
0
Accumulated depreciation at end of year
–5
–164
–169
–3
Accumulated impairment charges at beginning of year
–1
–
–1
–1
Impairment charges during the year
–
–16
–16
–
Translation differences
0
0
0
–
Accumulated impairment charges at end of year
–1
–16
–17
–1
Total
49
1,487
1,536
40
G22.  Properties and equipment

--- Page 436 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
151
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G23.  Leasing
Nordea as a lessor
Finance leases
Nordea owns assets leased to customers under finance lease 
agreements. Finance lease agreements are reported as 
receivables on the lessee included in “Loans to the public” 
(see Note G14) in an amount equal to the net investment in 
the lease. The leased assets mainly comprise vehicles, 
machinery and other equipment.
Reconciliation of gross investments and present value of 
future minimum lease payments:
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Gross investments 
6,803
6,436
Less unearned finance income
–797
–786
Net investments in finance leases
6,006
5,650
Less unguaranteed residual values accruing to 
the benefit of the lessor
–3
–34
Present value of future minimum lease 
­payments receivable
6,003
5,616
Accumulated allowance for uncollectible 
­minimum lease payments receivable
–11
–8
In Finance lease contracts the residual value risk is carried by 
the vendor or by the lessee according to the terms of the 
contract. 
As of 31 December 2019 the gross investment and the net 
investment by remaining maturity was distributed as follows:
31 Dec 2019
EURm
Gross 
investment
Net 
­investment
2020
1,924
1,636
2021
1,687
1,445
2022
1,419
1,256
2023
700
649
2024
455
434
Later years
618
586
Total
6,803
6,006
Operating leases
Assets subject to operating leases mainly comprise machin-
ery and equipment. On the ­balance sheet they are reported 
as “Properties and equipment”.
Under non-cancellable operating leases, the future mini-
mum lease payments receivable are distributed as follows:
EURm
31 Dec 2019
2020
1
2021
0
2022
0
2023
–
2024
–
Later years
–
Total
1
Nordea as a lessee
EURm
2019
2018
Expense related to short-term leases
–12
–
Expense related to low-value leases
–1
–
Expense related to variable payments
–31
–
Leasing expenses during the year
–
–218
Interest expense during the year
–12
–
Sublease income
3
4
Total cash outflow on leases
–196
–
Other lease disclosures
See Note G22 ”Properties and equipment” for further infor-
mation related to Right of use assets.
See Note G44 “Maturity analysis for assets and liabilities” 
for further information on the maturity profile.
There are no significant lease commitments for leases that 
have not yet commenced.
Nordea operates in leased premises. The premises are 
mainly divided into head office contracts, banking branches 
and other contracts. The head office contracts in the different 
Nordic countries generally have a fixed lease term, of 10–25 
years. Usually these contracts have either continuation 
options or they are automatically continued unless separately 
terminated at the end of the lease term.
Banking branch contracts generally either have fixed lease 
terms of 1–10 years or are without an end date with the right 
to terminate. The termination clauses are generally 6–24 
months. The main principle is that the premises contracts do 
not contain purchase options. The company car contracts gen-
erally have a fixed lease term of less than 5 years.

--- Page 437 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
152
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G24.  Investment properties
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Carrying amount at beginning of year
1,607
1,448
Acquisitions during the year
102
131
Sales/disposals during the year
–157
–15
Fair value adjustments
42
57
Transfers/reclassifications during the year
–10
0
Translation differences
1
–14
Carrying amount at end of year
1,585
1,607
Amounts recognised in the income statement1
EURm
2019
2018
Fair value ­adjustments2
74
62
Rental income
69
85
Direct operating expenses that generate rental 
income
–18
–21
Direct operating expenses that did not  
generate rental income
–1
–1
Total
124
125
1)  Included in ”Net result from items at fair value”.
2)  Including also fair value adjustments on investment properties presented as ”Assets in 
pooled schemes and unit-linked investments contracts” on the balance sheet.
The method applied when calculating fair value is a rate of 
return calculation, based on internal models. As a supplement 
to these values, appraisals were obtained from independent 
external valuers for parts of the investment properties.
Approximately 75% of the investment properties are val-
ued using internal models based on a rate of return calcula-
tion. For the remaining 25% of the investment properties, 
appraisals were obtained from independent external valuers.
For further information regarding investment properties, 
see Note G41 ”Assets and liabilities at fair value”.
G25.  Other assets
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Claims on securities settlement proceeds 
1,366
2,832
Cash/margin receivables
9,978
10,161
Other 
1,199
1,756
Total
12,543
14,749
G26.  Prepaid expenses and  
accrued income
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Accrued interest income 
354
272
Other accrued income
372
324
Prepaid expenses
339
717
Total
1,065
1,313
G27.  Deposits by credit institutions
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Central banks
11,409
16,456
Banks
17,570
21,579
Other credit institutions
3,325
4,384
Total
32,304
42,419
G28.  Deposits and borrowings 
from the public
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Deposits1
166,426
160,228
Repurchase agreements
2,299
4,730
Total
168,725
164,958
1)  Deposits related to individual pension savings (IPS) are also included.
G29.  Liabilities to policyholders
Liabilities to policyholders are obligations related to insur-
ance contracts. These contracts are divided into contracts  
containing insurance risk and contracts without insurance 
risk. The latter are pure investment contracts.
Insurance contracts consist of Life insurance provisions and 
other insurance-related items.
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Traditional life insurance provisions
6,304
6,187
- of which guaranteed provisions
6,222
6,110
- of which non-guaranteed provisions
82
77
Collective bonus potential
2,113
1,937
Unit-linked insurance provisions
6,978
6,375
- of which guaranteed provisions
0
0
- of which non-guaranteed provisions
6,978
6,375
Insurance claims provision
461
433
Provisions, Health & personal accident
72
69
Total Insurance contracts
15,928
15,001
Investment contracts
3,318
3,229
- of which guaranteed provisions
3,318
3,229
- of which non-guaranteed provisions
–
–
Total
19,246
18,230
Life insurance contracts are measured and recognised in 
accordance with IFRS 4, i.e. the measurement and recognition 
principle under previous GAAP has been maintained conse-
quently resulting in non-uniform accounting policies method-
ology on consolidation. Each market represented by Nordic 
and European entities measures and recognises insurance 
contracts using local accounting policies. See also Note G1 
section 19.

--- Page 438 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
153
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Traditional life 
insurance 
provisions
Collective 
bonus 
potentials
Unit-linked 
insurance 
provisions
Insurance 
claims 
­provisions
Provisions, 
Health & per- 
sonal accident 
and Life risk 
products
Investment 
contracts 
provisions
Total
Provisions/bonus potentials, beginning of year
6,187
1,937
6,375
433
69
3,229
18,230
Gross premiums written
87
–
441
–
–
156
684
Transfers
40
–
–43
–
–
–56
–59
Addition of interest/investment return
273
–
1,740
–
–
540
2,553
Claims and benefits
–280
–
–806
28
–
–234
–1,292
Expense loading including addition of expense 
bonus
–25
–
–41
–
–
–28
–94
Change in provisions/bonus potential
–298
200
98
–
3
–
3
Other
272
–
–790
–
–
–249
–767
Translation differences
48
–24
4
–
–
–40
–12
Provisions/bonus potentials, end of year
6,304
2,113
6,978
461
72
3,318
19,246
Provision relating to bonus schemes/ 
discretionary participation feature:
98%
69%
31 Dec 2018, EURm 
Traditional life 
insurance 
provisions
Collective 
bonus 
potentials
Unit-linked 
insurance 
provisions
Insurance 
claims 
­provisions
Provisions, 
Health & per- 
sonal accident 
and Life risk 
products
Investment 
contracts 
provisions
Total
Provisions/bonus potentials, beginning of year
6,264
2,249
6,922
422
74
3,481
19,412
Gross premiums written
94
–
340
–
–
132
566
Transfers
34
–
–34
–
–
–
0
Addition of interest/investment return
261
–
336
–
–
–97
500
Claims and benefits
–292
–
–606
12
–3
–262
–1,151
Expense loading including addition of expense 
bonus
–25
–
–44
–
–
–28
–97
Change in provisions/bonus potential
144
–265
122
–
–1
–
0
Other
–242
–
–656
–
–
109
–789
Translation differences
–51
–47
–5
–1
–1
–106
–211
Provisions/bonus potentials, end of year
6,187
1,937
6,375
433
69
3,229
18,230
Provision relating to bonus schemes/ 
discretionary participation feature:
99%
71%
Insurance risks
Insurance risk is described in Note G2 ”Risk and Liquidity management”.  
Additional quantitative information is found below.
Life insurance risk and market risks in the Life insurance operations, Sensitivities
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Sensitivities, EURm
Effect on 
policyholders' 
liabilities1
Effect on 
Nordea's 
equity2
Effect on 
policyholders' 
liabilities1
Effect on 
Nordea's 
equity2
Mortality – increase in life span of 1 year
23.0
–17.7
23.2
–17.9
Mortality – decrease in life span of 1 year
–0.1
0.1
–0.4
0.3
Disability – 10% increase
8.3
–6.5
8.9
–6.9
Disability – 10% decrease
–5.7
4.4
–6.3
4.9
50 bp increase in interest rates
–286.0
6.7
–287.3
–5.6
50 bp decrease in interest rates
287.3
–6.7
288.7
5.6
12% decrease in all share prices
–828.7
–0.1
–680.8
–0.8
8% decrease in property value
–114.8
–0.5
–115.9
–0.8
8% loss on counterparts
–0.5
0.0
–1.5
0.0
1)  + (plus) indicates that policyholders liabilities increase.
2)  – (minus) indicates that equity decreases.
G29.  Liabilities to policyholders, cont.

--- Page 439 ---
Notes to the financial statements – Nordea Group
154
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G29.  Liabilities to policyholders, cont.
Risk profiles on insurance
Product
Risk types
Material effect
Traditional
Mortality
Yes
Disability
Yes
Return guaranties
Yes
Unit-linked
Mortality
Yes
Disability
Yes
Return guaranties
No
Health and personal accident
Mortality
No
Disability
Yes
Return guaranties
No
Financial contract
Mortality
No
Disability
No
Return guaranties
Yes
G30.  Debt securities in issue
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Certificates of deposit
22,094
29,693
Commercial papers
22,192
17,078
Covered bonds
115,361
107,936
Senior Non Preferred bonds
2,732
2,440
Other bonds
31,307
33,227
Other 
40
48
Total
193,726
190,422
G31.  Other liabilities
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Liabilities on securities ­settlement proceeds 
921
1,617
Sold, not held, securities
9,111
12,495
Accounts payable
151
152
Cash/margin payables
4,675
4,289
Lease liabilities
1,225
–
Other
3,785
4,762
Total
19,868
23,315
G32.  Accrued expenses 
and prepaid income
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Accrued interest 
1
5
Other accrued expenses
1,261
1,423
Prepaid income
214
268
Total
1,476
1,696
G33.  Provisions
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Restructuring 
304
193
Guarantees/commitments
144
121
Other 
122
7
- of which AML related matters
95
–
Total
570
321
Provisions for restructuring costs have been utilised in the 
amount of EUR 117m in 2019, and an increase of EUR 246m 
has been accounted for. The restructuring provision is related 
to the new Group business plan, including new financial tar-
gets. Approximately EUR 200m of the EUR 304m is expected 
to be utilised in 2020. However, like for any other provision, 
there is uncertainty surrounding timing and amount. The 
uncertainty is expected to decrease as the plans are executed.
Loan loss provisions on off-balance sheet items amount to 
EUR 144m (EUR 121m). 
More information on these provisions can be found in Note 
G2 ”Risk and Liquidity management”. 
Excluding AML related matters, other provisions relate 
mainly to maintenance obligations in head office premises.
Restruc­turing
Other
EURm
2019
2018
2019
2018
At beginning of year
193
225
7
13
New provisions made
246
103
124
5
Provisions utilised
–117
–123
–5
–8
Reversals
0
–9
–4
–3
Reclassifications
–16
0
0
0
Translation differences
–2
–3
0
0
At end of year
304
193
122
7
Liabilities to policyholders by guarantee levels (technical interest rate)
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Non
0 pct.
0 to 2 pct.
2 to 3 pct.
3 to 4 pct.
Over 4 pct.
Total liabilities
Technical provision
7,060
1,426
2,827
2,228
2,170
889
16,600
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Non
0 pct.
0 to 2 pct.
2 to 3 pct.
3 to 4 pct.
Over 4 pct.
Total liabilities
Technical provision
6,447
1,367
2,772
2,181
2,175
849
15,791

--- Page 440 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
155
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Retirement benefit assets
173
246
Retirement benefit obligations
439
398
Net liability (–)/asset (+)
–266
–152
Nordea sponsors both defined contribution plans (DCP) and 
defined benefit plans (DBP). IAS 19 ensures that the pension 
obligations net of plan assets backing these obligations are 
reflected on the Group’s balance sheet. The major plans in 
each country are funded schemes covered by assets in pen-
sion funds/foundations.
The plans are structured in accordance with local regula-
tions and legislation, local practice and, where applicable, 
collective agreements. Nordea’s main DBPs in Sweden, Nor-
way and Finland are all employer financed final salary and 
service-based pension plans providing pension benefits on 
top of the statutory systems. All DBPs are closed for new 
entrants; new employees are offered DCPs. 
DBPs in Sweden are mainly offered in accordance with col-
lective agreements and follow the regulations in the Pension 
Obligations Vesting Act (Tryggandelagen). Plan assets are 
held in a separate pension foundation. 
In Norway the DBPs are in accordance with the Nordea 
Norway occupational pension plan and follow the Occupa-
tional Pension Act (Foretakspensjonloven). In Norway, plan 
assets are also held by a separate pension fund. 
In Finland, Nordea provides additional pension benefits on 
top of the statutory system in accordance with the Nordea 
Finland occupational pension plan and follows the regula-
tions in the Employees' Pension Act (TyEL). Plan assets are 
generally held in a separate pension foundation. 
Minimum funding requirements differ between plans but 
where such requirements are based on collective agreements 
or internal policies the funding requirement is generally that 
the pension obligations measured using local requirements 
shall be covered in full, with a predefined surplus or alterna-
tively safeguarded by a credit insurance contract (Sweden 
only). Some pension plans are not covered by funding 
requirements and are generally unfunded. Quarterly assess-
ments are performed to monitor the likely level of future 
contributions.
Defined benefit plans may impact Nordea via changes in 
the net present value of obligations and/or changes in the 
market value of plan assets. Changes in the obligation are 
most importantly driven by changes in assumptions on dis-
count rates (interest rates and credit spreads), inflation, salary 
increases, turnover and mortality as well as relevant experi-
ence adjustments where the actual outcome differs from the 
assumptions. 
Assets are invested in diversified portfolios as further dis-
closed below, with bond exposures mitigating the interest 
rate risk in the obligations and a fair amount of real assets 
(inflation protected) to reduce the long term inflationary risk 
in liabilities.
IAS 19 pension calculations and assumptions	
Calculations on major plans are performed by external liability 
calculators and are based on different actuarial assumptions.
Assumptions1
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
2019
Discount rate2
1.39%
2.20%
0.60%
0.76%
1.82%
Salary increase
2.75%
2.75%
1.75%
2.25%3
–
Inflation
1.75%
1.75%
1.25%
–3
2.50%
Mortality
DUS14
FNH-
K2013 
Gompertz
FSA
S2PMA- 
L/S2PFA4
2018
Discount rate2
2.17%
2.82%
1.58%
1.80%
2.56%
Salary increase
3.00%
2.75%
1.75%
2.25%3
–
Inflation
2.00%
1.75%
1.25%
–3
2.50%
Mortality
DUS14
FNH-
K2013 
Gompertz
FSA
S2PMA- 
L/S2PFA4
1)  The assumptions disclosed for 2019 have an impact on the liability calculation by 
year-end 2019, while the assumptions disclosed for 2018 are used for calculating the 
pension expense in 2019.
2)  More information on the discount rate can be found in Note G1 “Accounting poli-
cies”, section 24. The sensitivities to changes in the discount rate are provided 
below.
3)  All pensions in Denmark are salary indexed. The inflation has hence no impact on 
the DBO.
4)  With CMI_2018 projections for 2019 calculations and CMI_2017 projections for 2018 
calculations.
Sensitivities – Impact on Defined Benefit Obligation (DBO)
%
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Discount rate  
- Increase 50bps
–11.1%
–8.1%
–6.4%
–5.1%
–9.0%
Discount rate  
- Decrease 50bps
12.9%
9.0%
7.1%
5.5%
10.3%
Salary increase 
- Increase 50bps
3.8%
0.3%
0.4%
4.9%
–
Salary increase 
- Decrease 50bps
–2.8%
–0.3%
–0.4%
–4.6%
–
Inflation  
- Increase 50bps
11.1%
8.0%
5.3%
–
1.7%
Inflation  
- Decrease 50bps
–9.8%
–7.7%
–4.9%
–
–1.6%
Mortality  
- Increase 1 year
5.1%
3.7%
4.8%
6.3%
4.8%
Mortality  
- Decrease 1 year
–5.1%
–4.9%
–4.7%
–6.0%
–4.6%
The sensitivity analyses are prepared by changing one actu-
arial assumption while keeping the other assumptions 
unchanged. This is a simplified approach because the actu-
arial assumptions are usually correlated. However, it enables 
isolating one effect from another. The method used for calcu-
lating the impact on the obligation is the same as when cal-
culating the obligation accounted for in the financial state-
ments. The sensitivity analysis includes the impact on the lia-
bilities held for future SWT (special wage tax) or SSC (social 
security contributions) in Sweden and Norway, respectively.
As all pensions in Denmark are salary-indexed, inflation 
has no impact on the DBO in Denmark. 
G34.  Retirement benefit obligations

--- Page 441 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
156
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Net retirement benefit liabilities/assets
EURm
Swe 2019
Nor 2019
Fin 2019
Den 2019
UK 2019
Total 2019
Total 2018
Obligations
1,993
796
791
102
108
3,790
3,494
Plan assets
1,710
710
845
126
133
3,524
3,342
Net liability(­–)/asset(+)
–283
–86
54
24
25
–266
–152
- of which retirement benefit assets
1
61
59
27
25
173
246
- of which retirement benefit liabilities
284
147
5
3
–
439
398
Movements in the obligation
2019, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Opening balance
1,840
744
722
96
92
3,494
Current service cost
28
4
3
–
–
35
Interest cost
38
21
10
2
3
74
Pensions paid
–68
–37
–39
–6
–4
–154
Past service cost and settlements
4
–7
2
–
–
–1
Remeasurement from changes in demographic assumptions
–
–
0
–1
–1
–2
Remeasurement from changes in financial assumptions
210
71
95
9
14
399
Remeasurement from experience adjustments
–33
–13
–2
2
–
–46
Translation differences
–35
9
–
0
4
–22
Change in provision for SWT/SSC1
9
4
–
–
–
13
Closing balance
1,993
796
791
102
108
3,790
- of which relates to the active population
26%
11%
13%
–
–
19%
2018, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Opening balance
1,704
764
776
101
109
3,454
Current service cost
28
4
4
–
–
36
Interest cost
40
19
9
2
3
73
Pensions paid
–68
–31
–43
–6
–17
–165
Past service cost and settlements
–1
9
–6
–
1
3
Remeasurement from changes in demographic assumptions
–
–
–
1
–1
0
Remeasurement from changes in financial assumptions
171
–24
–15
–2
–3
127
Remeasurement from experience adjustments
–3
12
–3
–
1
7
Translation differences
–65
–4
–
0
–1
–70
Change in provision for SWT/SSC1
34
–5
–
–
–
29
Closing balance
1,840
744
722
96
92
3,494
- of which relates to the active population
27%
14%
14%
–
–
20%
1)  Change in provision for special wage tax (SWT) and social security contribution (SSC) in Sweden and Norway.
The average duration of the obligation is 20 (18) years in Sweden, 15 (14) years in Norway, 14 (12) years in Finland, 11 (11) years 
in Denmark and 20 (22) years in the UK based on discounted cash flows. The fact of all DBPs now being closed to new 
entrants gives a lower duration. The increase in average duration during the year is due to changed assumptions.
G34.  Retirement benefit obligations, cont.

--- Page 442 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
157
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Movements in the fair value of plan assets
2019, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Opening balance
1,604
681
824
122
111
3,342
Interest income (calculated using the discount rate)
34
19
13
2
3
71
Pensions paid
0
–19
–39
–6
–4
–68
Contributions by employer
–
4
–31
2
–
–25
Remeasurement (actual return less interest income)
105
18
78
6
17
224
Translation differences
–33
7
–
0
6
–20
Closing balance
1,710
710
845
126
133
3,524
2018, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Opening balance
1,634
666
865
127
131
3,423
Interest income (calculated using the discount rate)
38
17
11
2
3
71
Pensions paid
–
–19
–43
–6
–17
–85
Settlement
–
–
–2
–
–
–2
Contributions by employer
–
4
0
3
–
7
Remeasurement (actual return less interest income)
–5
20
–7
–3
–6
–1
Translation differences
–63
–7
0
–1
0
–71
Closing balance
1,604
681
824
122
111
3,342
Asset composition
The combined return on assets in 2019 was 8.8% (2.0%). The 
year was characterised by strong returns across all asset 
classes, primarily in equities and spread bonds. At the end of 
the year, the equity exposure in Nordea´s pension funds/foun-
dations represented 19% (24%) of total assets. 
The Group expects to contribute EUR 3m to its defined 
benefit plans in 2020.
Asset composition in funded schemes
%
Swe 2019
Nor 2019
Fin 2019
Den 2019
UK 2019
Total 2019
Total 2018
Bonds
83%
68%
59%
85%
84%
74%
66%
- sovereign
43%
43%
30%
53%
84%
41%
36%
- covered bonds
23%
19%
9%
32%
0%
18%
18%
- corporate bonds
17%
6%
20%
0%
0%
15%
12%
- issued by Nordea entities
2%
4%
–
–
–
2%
1%
- with quoted market price in an active market
83%
68%
59%
85%
84%
74%
66%
Equity
16%
17%
25%
15%
16%
19%
24%
- domestic
4%
4%
7%
15%
5%
5%
6%
- European
4%
4%
6%
0%
2%
4%
6%
- US
4%
5%
6%
0%
6%
5%
7%
- emerging
4%
4%
6%
0%
3%
4%
5%
- Nordea shares
–
–
–
–
–
0%
0%
- with quoted market price in an active market
16%
17%
26%
15%
16%
19%
24%
Real estate1
0%
15%
15%
0%
0%
6%
7%
- occupied by Nordea
–
–
5%
–
–
1%
1%
Cash and cash equivalents
1%
0%
1%
0%
0%
1%
3%
1)	 The geographical location of the real estate follows the geographical location of the relevant pension plan.	
G34.  Retirement benefit obligations, cont.

--- Page 443 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
158
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G34.  Retirement benefit obligations, cont.
Recognised in the income statement
2019, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Current service cost
28
4
3
–
–
35
Net interest
4
2
–3
0
0
3
Past service cost and settlements
4
–7
2
–
–
–1
SWT/SSC1
9
0
–
–
–
9
Pension cost on defined benefit plans (expense+/ income–)
45
–1
2
0
0
46
2018, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Current service cost
28
4
4
–
–
36
Net interest
2
2
–2
0
0
2
Past service cost and settlements
–1
9
–4
–
1
5
SWT/SSC1
8
3
–
–
–
11
Pension cost on defined benefit plans (expense+/ income–)
37
18
–2
0
1
54
1)  Cost related to special wage tax (SWT) in Sweden and social security contribution (SSC) in Norway.
Recognised in other comprehensive income
2019, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Remeasurement from changes in demographic assumptions
–
–
0
–1
–1
–2
Remeasurement from changes in financial assumptions
210
71
95
9
14
399
Remeasurement from experience adjustments
–33
–13
–2
2
–
–46
Remeasurement of plan assets (actual return less interest income)
–105
–18
–78
–6
–17
–224
SWT/SSC1
17
8
–
–
–
25
Pension cost on defined benefit plans (expense+/income–)
89
48
15
4
–4
152
2018, EURm
Swe
Nor
Fin
Den
UK
Total
Remeasurement from changes in demographic assumptions
–
–
–
1
–1
0
Remeasurement from changes in financial assumptions
171
–24
–15
–2
–3
127
Remeasurement from experience adjustments
–3
12
–3
–
1
7
Remeasurement of plan assets (actual return less interest income)
5
–20
7
3
6
1
SWT/SSC1
44
–6
–
–
–
38
Pension cost on defined benefit plans (expense+/income–)
217
–38
–11
2
3
173
1)  Cost related to special wage tax (SWT) in Sweden and social security contribution (SSC) in Norway. 
Defined benefit pension cost
The total net pension cost related to defined benefit plans 
recognised in the Group's income statement (as staff costs) 
for the year is EUR 46m (EUR 54m). Total pension costs com-
prise defined benefit pension costs as well as costs related to 
defined contribution plans (see specification in Note G8 “Staff 
costs”).	 	
	
	
	
	
Compared with the pension cost in 2018, excluding past service cost and related SWT and SSC, the pension cost remained 
unchanged in 2019.

--- Page 444 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
159
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Multiemployer plans
In 2010 the Norwegian Parliament decided to change the AFP 
(Avtalefestet Pensjon) plan in Norway as from 2011. The 
change gave rise to a new multiemployer defined benefit 
plan that cannot be calculated as such, as information on 
Nordea's share of the liabilities and pension costs in the plan 
is not available from Fellesordningen (the administrator). 
Consequently the AFP plan has to be accounted for as a 
defined contribution plan in accordance with IAS 19. Informa-
tion on the funded status in the plan is not available. 
The AFP plan gives the entitled employees a lifelong addi-
tion to regular pensions from the age of 62. Furthermore, the 
scheme allows employees to continue working while receiv-
ing AFP without this affecting their pension rights. The plan is 
founded on the basis of a tripartite cooperation between 
employer organisations, employee organisations and the Nor-
wegian government. The government covers one third of the 
pension expense for the AFP plan while the member compa-
nies collectively cover the remaining two thirds of the pension 
expense. The premium the member firms pay to the plan is 
determined to be sufficient to cover on-going pension 
expenses and provide a basis for building up a pension fund. 
The purpose of the pension fund is to ensure sufficient ability 
to cover expected future pension obligations.
The premium rate for 2019 was 2.5% of employees’ wages 
between 1 and 7.1 times the average base amount according 
to the Norwegian National Insurance Act. The premium is cal-
culated based on the average wages and average base 
amounts from the previous year, excluding employees over 
the age of 61. Total premiums paid in 2019 amount to EUR 
3m. Payments into the plan in 2019 covered 2,500 employees. 
The premium rate for 2020 will be 2.5% of the employees’ 
wages between 1 and 7.1 times the average base amount 
according to the Norwegian National Insurance Act. The 
expected premiums in 2020 amount to EUR 3m. 
The employees that meet the requirements for AFP are 
guaranteed AFP payments regardless of the solvency of their 
employers. Consequently, the employer members have joint 
responsibility for two thirds of the pensions payable to 
employees who at any given time, meet the requirements for 
AFP. Any deficit or surplus on windup of the plan or the with-
drawal of entities from the plan will not have any impact on 
Nordea.
Key management personnel
The Group’s total pension obligations regarding key manage-
ment personnel amounted to EUR 7m (EUR 6m) at the end of 
the year. These obligations are largely covered by plan assets. 
Defined benefit pension costs (Current service cost as well as 
Past service cost and settlements as defined in IAS 19) related 
to key management personnel in 2019 were EUR 0m (EUR 
0m). Complete information concerning key management per-
sonnel is disclosed in Note G8 “Staff costs”.
G34.  Retirement benefit obligations, cont.
G35.  Subordinated liabilities
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Additional Tier 1
2,409
2,384
Tier 2
7,410
6,771
Total
9,819
9,155
G36.  Assets pledged as 
security for own liabilities
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Assets pledged for own liabilities 
Securities etc1
24,458
23,465
Loans to the public
146,615
144,707
Other assets pledged
12,922
3,727
Total
183,995
171,899
The above pledges pertain to  
the following liabilities
Deposits by credit institutions
12,178
13,062
Deposits and borrowings from the public
5,569
2,402
Derivatives
4,676
–
Debt securities in issue
113,283
107,647
Other liabilities and commitments
2,464
2,587
Total
138,170
125,698
1)  Relates only to securities recognised on the balance sheet. Securities borrowed or 
bought under reverse repurchase agreements are not recognised on the balance 
sheet and thus not included in the amount. Such transactions are disclosed in Note 
G43 “Transferred assets and obtained collaterals”.
Assets pledged for own liabilities contain securities pledged 
as security in repurchase agreements and in securities lend-
ing. The transactions are conducted under standard agree-
ments employed by financial markets participants. Counter-
parts in those transactions are credit institutions and the pub-
lic. The transactions are typically short term with maturity 
within three months.
Securities in the Life operations are also pledged as secu-
rity for the corresponding insurance liabilities. 
Loans to the public have been registered as collateral for 
issued covered bonds and mortgage bonds in line with local 
legislation. In the event of the company´s insolvency, the 
holders of these bonds have priority to the assets registered 
as collateral.
Other asset pledged relate to certificates of deposits 
pledged by Nordea to comply with authority requirements.
G37.  Other assets pledged 
Other assets pledged are mainly related to securities, which 
include interest-bearing securities pledged as securities for 
payment settlements within the central banks and clearing 
institutions in the amount of EUR 3,919m (EUR 4,788m). The 
terms and conditions require day to day securities and relate 
to intraday/over night liquidity. Collateral pledged on behalf of 
other items other than the company´s own liabilities, e.g. on 
behalf of a third party or on behalf of the company´s own con-
tingent liabilities, is also accounted for under this item.

--- Page 445 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
160
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G38.  Contingent liabilities
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Guarantees
- Loan guarantees
2,791
2,434
- Other guarantees
13,855
13,949
Documentary credits
1,146
1,433
Other contingent liabilities
0
3
Total
17,792
17,819
In its normal business, Nordea issues various forms of guar-
antees in favour of its customers. Loan guarantees are given 
for customers to guarantee obligations in other credit- and 
pension institutions. Other guarantees consist mainly of com-
mercial guarantees such as bid guarantees, advance payment 
guarantees, warranty guarantees and export-related guaran-
tees. Contingent liabilities also include unutilised irrevocable 
import documentary credits and confirmed export documen-
tary credits. These transactions are part of the bank’s services 
and support Nordea’s customers. Guarantees and documen-
tary credits are off-balance sheet items, unless there is a need 
for a provision to cover a probable loan loss that arises from 
the judgement that reimbursement will not be received. The 
table above includes all issued guarantees, also those for 
which the possibility of an outflow of resources is considered 
remote.
Nordea Bank Abp has undertaken, in relation to certain 
individuals and on certain conditions, to be responsible for 
the potential payment liability against them in their capacity 
of managing directors or board members in group undertak-
ings of Nordea Bank Abp.
Nordea Bank Abp has indemnified the members of the GLT 
against legal expenses incurred in relation to legal advice in 
defending or disputing certain claims or investigations from 
third parties, excluding crimes or actions made with intent or 
gross negligence. For each GLT member, the indemnity is 
capped at an aggregate amount of EUR 37.5m, unless the 
Board of Directors decides otherwise on a case-by-case basis. 
The indemnity is secondary to any other insurance coverage.
A limited number of employees are entitled to severance 
pay if they are dismissed before reaching their normal retire-
ment age. For further disclosures, see Note G8 “Staff costs”.
Claims in civil lawsuits and possible fines
Within the framework of its normal business operations, 
Nordea faces a number of claims in civil lawsuits and dis-
putes, most of which involve relatively limited amounts, as 
well as possible fines due to e.g. weak anti-money laundering 
processes and procedures in the past. Presently, none of the 
current disputes are considered likely to have any significant 
adverse effect on Nordea or its financial position. As previ-
ously stated, Nordea expects to be fined in Denmark for weak 
AML processes and procedures in the past and has made a 
provision for ongoing AML-related matters. Nordea cannot 
exclude the possibility of fines, which could impact the bank’s 
financial performance. In addition, some of these proceedings 
could lead to litigation. See also Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity 
management“ and Note G33 “Provisions”.
G39.  Commitments
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Unutilised overdraft facilities
28,871
29,626
Loan commitments
46,459
43,661
Future payment obligations 
222
100
Other commitments
1,511
1,092
Total
77,063
74,479
Reverse repurchase agreements are recognised on and 
derecognised from the balance sheet on the settlement date. 
Nordea has as per 31 December 2019 signed reverse repur-
chase agreements that have not yet been settled and conse-
quently are not recognised on the balance sheet. On the set-
tlement date these reverse repurchase agreements will, as far 
as possible, replace existing reverse repurchase agreements 
not yet derecognised as per 31 December 2019. The net 
impact on the balance sheet is minor. These instruments have 
not been disclosed as commitments.
For information on credit commitments, see Note G1 
“Accounting policies”, section 26, about derivatives, see Note 
G19 “Derivatives and Hedge accounting” and about reverse 
repurchase agreements, see Note G43 “Transferred assets 
and obtained collaterals”.
Nordea has in addition entered into an agreement to 
acquire SG Finans for an agreed purchase price of EUR 575m, 
contingent on customary regulatory approvals. See the Board 
of Directors’ report for additional details.

--- Page 446 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
161
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G40.  Classification of financial instruments
Assets
Financial assets at fair value  
through profit or loss (FVPL)
Fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income (FVOCI)
Non-financial 
assets and 
associated 
undertakings/
joint ventures
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Amortised 
cost (AC)
Manda­torily
Designated at fair 
value through 
profit or loss (fair 
value option)
Derivatives 
used for 
hedging
Total
Cash and balances with central banks 
35,509
–
–
–
–
–
35,509
Loans to central banks 
5,889
3,318
–
–
–
–
9,207
Loans to credit institutions
5,724
2,792
–
–
–
–
8,516
Loans to the public
245,226
77,514
–
–
–
–
322,740
Interest-bearing securities
3,489
28,460
4,088
–
28,893
–
64,930
Financial instruments pledged  
as collateral
–
6,265
–
–
886
–
7,151
Shares 
–
14,184
–
–
–
–
14,184
Assets in pooled schemes and  
unit-linked investment contracts
–
30,324
169
–
–
306
30,799
Derivatives
–
36,784
–
2,327
–
–
39,111
Fair value changes of the hedged items in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
217
–
–
–
–
–
217
Investments in associated u­ndertakings 
and joint ventures
–
–
–
–
–
572
572
Intangible assets
–
–
–
–
–
3,695
3,695
Properties and equipment
–
–
–
–
–
2,002
2,002
Investment properties
–
–
–
–
–
1,585
1,585
Deferred tax assets
–
–
–
–
–
487
487
Current tax assets
–
–
–
–
–
362
362
Retirement benefit assets
–
–
–
–
–
173
173
Other assets
1,079
10,778
–
–
–
686
12,543
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
693
–
–
–
–
372
1,065
Total
297,826
210,419
4,257
2,327
29,779
10,240
554,848
Liabilities
Financial liabilities at fair value  
through profit or loss (FVPL)
Non-financial 
liabilities
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Amortised 
cost (AC)
Manda­torily
Designated at 
fair value 
through profit 
or loss (fair 
value option)
Derivatives 
used for 
­hedging
Total
Deposits by credit institutions
23,330
8,974
–
–
–
32,304
Deposits and borrowings from the public
164,027
4,698
–
–
–
168,725
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked  
investment contracts
–
–
31,859
–
–
31,859
Liabilities to policyholders
–
–
3,318
–
15,928
19,246
Debt securities in issue 
135,223
–
58,503
–
–
193,726
Derivatives 
–
40,298
–
1,749
–
42,047
Fair value changes of the hedged items  
in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
2,018
–
–
–
–
2,018
Current tax liabilities
–
–
–
–
742
742
Other liabilities1 
4,634
14,153
–
–
1,081
19,868
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
215
–
–
–
1,261
1,476
Deferred tax liabilities
–
–
–
–
481
481
Provisions
–
–
–
–
570
570
Retirement benefit liabilities
–
–
–
–
439
439
Subordinated liabilities
9,819
–
–
–
–
9,819
Total
339,266
68,123
93,680
1,749
20,502
523,320
1)  Of which lease liabilities classified into the category Amortised cost EUR 1,225m.

--- Page 447 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
162
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G40.  Classification of financial instruments, cont.
Assets
Financial assets at fair value  
through profit or loss (FVPL)
Fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income (FVOCI)
Non-financial 
assets and 
associated 
undertakings/
joint ventures
31 Dec 2018, EURm 
Amortised 
cost (AC)
Manda­torily
Designated at fair 
value through 
profit or loss (fair 
value option)
Derivatives 
used for 
hedging
Total
Cash and balances with central banks 
41,578
–
–
–
–
–
41,578
Loans to central banks 
6,446
1,196
–
–
–
–
7,642
Loans to credit institutions
8,827
2,493
–
–
–
–
11,320
Loans to the public
234,471
73,833
–
–
–
–
308,304
Interest-bearing securities
3,384
32,682
7,134
–
33,022
–
76,222
Financial instruments pledged  
as collateral
–
7,026
–
–
542
–
7,568
Shares 
–
12,452
–
–
–
–
12,452
Assets in pooled schemes and  
unit-linked investment contracts
–
24,272
153
–
–
158
24,583
Derivatives
–
33,915
–
3,110
–
–
37,025
Fair value changes of the hedged items in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
169
–
–
–
–
–
169
Investments in associated u­ndertakings 
and joint ventures
–
–
–
–
–
1,601
1,601
Intangible assets
–
–
–
–
–
4,035
4,035
Properties and equipment
–
–
–
–
–
546
546
Investment properties
–
–
–
–
–
1,607
1,607
Deferred tax assets
–
–
–
–
–
164
164
Current tax assets
–
–
–
–
–
284
284
Retirement benefit assets
–
–
–
–
–
246
246
Other assets
955
12,473
–
–
–
1,321
14,749
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
989
–
–
–
–
324
1,313
Total
296,819
200,342
7,287
3,110
33,564
10,286
551,408
Liabilities
Financial liabilities at fair value  
through profit or loss (FVPL)
Non-financial 
liabilities
31 Dec 2018, EURm 
Amortised 
cost (AC)
Manda­torily
Designated at 
fair value 
through profit 
or loss (fair 
value option)
Derivatives 
used for 
­hedging
Total
Deposits by credit institutions
33,933
8,486
–
–
–
42,419
Deposits and borrowings from the public
158,433
6,525
–
–
–
164,958
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked  
investment contracts
–
–
25,653
–
–
25,653
Liabilities to policyholders
–
–
3,234
–
14,996
18,230
Debt securities in issue 
135,644
–
54,778
–
–
190,422
Derivatives 
–
38,624
–
923
–
39,547
Fair value changes of the hedged items  
in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
1,273
–
–
–
–
1,273
Current tax liabilities
–
–
–
–
414
414
Other liabilities
989
17,828
–
–
4,498
23,315
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
273
–
–
–
1,423
1,696
Deferred tax liabilities
–
–
–
–
706
706
Provisions
–
–
–
–
321
321
Retirement benefit liabilities
–
–
–
–
398
398
Subordinated liabilities
9,155
–
–
–
–
9,155
Total
339,700
71,463
83,665
923
22,756
518,507

--- Page 448 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
163
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Financial assets designated at fair 
value through profit or loss 
EURm
2019
2018
Carrying amount per end of year
4,257
7,287
Maximum exposure to credit risk per end of year
4,257
7,287
Nominal amount of credit derivatives used to 
mitigate the maximum exposure to credit risk 
per end of the year
–
–
Changes in fair value due to changes in own 
credit risk, during the year
–
–
Changes in fair value due to changes in own 
credit risk, accumulated 
–
–
Change in fair value of related credit derivatives, 
during the year
–
–
Change in fair value of related credit derivatives, 
accumulated 
–
–
Assets designated at fair value through profit or loss (fair 
value option) consist of all assets in Nordea Life and Pension 
held under investment contracts, EUR 4,088m (EUR 7,134m). 
Also, assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment 
contracts in Life, EUR 169m (EUR 153m), are designated at 
fair value through profit or loss. For more information see 
Note G1 section 13. Nordea does not disclose the effect of 
changes in credit risk on the fair values of these assets and 
the fair value change in related credit derivatives; as such, 
changes in value will directly result in essentially the same 
change in the carrying amount of the corresponding liabilities 
to policyholders. There is thus no significant impact on the 
income statement or equity due to changes in credit risk of 
these assets in Life.	
	
	
	
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit 
or loss consist of issued bonds in the Danish group undertak-
ing Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab, EUR 55,766m (EUR 
51,616m), issued structured bonds in Markets operation, EUR 
2,737m (EUR 3,162m), deposits linked to the investment 
return of separate assets, EUR 4,377m (EUR 3,964m) and 
investment contracts and pooled schemes in Life, EUR 
30,800m (EUR 24,923m). For issued structured bonds in Mar-
kets, changes in fair value due to changes in own credit risk 
are recognised in other comprehensive income and Nordea 
calculates the change in own credit spread based on the 
change in Nordea’s funding spread by assuming the liquidity 
premium for the issuance to be constant over time. The 
change in the credit spread is estimated by comparing the 
value of the trades using the initial funding spread on issu-
ance date and actual funding spread on the reporting date. 
This model is assessed to provide the best estimate of the 
impact of own credit risk. The value of the investment con-
tracts in Life and asset linked deposits is directly linked to the 
assets in the contracts and there is consequently no effect 
from changes in own credit risk in these contracts.
Changes in fair value due to changes in own credit risk of 
bonds issued in Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab, are cal-
culated by determining the amount of changes in its fair 
value that are not attributable to changes in market condi-
tions. The method used to estimate the amount of changes in 
market conditions is based on relevant benchmark interest 
rates, which are the average yields on Danish and German 
(EUR) government bonds. This model is assessed to provide 
the best estimate of the impact of own credit risk. The chang-
es in own credit risk on issued mortgage bonds in Nordea 
Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab are not recognised in other 
comprehensive income as that would create an accounting 
missmatch with the corresponding change in fair value of the 
mortgage loans that is recognised in profit or loss. For this 
reason, the whole change in the fair value of issued mortgage 
bonds in Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab is recognised 
in the income statement. For the issued mortgage bonds, a 
change in the liability’s credit risk and price will have a corre-
sponding effect on the value of the loans as a change in the 
price of the bonds will be offset by the opposite change in the 
value of the prepayment option of the loans.	
	
	
G40.  Classification of financial instruments, cont.
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
2019
2018
EURm
Liabilities for 
which changes 
in credit risk are 
presented in OCI
Liabilites for 
which changes 
in credit risk are 
presented in 
profit or loss
Total
Liabilities for 
which changes 
in credit risk are 
presented in OCI
Liabilites for 
which changes 
in credit risk are 
presented in 
profit or loss
Total
Carrying amount per end of the year
2,737
90,943
93,680
3,162
80,503
83,665
Amount to be paid at maturity1 
2,737
93,317
96,054
3,322
81,600
84,922
Changes in fair value due to changes in own credit 
risk, during the year
–15
94
79
20
–54
–34
Changes in fair value due to changes in own credit 
risk, accumulated 
–5
–456
–461
10
–550
–540
1)  Liabilities to policyholders have no fixed maturities and there is no fixed amount to be paid. For these liabilities, the amount disclosed to be paid at maturity has been set at the 
carrying amount.

--- Page 449 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
164
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Fair value of financial assets and liabilities
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
EURm
Carrying 
amount
Fair 
value
Carrying 
amount
Fair 
value
Financial assets
Cash and balances 
with central banks
35,509
35,509
41,578
41,578
Loans 
340,680
343,410
327,435
330,681
Interest-bearing  
securities
64,930
65,047
76,222
76,334
Financial instruments 
pledged as collateral
7,151
7,151
7,568
7,568
Shares
14,184
14,184
12,452
12,452
Assets in pooled 
schemes and unit-
linked investment 
contracts
30,493
30,493
24,425
24,425
Derivatives
39,111
39,111
37,025
37,025
Other assets
11,857
11,857
13,428
13,428
Prepaid expenses  
and accrued income
693
693
989
989
Total
544,608
547,455
541,122
544,480
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
EURm
Carrying 
amount
Fair 
value
Carrying 
amount
Fair 
value
Financial liabilities
Deposits and debt 
instruments
406,592
407,337
408,227
409,014
Deposits in pooled 
schemes and unit-
linked investment 
contracts
31,859
31,859
25,653
25,653
Liabilities to 
­policyholders
3,318
3,318
3,234
3,234
Derivatives
42,047
42,047
39,547
39,547
Other liabilities 
17,562
17,562
18,817
18,817
Accrued expenses  
and prepaid income
215
215
273
273
Total
501,593
502,338
495,751
496,538
For information about valuation of items measured at fair 
value on the balance sheet, see Note G1 and the section 
“Determination of fair values for items measured at fair value 
on the balance sheet” below. For information about valuation 
of items not measured at fair value on the balance sheet, see 
the section “Financial assets and liabilities not held at fair 
value on the balance sheet” below.
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value
Assets and liabilities held at fair value on the balance sheet 
Categorisation into the fair value hierarchy
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Quoted prices in 
active markets for 
the same instrument 
(Level 1)
- of 
which 
Life
Valuation 
technique using 
observable data 
(Level 2)
- of 
which 
Life
Valuation 
technique using 
non-observable 
data (Level 3)
- of 
which 
Life
Total
Assets at fair value on the ­balance sheet1
Loans to central banks
–
–
3,318
–
–
–
3,318
Loans to credit institutions
–
–
2,792
–
–
–
2,792
Loans to the public
–
–
77,514
–
–
–
77,514
Interest-bearing securities2 
19,694
1,487
48,726
2,660
172
13
68,592
Shares
11,825
10,184
325
322
2,034
860
14,184
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
30,078
26,129
359
359
362
362
30,799
Derivatives
37
–
37,717
12
1,357
–
39,111
Investment properties
–
–
–
–
1,585
1,578
1,585
Other assets
–
–
10,743
–
35
34
10,778
Total
61,634
37,800
181,494
3,353
5,545
2,847
248,673
Liabilities at fair value on the balance sheet1
Deposits by credit institutions
–
–
8,974
–
–
–
8,974
Deposits and borrowings from the public
–
–
4,698
–
–
–
4,698
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
–
–
31,859
27,482
–
–
31,859
Liabilities to policyholders
–
–
3,318
3,318
–
–
3,318
Debt securities in issue
8,155
–
48,116
–
2,232
–
58,503
Derivatives
59
–
40,805
13
1,183
–
42,047
Other liabilities
3,587
–
10,564
–
2
–
14,153
Total
11,801
–
148,334
 30,813
3,417
–
163,552
1)  All items are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at the end of each reporting period.
2)  Of which EUR 7,151m relates to the balance sheet item Financial instruments pledged as collateral.
Fair value of financial assets and liabilities, cont.

--- Page 450 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
165
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Determination of fair value for items measured 
at fair value on the balance sheet
Fair value measurements of assets and liabilities carried at 
fair value have been categorised under the three levels of the 
IFRS fair value hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy gives the 
highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active mar-
kets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest 
priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The categorisation 
of these instruments is based on the lowest level input that is 
significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.
Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy consists of assets and lia-
bilities valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active mar-
kets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for the 
asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the 
asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume 
to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. This cat-
egory includes listed derivatives, listed equities, government 
bonds in developed countries, and most liquid mortgage 
bonds and corporate bonds where direct tradable price 
quotes exist. 
Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy consists of assets and lia-
bilities that do not have directly quoted market prices avail-
able from active markets. The fair values are based on quoted 
prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets or quot-
ed prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets 
that are not active. Alternatively, the fair values are estimated 
using valuation techniques or valuation models based on 
market prices or inputs prevailing at the balance sheet date 
and where any unobservable inputs have had an insignificant 
impact on the fair values. This is the case for the majority of 
Nordea’s OTC derivatives, securities purchased/sold under 
resale/repurchase agreements, securities borrowed/lent and 
other instruments where active markets supply the input to 
the valuation techniques or models.
Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy consists of those types of 
assets and liabilities for which fair values cannot be obtained 
directly from quoted market prices or indirectly using valua-
tion techniques or models supported by observable market 
prices or rates. This is generally the case for investments in 
unlisted securities, private equity funds, hedge funds, invest-
ment properties, more complex OTC derivatives where unob-
servable input has a significant impact on the fair values, cer-
tain complex or structured financial instruments and illiquid 
interest-bearing securities. Complex valuation models are 
generally characterised by the use of unobservable and 
model specific inputs.
All valuation models, both complex and simple models, 
make use of market prices and inputs. These market prices 
and inputs comprise interest rates, volatilities, correlations 
etc. Some of these prices and inputs are observable while 
others are not. For most non-exotic currencies the interest 
rates are all observable, and implied volatilities and the cor-
relations of the interest rates and FX rates may be observable 
through option prices up to a certain maturity. Implied vola-
tilities and correlations may also be observable for the most 
liquid equity instruments. For less liquid equity names the 
option market is fairly illiquid, and hence implied volatilities 
and correlations are unobservable. For each instrument the 
sensitivity towards unobservable parameters is measured. If 
the impact from unobservable parameters on the valuation is 
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.
Assets and liabilities held at fair value on the balance sheet 
Categorisation into the fair value hierarchy
31 Dec 2018, EURm 
Quoted prices in 
active markets for 
the same instrument 
(Level 1)
- of 
which 
Life
Valuation 
technique using 
observable data 
(Level 2)
- of 
which 
Life
Valuation 
technique using 
non-observable 
data (Level 3)
- of 
which 
Life
Total
Assets at fair value on the ­balance sheet1
Loans to central banks
–
–
1,196
–
–
–
1,196
Loans to credit institutions
–
–
2,493
–
–
–
2,493
Loans to the public
–
–
73,833
–
–
–
73,833
Interest-bearing securities2 
30,947
3,896
49,130
3,393
329
4
80,406
Shares
10,159
8,381
596
595
1,697
916
12,452
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
24,167
20,692
227
227
189
189
24,583
Derivatives
70
–
35,917
89
1,038
–
37,025
Investment properties
–
–
–
–
1,607
1,588
1,607
Other assets
–
–
12,399
–
74
–
12,473
Total
65,343
32,969
175,791
4,304
4,934
2,697
246,068
Liabilities at fair value on the balance sheet1
Deposits by credit institutions
–
–
8,486
–
–
–
8,486
Deposits and borrowings from the public
–
–
6,525
–
–
–
6,525
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
–
–
25,653
21,689
–
–
25,653
Liabilities to policyholders
–
–
3,234
3,234
–
–
3,234
Debt securities in issue
12,405
–
39,746
–
2,627
–
54,778
Derivatives
42
–
38,482
80
1,023
–
39,547
Other liabilities
7,192
–
10,622
–
14
–
17,828
Total
19,639
–
132,748
25,003
3,664
–
156,051
1)  All items are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at the end of each reporting period.
2)  Of which EUR 7,568m relates to the balance sheet item Financial instruments pledged as collateral.

--- Page 451 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
166
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
significant the instrument is categorised as Level 3 in the fair 
value hierarchy.
For interest-bearing securities the categorisation into the 
three levels is based on the internal pricing methodology. 
These instruments can either be directly quoted in active 
markets (Level 1) or measured using a methodology giving a 
quote based on observable inputs (Level 2). If the impact 
from unobservable parameters on the valuation of the bond 
is significant the bond is categorised as Level 3 in the fair 
value hierarchy.
For OTC derivatives valuation models are used for estab-
lishing fair value. The models are usually in-house developed 
and based on assumptions about the behaviour of the under-
lying asset and statistical scenario analysis. Most OTC deriva-
tives are categorised as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy 
implying that all significant model inputs are observable in 
active markets.
Valuations of Private Equity Funds, Credit Funds and 
unlisted equity instruments are by nature more uncertain 
than valuations of more actively traded equity instruments. 
Emphasis is put on using a consistent approach across all 
assets and over time. The methods used are consistent with 
the guideline “International Private Equity and Venture Capi-
tal Valuation Guidelines” issued by IPEV Board. The guide-
lines are considered as best practice in the industry. For US-
based funds, similar methods are applied.
Further Nordea has loans and issued debt securities in the 
subsidiary Nordea Kredit Realkreditaktieselskab at fair value. 
When Nordea grants mortgage loans to borrowers, in accor-
dance with the Danish mortgage finance law, Nordea at the 
same time issues debt securities with matching terms, so 
called “match funding”. Fair value of the issued debt securi-
ties is based on quoted prices. As the borrowers have the 
right to purchase debt securities issued by Nordea in the mar-
ket and return these as repayment for their loans, the fair 
value of the loans is the same as the fair value of the issued 
bonds (due to the revaluation of the repayment option 
embedded in the loan) adjusted for changes in the credit risk 
of the borrower and the fair value of the margin associated 
with each loan.
Fair value of financial assets and liabilities are generally 
calculated as the theoretical net present value of the individu-
al instruments. This calculation is supplemented by portfolio 
adjustments.
Nordea incorporates credit valuation adjustments (CVA) 
and debit valuation adjustments (DVA) into derivative valua-
tions. CVA and DVA reflect the impact on fair value from the 
counterparty´s credit risk and Nordea’s own credit quality, 
respectively. Calculations are based on estimates of exposure 
at default, probability of default and recovery rates, on a 
counterparty basis. Generally, exposure at default for CVA and 
DVA is based on expected exposure and estimated through 
the simulation of underlying risk factors. Where possible, 
Nordea obtains credit spreads from the credit default swap 
(CDS) market, and probabilities of defaults (PDs) are inferred 
from this data. For counterparties that do not have a liquid 
CDS, PDs are estimated using a cross-sectional regression 
model, which calculates an appropriate proxy CDS spread 
given each counterparty's rating region and industry.
The impact of funding costs and funding benefits on valua-
tion of uncollateralised and imperfectly collateralised deriva-
tives is recognised as a funding fair valuation adjustment 
(FFVA). In addition, Nordea applies in its fair value measure-
ment close-out-cost valuation adjustments and model risk 
adjustments for identified model deficiencies.
Nordea has during 2019 changed the principle for calculat-
ing the impact of funding costs and funding benefits on the 
valuation of uncollateralised and imperfectly collateralised 
derivatives (FFVA) in order to address an identified double 
counting versus the CVA.
The fair value measurement of the investment properties 
takes into account a market participant's ability to generate 
economic benefits by using the investment properties in its 
highest and best use, i.e. taking into account the use of the 
investment properties that is physically possible, legally per-
missible and financially feasible. The current use of the 
investment properties in Nordea is in accordance with the 
highest and best use. The valuation of the investment proper-
ties is carried out taking into account the purpose and the 
nature of the property by using the most appropriate valua-
tion methods. The primary valuation approach is a discounted 
cash flow model using current cash flows, market interest 
rates and the current yield requirements.
Transfers between Level 1 and 2
During the year, Nordea transferred interest-bearing securi-
ties (including such financial instruments pledged as collat-
eral) of EUR 4,272m (EUR 6,778m) from Level 1 to Level 2 and 
EUR 701m (EUR 3,169m) from Level 2 to Level 1 of the fair 
value hierarchy. Nordea has also transferred derivative assets 
of EUR 0m (EUR 4m) and derivative liabilities of EUR 4m 
(EUR 2m) from Level 2 to Level 1. Nordea has also transferred 
debt securities in issue of EUR 4,455m (EUR 7,534m) from 
Level 1 to Level 2 and EUR 0m (EUR 384m) from Level 2 to 
Level 1. Further Nordea transferred other liabilities from Level 
1 to Level 2 of EUR 1,426m (EUR 1,494m) and EUR 1m (EUR 
128m) from Level 2 to Level 1. The reason for the transfers 
from Level 1 to Level 2 was that the instruments ceased to be 
actively traded during the period and fair values have now 
been obtained using valuation techniques with observable 
market inputs. The reason for the transfer from Level 2 to 
Level 1 was that the instruments have again been actively 
traded during the period and reliable quoted prices are 
obtained in the market. Transfers between levels are consid-
ered to have occurred at the end of the year.
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.

--- Page 452 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
167
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.
Fair value gains/
losses recognised 
in the income 
statement ­during 
the year
Recog-
nised in 
OCI
Transfers 
into 
Level 3
Transfers 
out of 
Level 3
Reclass-
ification
2018, EURm 
1 Jan 
2018
Realised
Unea-
lised 
Purchases/
Issues 
Sales
Settle-
ments
Translation 
differences
31 Dec 
2018
Interest-bearing 
­securities
168
–2
2
–
169
–9
2
–
–
–
–1
329
- of which Life
5
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–1
4
Shares
1,584
130
66
–
317
–333
–64
5
–
–3
–5
1,697
- of which Life
927
84
12
–
103
–135
–64
5
–
–
–16
916
Assets in pooled 
schemes and unit-
linked investment 
contracts
342
4
–7
–
–55
–86
–3
–
–
–
–6
189
- of which Life 
342
4
–7
–
–55
–86
–3
–
–
–
–6
189
Derivatives (net)
453
–264
–431
–
–
18
246
3
–10
–
–
15
Other assets
–
–
–
–
6
–
–
68
–
–
–
74
- of which Life
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
40
–
–
–
40
Investment properties
1,448
–
57
–
131
–15
–
–
–
–
–14
1,607
- of which Life
1,437
–
57
–
113
–5
–
–
–
–
–14
1,588
Debt securities in issue
4,009
3
–585
–23
437
–
–1,215
1
–
–
–
2,627
Other Liabilities
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
14
–
–
–
14
Movements in Level 3
Fair value gains/
losses recognised 
in the income 
statement ­during 
the year
Recog-
nised in 
OCI
Transfers 
into 
Level 3
Transfers 
out of 
Level 3
Reclass-
ification1
2019, EURm 
1 Jan 
2019
Realised
Unea-
lised 
Purchases/
Issues 
Sales
Settle-
ments
Translation 
differences
31 Dec 
2019
Interest-bearing 
­securities
329
–1
8
–
14
–180
2
–
–
–
–
172
- of which Life
4
–
9
–
–
–1
1
–
–
–
–
13
Shares
1,697
123
51
–
358
–419
–19
169
–31
91
14
2,034
- of which Life
916
42
–25
–
35
–221
–19
166
–31
–
–3
860
Assets in pooled 
schemes and unit-
linked investment 
contracts
189
2
45
–
145
–22
2
1
–
–
–
362
- of which Life 
189
2
45
–
145
–22
2
1
–
–
–
362
Derivatives (net)
15
–121
200
–
–33
–
121
–
–8
–
–
174
Other assets
74
–
–5
–
–
–
–33
–
–
–
–1
35
- of which Life
40
–
–
–
–
–
–6
–
–
–
–
34
Investment properties
1,607
2
39
–
103
–157
–
–
–
–10
1
1,585
- of which Life
1,588
2
38
–
101
–145
–
–
–
–7
1
1,578
Debt securities in issue
2,627
54
–232
–8
422
–
–634
3
–
–
–
2,232
Other Liabilities
14
–
–
–
1
–13
–
–
–
–
–
2
1)  Due to deconsolidation of Nordea Bank S.A., Shares in Level 3 increased by EUR 91m and Investment properties in Level 3 decreased by EUR 3m. In addition, investment properties 
in Level 3 of EUR 7m have been reclassified from Investment properties to Properties and equipment.
Unrealised gains and losses relate to those assets and liabili-
ties held at the end of the year. The reason for the transfer out 
of Level 3 was that observable market data became available. 
The reason for the transfer into Level 3 was that observable 
market data were no longer available. Transfers between lev-
els are considered to have occurred at the end of the year. 
Fair value gains and losses in the income statement during 
the year are included in “Net result from items at fair value” 
(see Note G6). Assets and liabilities related to derivatives are 
presented net.

--- Page 453 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
168
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
The valuation processes for fair value measurements 
Financial instruments
The valuation process in Nordea consists of several steps. The 
first step is to determine the end-of-day (EOD) marking of 
mid-prices. It is the responsibility of the business areas to 
determine correct prices used for the valuation process. These 
prices are either internally marked prices set by a trading unit 
or externally sourced prices. The valuation prices and valua-
tion approaches are then controlled and tested by a valuation 
control function within the 1st line of defence, which is inde-
pendent from the risk-taking units in the front office. The cor-
nerstone in the control process is the independent price veri-
fication (IPV). The IPV test comprises verification of the cor-
rectness of valuations by comparing the prices to 
independently sourced data. The result of the IPV is analysed 
and any findings are escalated as appropriate. The verifica-
tion of the correctness of prices and inputs is as a minimum 
carried out on a monthly basis and is for many products car-
ried out daily. Third-party information, such as broker quotes 
and pricing services, is used as benchmark data in the verifi-
cation. The quality of the benchmark data is assessed on a 
regular basis. 
The valuation adjustment at portfolio level and the defer-
rals of day 1 P/L on Level 3 trades are calculated and reported 
on a monthly basis. The actual assessment of instruments in 
the fair value hierarchy is performed on a continuous basis. 
 Specialised teams within the unit Balance Sheet Risk Con-
trol (BSRC) are responsible for overseeing and independently 
assessing the valuations performed by the 1st line of defence. 
These teams are responsible for 2nd line of defence oversight 
for valuations, with independent reporting responsibilities 
towards the CRO and the BAC.
Investment properties
The main part of the investment properties in Nordea is held 
by Nordea Life and Pension (NLP). The valuation of the 
investment properties in NLP is performed quarterly by the 
real estate departments in each entity within NLP with full or 
partial assistance from external valuers. For the departments 
that use their own methodologies the changes in price levels 
of the properties are compared with valuations of similar 
properties assessed by external valuers. The result of the val-
uation is presented to, and approved by, the local manage-
ment in each entity. The CFO in each entity within NLP is 
responsible for the approval of the concepts and for the val-
ues used. The principles used in all entities are in accordance 
with regulations provided by the local Financial Supervisory 
Authorities (FSA) which are in accordance with international 
valuation principles and in accordance with IFRS. 
In addition there is an Investment Operation Committee 
(IOC) which is a joint forum focusing on valuation and 
accounting of investment operations issues within NLP.  
The entities within NLP report regularly to IOC and IOC report 
quarterly to the Nordea Group Valuation Committee.
Investment properties in NLP are backing the liabilities to 
policyholders in life insurance contracts, unit-linked contracts 
and investment contracts, which means that the impact on 
Nordea’s income statement and on shareholders’ equity 
depends on the financial buffers and the profit sharing agree-
ments in the actual unit that owns the property.
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.

--- Page 454 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
169
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Valuation techniques and inputs used in the fair value measurements in Level 3
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Fair value
Of which Life1
Valuation techniques
Unobservable input
Range of fair value
Interest-bearing securities 
Mortgage and other credit ­institutions2
164
9
Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
–16/16
Corporates
8
4
Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
–0/0
Total
172
13
–16/16
Shares
Private equity funds
833
489
Net asset value3
–93/93
Hedge funds
87
83
Net asset value3
–8/8
Credit Funds
421
167
Net asset value/market consensus3
–35/35
Other funds
289
115
Net asset value/fund prices3
–26/26
Other4
460
62
–
–32/32
Total
2,090
916
–194/194
Derivatives
Interest rate derivatives
265
–
Option model
Correlations
–31/35
Volatilities
Equity derivatives
–10
–
Option model
Correlations
–6/3
Volatilities
Dividend
Foreign exchange derivatives
–16
–
Option model
Correlations
–0/0
Volatilities
Credit derivatives
–69
–
Credit derivative model
Correlations
–24/26
Recovery rates
Volatilities
Other
4
–
Option model
Correlations
–0/0
Volatilities
Total
174
–
–61/64
Debt securities in issue
Issued structured bonds
2,232
–
Credit derivative model
Correlations
–11/11
Recovery rates
Volatilities
Total
2,232
–
–11/11
Other, net
Other assets and Other liabilities, net
33
34
–4/4
Total
33
34
–4/4
1)  Investment in financial instruments is a major part of the life insurance business, 
acquired to fulfil the obligations behind the insurance- and investment contracts. The 
gains or losses on these instruments are almost exclusively allocated to policyholders  
and do consequently not affect Nordea's equity.
2)  Of which EUR 155m is priced at a credit spread (the difference between the discount 
rate and LIBOR) of 1.45% and a reasonable change of this credit spread would not 
affect the fair value due to callability features.
3)  The fair values are based on prices and net assets values delivered by external suppli-
ers/custodians. The prices are fixed by the suppliers/custodians on the basis of the 
development in assets behind the investments. For private equity funds the dominant 
measurement methodology used by the suppliers/custodians is consistent with the 
International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation (IPEV) guidelines issued by 
Invest Europe (formerly called EVCA). Approximately 40% of the private equity fund 
investment are internally adjusted/valued based the IPEV guidelines. These carrying 
amounts are in a range of 3% to 100% compared to the values received from suppli-
ers/custodians.
4)  Of which EUR 56m related to assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment.
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.

--- Page 455 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
170
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.
The table above shows, for each class of assets and liabilities 
categorised in Level 3, the fair value, the valuation techniques 
used to estimate the fair value, significant unobservable 
inputs used in the valuation techniques and for financial 
assets and liabilities the fair value sensitivity to changes in 
key assumptions. 
The column “range of fair value” in the tables above shows 
the sensitivity of the fair values of Level 3 financial instru-
ments to changes in key assumptions. Where the exposure to 
an unobservable parameter is offset across different instru-
ments only the net impact is disclosed in the table. The rang-
es disclosed are likely to be greater than the true uncertainty 
in fair value of these instruments, as it is unlikely in practice 
that all unobservable parameters would be simultaneously at 
the extremes of their ranges of reasonably possible alterna-
tives. The disclosure is neither predictive nor indicative of 
future movements in fair value. 
In order to calculate the sensitivity (range) in fair value of 
derivatives a range of different modelling approaches are 
applied to determine an uncertainty interval around the 
reported fair value. The different approaches applied target 
various aspects of derivatives pricing. Two common compo-
nents of derivative valuation models are volatility of underly-
ing risk factors and correlation between the relevant risk fac-
Valuation techniques and inputs used in the fair value measurements in Level 3
31 Dec 2018, EURm 
Fair value
Of which Life1
Valuation techniques
Unobservable input
Range of fair value
Interest-bearing securities 
Mortgage and other credit ­institutions2
323
–
Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
–32/32
Corporates
6
4
Discounted cash flows
Credit spread
–0/0
Total
329
4
–32/32
Shares
Private equity funds
745
457
Net asset value3
–84/84
Hedge funds
102
83
Net asset value3
–6/6
Credit Funds
398
176
Net asset value/market consensus3
–33/33
Other funds
292
183
Net asset value/fund prices3
–26/26
Other4
191
48
–
–16/16
Total
1,728
947
–165/165 
Derivatives
Interest rate derivatives
259
–
Option model
Correlations
–13/14
Volatilities
Equity derivatives
–25
–
Option model
Correlations
–12/8
Volatilities
Dividend
Foreign exchange derivatives
–13
–
Option model
Correlations
–0/0
Volatilities
Credit derivatives
–212
–
Credit derivative model
Correlations
–34/33
Recovery rates
Volatilities
Other
6
–
Option model
Correlations
–0/0
Volatilities
Total
15
–
–59/55
Debt securities in issue
Issued structured bonds
2,627
–
Credit derivative model
Correlations
–13/13
Recovery rates
Volatilities
Total
2,627
–
–13/13
Other, net
Other assets and Other liabilities, net
60
40
–7/7
Total
60
40
–7/7
1)  Investment in financial instruments is a major part of the life insurance business, 
aquired to fulfill the obligations behind the insurance- and investment contracts.  
The gains or losses on these instruments are almost exclusively allocated to policy-
holders and do consequently not affect Nordea’s equity.
2)  Of which EUR 155m is priced at a credit spread (the difference between the discount 
rate and LIBOR) of 1.45% and a resonable change of this credit spread would not  
affect the fair value due to ­callability features.
3)  The fair values are based on prices and net assets values delivered by external suppli-
ers/custodians. The prices are fixed by the suppliers/custodians on the basis of the 
­develop­ment in assets behind the investments. For private equity funds the dominant 
measurement methodology used by the suppliers/custodians is consistent with the 
International Private Equity and ­Venture Capital Valuation (IPEV) guidelines issued by 
Invest Europe (formerly called EVCA). Approximately 40% of the private equity fund 
investment are internally adjusted/valued based the IPEV guidelines. These carrying 
amounts are in a range of 5% to 100% compared to the values received from suppli-
ers/custodians.
4)  Of which EUR 31m related to assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked investment.

--- Page 456 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
171
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Investment properties
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Fair value1
Of which 
Life
Valuation techniques
Unobservable input
Range of 
unobservable input
Weighted average of 
­unobservable input
Norway
713
 713 
Discounted cash flows
Market rent
- Office
110–401 EUR/m2
280 EUR/m2
- Other
128 EUR/m2
128 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Office
4.0%–5.65%
4,6%
- Other
6.5%–9.5%
7,1%
Finland3
933
 933 
Discounted cash flows2
Market rent
- Commercial
144–230 EUR/m2
187 EUR/m2
- Office
189–306 EUR/m2
296 EUR/m2
- Apartment
189–306 EUR/m2
248 EUR/m2
- Other
231–291 EUR/m2
261 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Commercial
5.75%–7.25%
6,5%
- Office
4.5%–8.25%
5,8%
- Apartment
3.25%–4.75%
4,0%
- Other
4.5% -6%
5,3%
Sweden
238
 238 
Discounted cash flows2
Market rent
- Commercial
73–208 EUR/m2
124 EUR/m2
- Office
226–231 EUR/m2
229 EUR/m2
- Apartment
166–178 EUR/m2
172 EUR/m2
- Other
65–66 EUR/m2
65 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Commercial
5.10%–6.75%
5,8%
- Office
4.5%–4.65%
4,6%
- Apartment
3.73%–4.30%
3,9%
- Other
6.75%–6.75%
6,8%
Other
7
–
Discounted cash flows
  –
–
–
Total
1,891
1,884
1)  Split based on the valuation methodologies used in different countries.
2)  The fair value is calculated by external valuers. 
3)  Of which EUR 306m related to investment properties in pooled schemes and unit-linked investments in Life.
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.
tors. Each of these is addressed by applying different assump-
tions to input and/or the choice of modelling approach. 
Besides these common factors a number of asset class spe-
cific factors are addressed. These include equity dividend 
expectations, recovery assumptions for credit derivatives and 
inflation expectations. The fair values of derivatives are pre-
sented as the net of assets and liabilities.
In order to calculate the sensitivity (range) in fair value of 
shares and interest-bearing securities the fair value was 
increased and decreased within a total range of 2–10 per-
centage units depending on the valuation uncertainty and 
underlying assumptions. Higher ranges are applied to instru-
ments with more uncertain valuations relative to actively 
traded instruments and underlying uncertainties in individual 
assumptions.

--- Page 457 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
172
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
Investment properties
31 Dec 2018, EURm 
Fair value1
Of which 
Life
Valuation techniques
Unobservable input
Range of 
unobservable input
Weighted average of 
­unobservable input
Norway
620
620
Discounted cash flows
Market rent
- Office
102–729 EUR/m2
284 EUR/m2
- Other
126 EUR/m2
126 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Office
3.9%–6.0%
4.8%
- Other
6.5%–9.5%
7.7%
Finland3
881
881
Discounted cash flows2
Market rent
- Commercial
144–233 EUR/m2
189 EUR/m2
- Office
123–294 EUR/m2
208 EUR/m2
- Apartment
189–306 EUR/m2
248 EUR/m2
- Other
231–288 EUR/m2
260 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Commercial
5.8%–7.0%
6.4%
- Office
4.3%–8.3%
6.3%
- Apartment
3.3%–4.8%
4.0%
- Other
4.5%–6.3%
5.4%
Sweden
245
245
Discounted cash flows2
Market rent
- Commercial
66–209 EUR/m2
124 EUR/m2
- Office
233 EUR/m2
233 EUR/m2
- Apartment
169–179 EUR/m2
174 EUR/m2
- Other
66 EUR/m2
66 EUR/m2
Yield requirement
- Commercial
5.3%–6.8%
5.8%
- Office
4.6%–5.0%
4.8%
- Apartment
3.8%–4.7%
4.0%
- Other
7.0%–7.2%
7.1%
Other
19
–
Discounted cash flows
  –
–
–
Total
1,765
1,746
1)  Split based on the valuation methodologies used in different countries.
2)  The fair value is calculated by external valuers. 
3)  Of which EUR 158m related to investment properties in pooled schemes and unit-linked investments in Life.
The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value 
measurement of the investment properties are market rent 
and yield requirement. Significant increases (decreases) in 
market rate or yield requirement in isolation would result in  
a significant lower (higher) fair value.
Movements in deferred Day 1 profit
The transaction price for financial instruments in some cases 
differs from the fair value at initial recognition measured 
using a valuation model, mainly due to the transaction price  
not being established in an active market. If there are signifi-
cant unobservable inputs used in the valuation technique 
(Level 3), the financial instrument is recognised at the trans-
action price and any difference between the transaction price 
and fair value at initial recognition measured using a valua-
tion model (Day 1 profit) is deferred. For more information see 
Note G1 “Accounting policies”. The table below shows the 
aggregate difference yet to be recognised in the income 
statement at the beginning and end of the period and a rec-
onciliation of how this aggregated difference has changed 
during the year (movements in deferred Day 1 profit).
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.

--- Page 458 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
173
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Deferred Day 1 profit – derivatives, net
EURm
2019
2018
Amount at beginning of year
81
58
Deferred profit/loss on new transactions
85
62
Recognised in the income statement during the year1 
–41
–39
Amount at end of year
125
81
1)  Of which EUR –m (EUR –m) due to transfers of derivatives from Level 3 to Level 2.
Cash and balances with central banks 
The fair value of “Cash and balances with central banks” is due 
to its short term nature assumed to equal the carrying amount 
and is thus is categorised into Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
Loans
The fair value of “Loans to central banks”, “Loans to credit 
institutions” and “Loans to the public” has been estimated by 
discounting the expected future cash flows with an assumed 
customer interest rate that would have been used on the mar-
ket if the loans had been issued at the time of the measure-
ment. The assumed customer interest rate is calculated as the 
benchmark interest rate plus the average margin on new 
lending in Personal Banking, Business Banking and Large 
Corporates & Institutions respectively.
The fair value measurement is categorised into Level 3 in 
the fair value hierarchy.
Interest-bearing securities
The fair value is EUR 3,606m (EUR 3,496m), of which EUR 
237m (EUR 0m) is categorised in Level 1 and EUR 3,369m 
(EUR 3,496m) in Level 2. The measurement principles follow 
those for similar instruments that are held at fair value on the 
balance sheet.
Other assets and prepaid expenses and accrued income
The balance sheet items “Other assets” and “Prepaid expens-
es and accrued income” consist of short receivables, mainly 
accrued interest receivables. The fair value is therefore con-
sidered to equal the carrying amount and is categorised into 
Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
Deposits and debt instruments
The fair value of “Deposits by credit institutions”, “Deposits and 
borrowings from the public”, “Debt securities in issue” and 
“Subordinated liabilities” has been calculated as the carrying 
amount adjusted for fair value changes in interest rate risk and 
in own credit risk. The fair value is categorised into Level 3 in 
the fair value hierarchy. The fair value changes related to inter-
est rate risk are based on changes in relevant interest rates 
compared with corresponding nominal interest rate in the 
portfolios. The fair value changes in the credit risk are calcu-
lated as the difference between the credit spread in the nomi-
nal interest rate compared with the current spread that is 
observed in the market. This calculation is performed on an 
aggregated level for all long-term issuances recognised in the 
balance sheet items “Debt securities in issue” and “Subordi-
nated liabilities”. As the contractual maturity is short for 
“Deposits by credit institutions” and “Deposits and borrowing 
from the public” the changes in Nordea´s own credit risk relat-
ed to these items are assumed not to be significant. This is also 
the case for short-term issuances recognised in the balance 
sheet items “Debt securities in issue” and “Subordinated 
liabilities”.
Other liabilities and accrued expenses and prepaid income
The balance sheet items “Other liabilities” and “Accrued 
expenses and prepaid income” consist of short-term liabili-
ties, mainly liabilities on securities settlement. The fair value is 
therefore considered to be equal to the carrying amount and 
is categorised into Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
Financial assets and liabilities not held at fair value on the balance sheet
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
EURm
Carrying amount
Fair value
Carrying amount
Fair value
Level in fair 
value hierarchy
Assets not held at fair value on the balance sheet
Cash and balances with central banks
35,509
35,509
41,578
41,578
3
Loans
257,056
259,786
249,913
253,159
3
Interest-bearing securities
3,489
3,606
3,384
3,496
1,2
Other assets
1,079
1,079
955
955
3
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
693
693
989
989
3
Total 
297,826
300,673
296,819
300,177
Liabilities not held at fair value on the balance sheet
Deposits and debt instruments
334,417
335,162
338,438
339,225
3
Other liabilities
3,409
3,409
989
989
3
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
215
215
273
273
3
Total 
338,041
338,786
339,700
340,487
G41.  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont.

--- Page 459 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
174
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G42.  Financial instruments set off on balance 
or subject to netting agreements
Amounts not set off but subject to master  
­netting agreements and similar agreements
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Gross 
­recognised 
financial 
assets1
Gross recognised 
financial liabilities 
set off on the 
­balance sheet
Net carrying 
amount on the 
balance sheet2
Financial 
instruments
Financial 
­collateral 
received 
Cash ­collateral 
received
Net amount
Assets
Derivatives
126,040
–87,038
39,002
–27,317
–
–9,987
1,698
Reverse repurchase agreements
38,143
–9,965
28,178
–
–28,178
–
0
Securities borrowing agreements
4,324
–
4,324
–
–3,223
–
1,101
Variation margin
382
–382
0
–
–
–
0
Total
168,889
–97,385
71,504
–27,317
–31,401
–9,987
2,799
Amounts not set off but subject to master  
­netting agreements and similar agreements
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Gross 
­recognised 
financial 
liabilities1
Gross recognised 
financial assets 
set off on the 
­balance sheet
Net carrying 
amount on the 
balance sheet2
Financial 
instruments
Financial 
­collateral 
pledged 
Cash ­collateral 
pledged
Net amount
Liabilities
Derivatives
125,813
–84,423
41,390
–27,317
–
–4,676
9,397
Repurchase agreements
24,351
–9,965
14,386
–
–14,356
–
30
Securities lending agreements
2,500
–
2,500
–
–2,500
–
0
Variation margin
2,996
–2,997
0
–
–
–
0
Total
155,660
–97,385
58,276
–27,317
–16,856
–4,676
9,427
1)  All amounts are measured at fair value , except for the reverse repurchase agreements of EUR 3,169m and repurchase agreements of EUR 3,211m which are measured at amortised cost.
2)  Reverse repurchase agreements and Securities borrowing agreements are on the balance sheet classified as Loans to central banks, Loans to credit  institutions or Loans to the pub-
lic. Repurchase agreements and Securities lending agreements are on the balance sheet classified as Deposits by  credit institution or as Deposits and borrowings from the public.
Amounts not set off but subject to master  
­netting agreements and similar agreements
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Gross 
­recognised 
financial 
assets1
Gross recognised 
financial liabilities 
set off on the 
­balance sheet
Net carrying 
amount on the 
balance sheet2
Financial 
instruments
Financial 
­collateral 
received 
Cash ­collateral 
received
Net amount
Assets
Derivatives
110,616
–73,806
36,810
–22,881
–
–10,183
3,746
Reverse repurchase agreements
37,336
–12,448
24,888
–
–24,888
–
0
Securities borrowing agreements
4,176
–
4,176
–
–2,444
–
1,732
Variation margin
453
–453
0
–
–
–
0
Total
152,581
–86,707
65,874
–22,881
–27,332
–10,183
5,478
Amounts not set off but subject to master  
­netting agreements and similar agreements
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Gross 
­recognised 
financial 
liabilities1
Gross recognised 
financial assets 
set off on the ­ 
balance sheet
Net carrying 
amount on the 
balance sheet2
Financial 
instruments
Financial 
­collateral 
pledged 
Cash ­collateral 
pledged
Net amount
Liabilities
Derivatives
107,209
–70,998
36,211
–22,881
–
–4,311
9,019
Repurchase agreements
29,092
–12,448
16,644
–
–16,644
–
0
Securities lending agreements
2,963
–
2,963
–
–3,703
–
–740
Variation margin
3,261
–3,261
0
–
–
–
0
Total
142,525
–86,707
55,818
–22,881
–20,347
–4,311
8,279
1)  All amounts are measured at fair value, except for reverse repurchase agreements of EUR 3,217m and repurchase agreements of EUR 3,210m which are measured at amortised cost.
2)  Reverse repurchase agreements and Securities borrowing agreements are on the balance sheet classified as Loans to central banks, Loans to credit institutions or Loans to the pub-
lic. Repurchase agreements and Securities lending agreements are on the balance sheet classified as Deposits by credit institution or as Deposits and borrowings from the public.

--- Page 460 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
175
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G42.  Financial instruments set off on balance 
or subject to netting agreements, cont.
Enforceable master netting arrangements  
and similar agreements
The fact that financial instruments are accounted for on a 
gross basis on the balance sheet, would not imply that the 
financial instruments are not subject to master netting agree-
ments or similar arrangements. Generally financial instru-
ments (derivatives, repos and securities lending transactions)
would be subject to master netting agreements, and Nordea 
would consequently be able to benefit from netting, in the 
event of its counter-parties defaulting, in any calculations 
involving counterparty credit risk.
For a description of counterparty risk, see the section 
Counterparty risk in Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity 
management”.
G43.  Transferred assets 
and obtained collaterals
Transferred assets that are not derecognised 
in their entirety and associated liabilities
Assets are considered to be transferred from Nordea if 
Nordea either transfers the contractual right to receive the 
cash flows from the asset or to retain that right, but has a 
contractual obligation to pay the cash flows to one or more 
entities.
All assets transferred continue to be recognised on the bal-
ance sheet if Nordea is still exposed to changes in the fair 
value of the assets. This is the case for repurchase agree-
ments and securities lending transactions. 
Repurchase agreements are a form of collateralised bor-
rowing whereby Nordea sells securities with an agreement to 
repurchase them at a later date at a fixed price. The cash 
received is recognised as a deposit (liability). Securities deliv-
ered under repurchase agreements are not derecognised 
from the balance sheet. 
Securities lending transactions are transactions whereby 
­Nordea lends securities it holds to a counterpart and receives 
a fee.
As both repurchase agreements and securities lending 
transactions result in securities being returned to Nordea, all 
risks and rewards of the instruments transferred are retained 
by Nordea, although they are not available to ­Nordea during 
the period during which they are transferred. The counter-
parts in the transactions hold the securities as collateral, but 
have no recourse to other assets in Nordea.
The securities still reported on the balance sheet and the 
corresponding liabilities are measured at fair value.
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Repurchase agreements
Interest-bearing securities
7,151
7,568
Securities lending agreements
Shares
–
–
Total
7,151
7,568
Liabilities associated with the assets
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Repurchase agreements
7,150
7,564
Securities lending agreements
–
–
Securitisations
–
–
Total
7,150
7,564
Net
1
4
Obtained collaterals that are permitted  
to be sold or repledged
Nordea obtains collaterals under reverse repurchase and 
securities borrowing agreements which, under the terms of 
the agreements, can be sold or repledged. The transactions 
are conducted under standard agreements employed by 
financial markets participants. Generally, the agreements 
require additional collateral to be provided if the value of the 
securities falls below a predetermined level. Under standard 
terms for most repurchase transactions, the recipient of col-
lateral has an unrestricted right to sell or repledge it, subject 
to returning equivalent securities upon settlement of the 
transactions. The fair value of the securities obtained as col-
lateral under reverse repurchase and securities borrowing 
agreements is disclosed below.
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Reverse repurchase agreements
Received collaterals that can be repledged  
or sold
36,218
35,632
- of which repledged or sold
15,791
19,661
Securities borrowing agreements
Received collaterals that can be repledged  
or sold
5,680
5,648
- of which repledged or sold
2,612
2,980
Total
41,898
41,280
G43.  Transferred assets and 
obtained collaterals, cont.

--- Page 461 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
176
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
G44.   Maturity analysis for assets and liabilities
Expected maturity
31 Dec 2019 
Expected to be recovered or settled:
31 Dec 2018 
Expected to be recovered or settled:
EURm
Note
Within 12 
months
After 12 
months
Total
Within 12 
months
After 12 
months
Total
Cash and balances with central banks 
35,509
–
35,509
41,578
–
41,578
Loans to central banks 
G14
9,207
–
9,207
7,642
–
7,642
Loans to credit institutions
G14
7,629
887
8,516
10,856
464
11,320
Loans to the public
G14
71,994
250,746
322,740
77,834
230,470
308,304
Interest-bearing securities
G15
20,021
44,909
64,930
36,619
39,603
76,222
Financial instruments pledged as collateral
G16
–
7,151
7,151
7,568
–
7,568
Shares
G17
6,474
7,710
14,184
6,049
6,403
12,452
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
G18
22,371
8,428
30,799
17,314
7,269
24,583
Derivatives
G19
7,097
32,014
39,111
7,463
29,562
37,025
Fair value changes of the hedged items in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
44
173
217
74
95
169
Investments in associated undertakings 
and joint ventures
G20
–
572
572
139
1,462
1,601
Intangible assets
G21
4
3,691
3,695
205
3,830
4,035
Properties and equipment
G22
169
1,833
2,002
127
419
546
Investment properties
G24
715
870
1,585
16
1,591
1,607
Deferred tax assets
G12
23
464
487
17
147
164
Current tax assets
362
–
362
284
–
284
Retirement benefit assets
G34
–
173
173
–
246
246
Other assets
G25
11,944
599
12,543
14,554
195
14,749
Prepaid expenses and accrued income
G26
805
260
1,065
1,094
219
1,313
Total assets
194,368
360,480
554,848
229,433
321,975
551,408
Deposits by credit institutions
G27
32,117
187
32,304
36,690
5,729
42,419
Deposits and borrowings from the public
G28
159,446
9,279
168,725
159,718
5,240
164,958
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-
linked investment contracts
G18
6,188
25,671
31,859
5,242
20,411
25,653
Liabilities to policyholders
G29
1,056
18,190
19,246
1,939
16,291
18,230
Debt securities in issue 
G30
65,196
128,530
193,726
71,549
118,873
190,422
Derivatives
G19
8,955
33,092
42,047
8,168
31,379
39,547
Fair value changes of the hedged items in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
1,521
497
2,018
616
657
1,273
Current tax liabilities
742
–
742
414
–
414
Other liabilities1
G31
18,589
1,279
19,868
23,233
82
23,315
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
G32
1,471
5
1,476
1,646
50
1,696
Deferred tax liabilities
G12
95
386
481
40
666
706
Provisions
G33
228
342
570
250
71
321
Retirement benefit liabilities
G34
–
439
439
–
398
398
Subordinated liabilities
G35
2,512
7,307
9,819
536
8,619
9,155
Total liabilities 
298,116
225,204
523,320
310,041
208,466
518,507
1)  Of which liabilities related to right of use assets
138
1,087
1,225
–
–
–

--- Page 462 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
177
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Contractual undiscounted cash flows
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 
3 months
3–12 months
1–5 years
More than 
5 years
Total
Interest-bearing financial assets 
50,749
84,251
49,047
137,161
205,741
526,949
Non interest-bearing financial assets
–
–
–
–
67,685
67,685
Non-financial assets
–
–
–
–
10,240
10,240
Total assets 
50,749
84,251
49,047
137,161
283,666
604,874
Interest-bearing financial liabilities 
152,847
88,214
46,689
100,431
38,667
426,848
Non interest-bearing financial liabilities
–
–
–
–
108,226
108,226
Non-financial liabilities and equity
–
–
–
–
52,030
52,030
Total liabilities and equity
152,847
88,214
46,689
100,431
198,923
587,104
Derivatives, cash inflow
–
569,174
151,980
237,205
87,566
1,045,925
Derivatives, cash outflow
–
568,210
153,460
237,308
87,015
1,045,993
Net exposure 
–
964
–1,480
–103
551
–68
Exposure
–102,098
–2,999
878
36,627
85,294
17,702
Cumulative exposure
–102,098
–105,097
–104,219
–67,592
17,702
–
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Payable on 
demand
Maximum 
3 months
3–12 months
1–5 years
More than 
5 years
Total
Interest-bearing financial assets 
56,154
84,802
49,015
143,084
210,748
543,803
Non interest-bearing financial assets
–
–
–
–
61,648
61,648
Non-financial assets
–
–
–
–
10,286
10,286
Total assets 
56,154
84,802
49,015
143,084
282,682
615,737
Interest-bearing financial liabilities 
148,248
99,049
42,558
104,831
37,452
432,138
Non interest-bearing financial liabilities
–
–
–
–
104,805
104,805
Non-financial liabilities and equity
–
–
–
–
55,657
55,657
Total liabilities and equity
148,248
99,049
42,558
104,831
197,914
592,600
Derivatives, cash inflow
–
574,388
174,708
264,725
89,041
1,102,862
Derivatives, cash outflow
–
565,441
174,087
273,162
90,700
1,103,390
Net exposure 
–
8,947
621
–8,437
–1,659
–528
Exposure
–92,094
–5,300
7,078
29,816
83,109
22,609
Cumulative exposure
–92,094
–97,394
–90,316
–60,500
22,609
–
The table is based on contractual maturities for the on bal-
ance sheet items. For derivatives, the expected cash inflows 
and outflows are disclosed for both derivative assets and 
derivative liabilities, as derivatives are managed on a net 
basis. In addition to the instruments on the balance sheet 
items, Nordea has credit commitments amounting to  
EUR 75,330m (EUR 73,287m), which could be drawn on at 
any time. Nordea has also issued guarantees of EUR 16,646m 
(EUR 16,383m) which may lead to future cash outflows if 
­certain events occur. For further information about remaining 
maturity, see also Note G2 “Risk and Liquidity management”.	
	
	
	
	
	
	
G44.   Maturity analysis for assets and liabilities, cont.

--- Page 463 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
178
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
The information below is presented from a Nordea perspec-
tive, meaning that the information shows the effect from 
related party transactions on the Nordea figures.
Associated  
undertakings and 
joint ventures
Other related  
parties1
EURm
31 Dec 
2019
31 Dec 
2018
31 Dec 
2019
31 Dec 
2018
Assets
Loans
143
498
–
–
Interest-bearing securities
–
1,635
92
98
Derivatives
3
142
51
116
Other assets
66
2
41
11
Total assets
212
2,277
184
225
Liabilities
Deposits
8
587
524
759
Debt securities in issue
–
25
–
–
Derivatives
8
226
10
19
Other liabilities
–
107
2
1
Total liabilities 
16
945
536
779
Off balance
21
1,823
5
–
Associated  
undertakings and 
joint ventures
Other related  
parties1
EURm
2019
2018
2019
2018
Net interest income
1
23
2
3
Net fee and commission income
3
–15
–
–
Net result from items at fair value
5
–428
–12
51
Other operating income
1
1
–
–
Total operating expenses
0
–15
–
–
Profit before loan losses
10
–434
–10
54
1)  Shareholders with significant influence and close family members of key management 
personnel at Nordea, as well as companies controlled by key management personnel 
or by close family members of key management personnel at Nordea, are considered 
to be related parties to Nordea. This group of related parties includes Sampo Plc, 
which has a significant influence over Nordea, and the subsidiaries of Sampo Plc.  
Liabilities to Sampo Plc and its subsidiaries consist mainly of deposits and long-term 
investments in bonds issued by Nordea. The transactions with Sampo Plc and its sub-
sidiaries also include several ongoing derivative contracts. Other related parties also 
include Nordea's pension foundations. 
With the exception of compensation, certain loans and other 
commitments to key management, all related party transac-
tions are made on the same criteria and terms as those of 
comparable transactions with external parties of similar 
standing.
Compensation and loans to key management personnel
Compensation and loans to key management personnel are 
specified in Note G8 “Staff costs“. Certain other commitments 
to key management are noted in Note G38 ”Contingent 
liabilities”.
G45.  Related-party transactions
G46.  Interests in structured entities
Structured entities are entities designed so that voting or  
similar rights are not the dominant factor in deciding who 
controls the entity. It normally has restricted activities with  
a narrow and well-defined objective. If Nordea controls such 
an entity, it is consolidated.
Consolidated structured entities
The Viking ABCP Conduit (Viking) has been established with 
the purpose of supporting trade receivable or accounts pay-
able securitisations to core Nordic customers. The SPEs pur-
chase trade receivables from the approved sellers and fund 
the purchases either by issuing Commercial Papers (CP) via 
the established Asset Backed Commercial Papers programme 
or by drawing funds on the liquidity facilities available. 
Nordea has provided liquidity facilities to a maximum of 
EUR 952m (EUR 1,060m) and at year-end EUR 871m  
(EUR 938m) was utilised. Total assets in the conduit were 
EUR 904m (EUR 971m) at year-end. The SPE is consolidated 
as it is closely linked to the activities within Nordea. Also, 
Nordea is exposed to credit risk through the liquidity facility. 
There are no significant restrictions on repayment of loans 
from Viking apart from the payments being dependent on the 
rate at which Viking releases its assets.
AR Finance invests in notes backed by trade receivables. 
Nordea has provided liquidity facilities to a maximum of EUR 
125m (EUR 125m) and at year-end EUR 83m (EUR 114m) was 
utilised. The entity holds assets of EUR 84m (EUR 117m) at 
year-end.
Unconsolidated structured entities
For structured entities in which Nordea has an interest but 
not control, disclosures are provided. To be considered to 
have an interest in such an entity, Nordea must be exposed to 
variability in returns on the investment in the structured enti-
ty. Investment funds are the only interests in unconsolidated 
structured entities Nordea currently holds. Variability in 
returns is assessed based on both fees received and revalua-
tion of holdings in the funds.
There are several different products in which Nordea invests 
in investment funds:
a) on behalf of policyholders in Nordea Life & Pensions
b) on behalf of depositors where the return is based the 
investment
c) hedge exposures in structured products issued to 
customers
d) illiquid investments in private equity and credit funds
As Nordea is exposed to variability in returns on a gross basis, 
information about these funds is disclosed although the net 
exposure is considerably less. Any change in the value of 
investment funds acquired on behalf of policyholders and 
depositors, for which the policyholder/depositor bears the 
investment risk, is reflected in the value of the related liability 
and the maximum net exposure to losses is zero. The change 
in value in investment funds held on behalf of other policy-
holders is largely passed on to the policyholders, but as 
Nordea has issued guarantees in some of these products, 
Nordea is exposed to the changes in value.

--- Page 464 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
179
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
Investment funds acquired to hedge exposures in struc-
tured products reduce the exposures and, to the extent hedg-
es are effective, Nordea is not exposed to changes in value. 
The maximum loss on these funds is estimated at EUR 1m 
(EUR 3m), net of hedges.
Investments in illiquid private equity and credit funds are 
an integral part of managing balance sheet risks in Nordea. 
The maximum loss on these funds is estimated at EUR 600m 
(EUR 509m), equal to the investment in the funds.
Nordea's interests in unconsolidated structured entities 
and any related liability are disclosed in the table below. The 
carrying amount is the maximum exposure to credit loss, 
before considering any hedges. Income related to these 
investments is recognised in “Net result from items at fair 
value”.
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Assets, carrying amount:
Shares
10,899
8,044
Assets in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
26,653
22,179
Total assets
37,552
30,223
Liabilities, carrying amount:
Deposits in pooled schemes and unit-linked 
investment contracts
26,653
22,179
Liabilities to policyholders
10,171
7,435
Total liabilities
36,824
29,614
Off balance, nominal amount:
Loan commitments
0
0
Nordea holds approximately 2,500 different funds that are 
classified as unconsolidated structured entities, approximate-
ly 400 of which are managed by Nordea. These have different 
investment mandates and risk appetites, ranging from low-
risk government bond funds to high-risk leveraged equity 
funds. Total assets in funds managed by Nordea are EUR 
177bn (EUR 151bn). All funds are financed by deposits from 
the units holders. The total assets in investment funds not 
managed by Nordea are not considered meaningful for the 
purpose of understanding the related risks and are thus not 
disclosed.
Nordea has sponsored two unconsolidated structured enti-
ties in which Nordea does not currently have an interest, 
Archean and Thulite. Nordea has established the entities but 
has no influence over them, and is thus considered to have 
sponsored them. During 2019, Thulite entered into one trans-
action, where it issued bonds and deposited funds with 
Nordea, as well as entering into a CDS selling credit protec-
tion to Nordea. Nordea has not recognised any income during 
2019 from Thulite. Archean has issued a guarantee in favour 
of Nordea and Nordea has received compensation amounting 
to EUR 18m from Archean under this guarantee during 2019.	
G46.   Interests in structured entities, cont.

--- Page 465 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
180
Annual Report 2019  Nordea
The table below presents for each country where Nordea is 
established, (i.e. where Nordea has a physical presence), 
information about the businesses, geographical area, average 
number of employees, total operating income, operating prof-
it and income tax expense. Nordea is considered to have a 
physical presence in a country if Nordea has a subsidiary, 
associated undertaking or branch in that country. Nordea has 
not received any significant government subsidies.
2019
2018
Country
Business1
Geographical 
area
Average 
number of 
employees
Total 
­operating 
income2, 
EURm
Operating 
profit, 
EURm
Income 
tax 
expense, 
EURm
Average 
number of 
employees
Total 
­operating 
income2, 
EURm
Operating 
profit, 
EURm
Income 
tax 
expense, 
EURm
Denmark
RB, CB, AM, LP
Denmark
7,904
2,588
424
–47
8,505
2,655
898
–159
Finland
RB, CB, AM, LP
Finland
6,368
2,110
198
–90
6,459
1,820
694
–164
Sweden 
RB, CB, AM, LP
Sweden
6,712
2,304
442
–150
7,055
3,083
1,080
–302
Norway
RB, CB, AM, LP
Norway
2,952
1,691
726
–198
2,962
1,668
1,061
–161
Russia
CB
Russia
335
53
29
–9
396
62
38
–8
Poland
Other
Poland
4,006
177
5
–2
2,980
124
1
1
Estonia
Other 
Estonia
432
19
3
0
253
10
1
0
Luxembourg
AM, LP
Luxembourg
254
276
179
–53
434
326
180
–54
United States
RB, CB, AM, LP
New York
116
90
49
–7
116
87
–65
–21
United Kingdom
RB, CB, AM, LP
London
54
66
40
–11
58
81
57
–3
Singapore
CB
Singapore
64
26
9
–1
75
33
–1
–1
Germany
CB, AM
Frankfurt
45
21
8
–4
44
18
8
1
Switzerland
AM
Zürich
5
2
0
0
10
2
0
0
China
CB
Shanghai
29
6
0
1
29
7
1
–1
Italy
AM
Rome
10
6
1
0
9
5
0
0
Spain
AM
Madrid
6
2
0
0
5
2
0
0
Brazil
AM
Sao Paolo
0
1
–
–
2
1
0
0
France
AM
Paris
3
1
0
0
3
1
0
0
Chile
AM
Santiago
3
2
0
0
–
–
–
–
Belgium
AM
Belgium
2
0
0
0
–
–
–
–
Eliminations3
–
–806
–
–
–
–813
–
–
Total
29,300
8,635
2,113
–571
29,395
9,172
3,953
–872
1)  RB= Retail banking, CB=Commercial banking, AM=Asset management, LP=Life and Pension. Split based on Nordea’s business activities, not on Nordea’s organisational units.
2)  Total operating income presented in this table is split by countries based on where Nordea has a physical presence, i.e. where Nordea has a subsidiary, associated undertaking or 
branch, while total operating profit presented in Note G3 is split by countries based on the location of the customers´ operations.
3)  Eliminations of transactions consist mainly of intragroup IT services.
Denmark
Nordea Danmark Filial af Nordea Bank Abp, 
Finland
Nordea Investment Management AB, Denmark 
Branch
Nordea Fund Management, filial af Nordea 
funds Oy, Finland
Finland
Nordea Life Assurance Finland Ltd
Nordea Investment Management AB, Finland 
Branch
Sweden 
Nordea Bank Abp filial i Sverige
Nordea Life Holding AB
Nordea Livförsäkring Sverige AB (publ)
Nordea Funds Ab, Swedish Branch
Norway
Livforsikringsselskapet Nordea Liv Norge AS
Nordea Investment Management AB, Norway 
Branch
Nordea Funds Ltd, Norwegian Branch
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge
Italy
Nordea Investment Funds S.A. Italian Branch
 
France
Nordea Investment Funds S.A. French Branch
Estonia
Nordea Bank AB Estonia Branch
Belgium
Nordea Investment Funds S.A. Belgium Branch
Germany
Nordea Bank Abp Niederlassung Frankfurt
Nordea Funds Services GmbH (Germany)
Nordea Investment Funds S.A. German Branch
China
Nordea Bank Abp Shanghai Branch
Poland
Nordea Bank Abp Spolka Akcyjna Oddzial w 
Polsce
Singapore
Nordea Bank Abp Singapore Branch
Switzerland 
Nordea Asset Management Schweiz GmbH
Spain 
Nordea Investment Funds S.A. Sucursal en 
Espana
United Kingdom 
Nordea Bank AB London Branch 
Nordea Investment Funds S.A. UK Branch
United States 
Nordea Bank Abp New York Branch
Chile 
NAM Chile SpA
Nordea also discloses the names of the subsidiaries, associ-
ated undertakings and branches for each country where 
Nordea is established. These disclosures are presented in the 
table below, in the last table “Group undertakings included in 
the Nordea Group” in the section “Capital adequacy for the 
Nordea Group” and in the last table in Note G20 “Investments 
in associated undertakings and Joint Ventures”.
G47.  Country by country reporting

--- Page 466 ---
Notes to the financial statement – Nordea Group
181
Nordea  Annual Report 2019
G48.  Acquisitions
Acquisition of Gjensidige Bank	
On 2 July 2018, Nordea entered into an agreement with	
Gjensidige Forsikring to acquire all shares in Gjensidige	
Bank. The transaction was closed on 1 March 2019, when	
Nordea received final approval from the Norwegian regula-
tors. 1 March is the acquisition date and the date from which 
the acquired assets and liabilities are recognised on Nordea’s 
balance sheet. Assets and liabilities acquired are disclosed in 
the table below.	
The following purchase price allocation (PPA) has been 
established as of 1 March 2019.
EURm
1 Mar 2019
Loans to the public1 
5,185
Interest-bearing securities
608
Accruals and other assets
93
Deposits from the public
–2,315
Debt securities in issue1
–3,022
Accruals and other liabilities
–108
Acquired net assets
441
Purchase price, settled in cash
576
Cost of combination
576
Surplus value
135
Allocation of surplus value:
Non-controlling interest
–46
Customer intangible
29
Brands
8
Deferred tax liability
–6
Goodwill
150
1)  Including adjustments for fair value for loans and debt securities in issue measured 
at amortised cost in Gjensidige.
The fair value of loans in the table above included allow-
ances for the contractual cash flows not expected to be col-
lected. The allowances amounts to EUR 37m.
Nordea has identified a number of intangible assets in the 
acquisition. Two different customer related intangibles have 
been identified, one for deposit customers and one for lend-
ing customers. The value of the deposit customers is related 
to the funding they provide at interest rates lower than other 
funding. The customer intangible related to lending reflects 
the profit generated in specific portfolios. Amortisation of the 
deposit-related intangible is done over eight years, while the 
intangible related to the loans is amortised over four years, 
reflecting the pace at which customers can be expected to 
leave. The consumer finance business in Gjensidige is distrib-
uted through the brand Oppfinans, which is included in the 
acquisition. The brand has been valued using a royalty rate of 
3.5%. Goodwill arises mainly due to the synergies Nordea 
expects to achieve. Integrating the business in Gjensidige into 
Nordea will create cost synergies as well as some income 
synergies. The brand and the goodwill are expected to have 
indefinite lives and are consequently not amortised.
The Additional Tier 1 instrument accounted for as equity in 
Gjensidige is reported as a non-controlling interest in the 
Nordea consolidated accounts. The impact on Nordea’s net 
profit for the year was insignificant.

--- Page 467 ---
281
1)	 Employee representative.
*	 The total amount of the dividend payment and the amount carried forward as distributable retained earnings after the dividend pay-out, will be adjusted based on the amount of trea-
sury shares held by Nordea Bank Abp at the record date for the dividend payment.
Signing
Board of Directors’ proposal for the distribution of profits
On 31 December 2019, Nordea Bank Abp’s distributable earn-
ings, including profit for the financial year, were EUR 
18,166,606,378.45 and the unrestricted equity reserve was 
EUR 4,590,425,994.62. The Board of Directors proposes to the 
Annual General Meeting of Nordea Bank Abp to be held on 
25 March 2020 that a dividend of EUR 0.40 per share be paid 
based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial 
year ending 31 December 2019.
The Company’s number of shares is 4,049,951,919. The total 
dividend payment for 2019, excluding dividend for treasury 
shares, would then be EUR 1,615,656,843.60* and it would be 
paid from retained earnings. After the dividend pay-out,  
EUR 16,550,949,534.85* is to be carried forward as distribut-
able retained earnings.
No material changes have taken place in the financial posi-
tion of the Company since the end of the financial period and 
the proposed dividend does not compromise the Company’s 
solvency. 
Nordea Bank Abp is the parent company of the Nordea Group 
and domiciled in Helsinki, Finland. A copy of the report by the 
Board of Directors and financial statements are available at 
Aleksis Kiven katu 7, 00500 Helsinki and on Nordea’s website 
at www.nordea.com.
Auditor’s note
A report on the audit has been issued today.
Helsinki, 26 February 2020
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy
Authorised Public Accountants
Juha Wahlroos 
Authorised Public Accountant (KHT)
Signatures to the Financial Statements and the Board of Directors report 
Helsinki, 20 February 2020
Torbjörn Magnusson
Chair
Frank Vang-Jensen
President and Group CEO
Kari Jordan
Vice Chair
Dorrit Groth Brandt
Board member1
Pernille Erenbjerg 
Board member
Nigel Hinshelwood 
Board member
Petra van Hoeken
Board member
Robin Lawther
Board member
John Maltby
Board member
Gerhard Olsson
Board member1
Hans Christian Riise
Board member1
Sarah Russell
Board member
Birger Steen
Board member
Maria Varsellona
Board member
Nordea  Annual Report 2019

--- Page 468 ---
Auditor’s report
282
Auditor’s report (Translation of the Swedish original)
To the Annual General Meeting of Nordea Bank Abp
Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements 
Opinion
In our opinion  
•	 the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the group’s financial position and financial performance 
and cash flows in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU
•	 the financial statements give a true and fair view of the parent company’s financial performance and financial position in 
accordance with the laws and regulations governing the preparation of the financial statements in Finland and comply 
with statutory requirements.
Our opinion is consistent with the additional report to the Audit Committee.
What we have audited
We have audited the financial statements of Nordea Bank Abp (business identity code 2858394-9) for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2019. The financial statements comprise: 
•	 the consolidated balance sheet, income statement, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity, 
statement of cash flows and notes, including a summary of significant accounting policies
•	 the parent company’s balance sheet, income statement, statement of cash flows and notes.
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with good auditing practice in Finland. Our responsibilities under good auditing 
practice are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our 
report.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.  
Independence
We are independent of the parent company and of the group companies in accordance with the ethical requirements that 
are applicable in Finland and are relevant to our audit, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance 
with these requirements.
To the best of our knowledge and belief, the non-audit services that we have provided to the parent company and to the 
group companies are in accordance with the applicable law and regulations in Finland and we have not provided non-audit 
services that are prohibited under Article 5(1) of Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. The non-audit services that we have provid-
ed are disclosed in Note G9 Other expenses/Auditors’ fees to the consolidated financial statements.
Our Audit Approach
Overview
•	 Overall group materiality: € 200 million, which represents 0,65 % of equity.
•	 The group audit scope encompassed all significant group companies, as well a number of smaller 
group companies in Nordic countries, covering the vast majority of revenue, assets and liabilities.
•	 Impairment of loans to customers
•	 Valuation of financial instruments held at fair value
•	 Actuarial assumptions related to the Life business
•	 IT systems supporting processes over financial reporting.
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the financial 
statements. In particular, we considered where management made subjective judgements; for example, in respect of signifi-
cant accounting estimates that involved making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain.
Annual Report 2019  Nordea

--- Page 469 ---
Auditor’s report
283
Materiality
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. An audit is designed to obtain reasonable assurance 
whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They 
are considered material if individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic deci-
sions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.
Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain quantitative thresholds for materiality, including the overall 
group materiality for the consolidated financial statements as set out in the table below. These, together with qualitative 
considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and 
to evaluate the effect of misstatements on the financial statements as a whole.
 
Overall group materiality
€ 200 million
How we determined it
0,65 % of equity
Rationale for the materiality 
benchmark applied
We chose equity as the benchmark because, in our view, it is the benchmark 
against which the capital resources of the bank are most commonly mea-
sured by users and is a generally accepted benchmark. We chose 0,65% 
which is within the range of acceptable quantitative materiality thresholds 
in auditing standards.
How we tailored our group audit scope
We tailored the scope of our audit, taking into account the structure of the Nordea group, the accounting processes and 
controls, and the industry in which the group operates.
We determined the type of work that needed to be performed at group companies by us, as the group engagement team, 
or by component auditors from other PwC network firms operating under our instruction.  Where the work was performed 
by component auditors, we issued specific instructions to reporting component auditors which included our risk analysis, 
materiality and audit approach to centralized systems. Audits were performed in group companies which were considered 
significant either because of their individual financial significance or due to their specific nature, covering the majority of 
revenue, assets and liabilities of the group.
By performing the procedures above at group companies, combined with additional procedures at the group level, we have 
obtained sufficient and appropriate evidence regarding the financial information of the group as a whole to provide a basis 
for our opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
Key Audit Matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the finan-
cial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements 
as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including among other mat-
ters consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material misstatement due to fraud.
Nordea  Annual Report 2019

--- Page 470 ---
Auditor’s report
284
Key audit matter in the audit of the group
How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Impairment of loans to customer
Refer to the Note G1 - Accounting policies (Critical judgements 
and estimation uncertainty), Note G11 – Net loan losses and 
Note G14 – Loans and impairment to the consolidated finan-
cial statements.
A high level of judgement is involved in determining the 
appropriate impairment loss to be recognised. For individu-
ally assessed loans, judgement is involved in determining 
whether a loan has a loss event and in assessing the loan 
loss amount.
Expected credit losses (ECL) are calculated as a function of 
the probability of default, the exposure at default and the 
loss given default, as well as the timing of the loss. 
Nordea categorises loans into three stages depending on the 
level of credit risk or changes in credit risk for each individual 
loan. For loans without significant increase in credit risk, 
stage 1, expected credit losses are calculated for estimated 
defaults within 12 months. For loans where there is a signifi-
cant increase in credit risk, stage 2, or loans in default, stage 
3, a lifetime of expected losses are calculated.
Nordea uses adjustments to the model-driven ECL results to 
address impairment model limitations and market trends.
 
This is also a key audit matter with respect to our audit of the 
parent company financial statements.
Our audit included a combination of testing of internal 
controls over financial reporting and substantive testing. 
We obtained an understanding of the loan origination 
process, credit risk management and the impairment 
allowances for loans and advances to customers.
We had a special focus on ECL model updates and the 
credit risk development for large customers.
Based on risk, we selected individual loans and performed 
detailed credit file reviews and assessed its credit risk.
For ECL models, we involved our modelling specialists to 
assess the methodology, challenge the underlying 
assumptions and to independently reperform the calcula-
tion for a sample of loans.
We evaluated adjustments to the model driven ECL and 
reviewed that governance procedures have been 
performed. 
We assessed the disclosures related to impairment of 
loans.
Valuation of financial instruments held at fair value
Refer to the Note G1 - Accounting policies (Critical judgements 
and estimation uncertainty), Note G19 – Derivatives and 
Hedge accounting, Note G40 – Classification of financial 
instruments and Note G41 – Assets and liabilities at fair value 
to the consolidated financial statements. 
Given the ongoing volatility and macro-economic uncertain-
ty, valuation of financial instruments continues to be an area 
of inherent risk. The valuation of Level II and III financial 
instruments utilise observable and unobservable inputs 
respectively, for recurring fair value measurements. Signifi-
cant portfolios of financial instruments are valued based on 
models and certain assumptions that are not observable by 
third parties. 
Important areas in valuation of financial instruments held at 
fair value relate to: 
•	 Framework and policies relating to models and valuation;
•	 Internal controls relating to fair value hierarchy, fair value 
adjustments, price testing and model control & gover-
nance; and
•	 Disclosures of financial instruments.
This is also a key audit matter with respect to our audit of the 
parent company financial statements.
We assessed and tested the design and operating effective-
ness of the controls over:
•	 The identification, measurement and oversight of valu-
ation of financial instruments
•	 Fair value hierarchy, fair value adjustments and inde-
pendent price verification
•	 Model control and governance.
We examined the Group’s independent price verification 
processes, model validation and approval processes, con-
trols over data feeds and inputs to valuation and the Group’s 
governance and reporting processes and controls. 
For the valuations dependent on unobservable inputs or 
which involve a higher degree of judgment, we assessed 
the assumptions, methodologies and models used by the 
Group. We performed an independent valuation of a sample 
of positions.
In respect of fair value adjustments, specifically Credit, Debt 
and Funding fair value adjustments (CVA, DVA and FFVA) 
for derivatives we assessed the methodology applied, 
underlying models and assumptions made by the Group 
and compared it with our knowledge of current industry 
practice. We tested the controls over the data inputs to the 
underlying models and on a sample basis tested underlying 
transactions back to supporting evidence.
Annual Report 2019  Nordea

--- Page 471 ---
Auditor’s report
285
Actuarial assumptions related to the Life business
Refer to the Note G1 - Accounting policies (Critical judgements 
and estimation uncertainty) and Note G29 – Liabilities to poli-
cyholders to the consolidated financial statements. 
Technical provisions involve subjective judgments over 
uncertain future outcomes. The value is based on models 
where significant judgment is applied in setting economic 
assumptions, actuarial assumptions as well as customer 
behavior. Changes in these assumptions can materially 
impact the valuation of technical provisions. 
We assessed the design and tested operating effective-
ness of the controls over the process for calculating provi-
sions within the Life business. 
Our audit also included assessments of applied methods, 
models and assumptions used in calculating the provi-
sions. We have on a sample basis performed recalcula-
tions of the provisions. The audit was carried out involving 
PwC actuaries.
IT systems supporting processes 
over financial reporting
Due to the significant number of transactions that are pro-
cessed, the Group’s financial reporting is highly dependent 
on IT systems supporting automated accounting and recon-
ciliation procedures. To ensure complete and accurate finan-
cial records it is important that controls over appropriate 
access rights, program development and changes are 
designed and operates effectively.
This is also a key audit matter with respect to our audit of the 
parent company financial statements.
We have tested the design and operating effectiveness for 
controls related to the IT systems relevant for financial 
reporting. Our assessment included, access to program 
and data as well as program development and changes.
For logical access to program and data, audit activities 
included testing of addition of access rights, removal of 
access rights and monitoring of appropriateness as well 
as appropriate segregation of duties. Other areas tested 
included monitoring of IT systems and controls over 
changes to IT systems.
There are no significant risks of material misstatement referred to in Article 10(2c) of Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 with 
respect to the consolidated financial statements or the parent company financial statements.
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director for the Financial Statements
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for the preparation of consolidated financial statements 
that give a true and fair view in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU, 
and of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the laws and regulations governing the prepa-
ration of financial statements in Finland and comply with statutory requirements. The Board of Directors and the Managing 
Director are also responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial 
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the financial statements, the Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for assessing the 
parent company’s and the group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters relating to going 
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting. The financial statements are prepared using the going concern 
basis of accounting unless there is an intention to liquidate the parent company or the group or to cease operations, or there 
is no realistic alternative but to do so. 
 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assur-
ance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with good auditing practice 
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered 
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users 
taken on the basis of these financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with good auditing practice, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional 
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
•	 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design 
and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for 
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override 
of internal control.
Nordea  Annual Report 2019

--- Page 472 ---
Auditor’s report
286
•	 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the parent company’s or 
the group’s internal control. 
•	 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by management.
•	 Conclude on the appropriateness of the Board of Directors’ and the Managing Director’s use of the going concern basis 
of accounting and based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or condi-
tions that may cast significant doubt on the parent company’s or the group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we 
conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclo-
sures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based 
on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the 
parent company or the group to cease to continue as a going concern.
•	 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and wheth-
er the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events so that the financial statements give a true 
and fair view.
•	 Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities with-
in the group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervi-
sion and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of 
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our 
audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical require-
ments regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be 
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most sig-
nificance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe 
these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in 
extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse 
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Annual Report 2019  Nordea

--- Page 473 ---
Auditor’s report
287
Other Reporting Requirements 
Appointment
Our appointment represents a total period of uninterrupted engagement of two financial years.
Other Information 
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for the other information. The other information compris-
es the report of the Board of Directors and the information included in the Annual Report but does not include the financial 
statements and our auditor’s report thereon. 
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, 
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained 
in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. With respect to the report of the Board of Directors, our 
responsibility also includes considering whether the report of the Board of Directors has been prepared in accordance with 
the applicable laws and regulations.
In our opinion
•	 the information in the report of the Board of Directors is consistent with the information in the financial statements
•	 the report of the Board of Directors has been prepared in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of the other information, we 
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Other Statements
We support the proposal that the financial statements are adopted. The proposal by the Board of Directors regarding the 
distribution of profits is in compliance with the Limited Liability Companies Act. We support that the Members of the Board 
of Directors and the Managing Director of the parent company should be discharged from liability for the financial period 
audited by us.
Helsinki 26 February 2020
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy
Authorised Public Accountants
Juha Wahlroos
Authorised Public Accountant (KHT)
Nordea  Annual Report 2019

--- Page 474 ---
REGISTERED AND PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Helsinki 
AUDITOR 
PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS OY 
Itämerentori 2 
FI-00180 
Helsinki 
ARRANGER 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
PRINCIPAL DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland D02 RF29 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
Natixis 
30 Avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
c/o Nordea Danmark, Filial af Nordea Bank Abp, 
Finland 
Grønjordsvej 10 
2300 Copenhagen  
Denmark 
RBC Europe Limited 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AA 
United Kingdom 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
Taunusanlage 17 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraβe 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany

--- Page 475 ---
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastr. 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
SWISS DEALER 
UBS AG 
Bahnhofstrasse 45 
CH-8001 Zurich 
Switzerland 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt 
Germany 
VP ISSUING AGENT 
VPS PAYING AGENT 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Nordea Danmark, Filial af Nordea Bank Abp, Finland 
Grønfjordsvej 10 
2300 Copenhagen S 
Denmark 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge 
Essendrops gate 7, PO Box 1166 Sentrum, 0107 Oslo  
Norway 
SWEDISH ISSUING AGENT 
SWEDISH REGISTRAR 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Sverige 
Smålandsgatan 15-17 
111 46 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Euroclear Sweden AB 
Swedish Central Securities Depository 
Euroclear Sweden 
Box 191, 
 101 23 Stockholm 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
Clifford Chance SCS 
10 Boulevard G.D. Charlotte 
B.P. 1147 
L-1011 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
as to Finnish law 
as to English law 
as to Swiss law 
Hannes Snellman Attorneys Ltd 
Eteläesplanadi 20 
Helsinki 
Finland 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
Homburger AG 
Prime Tower 
Hardstrasse 201 
CH-8005 Zurich 
Switzerland 
To the Dealers 
as to Finnish law 
 
Roschier Attorneys Ltd. 
Kasarmikatu 21 A 
FI-00130 Helsinki 
Finland 
as to English law 
 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street  
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom