--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Nordea Eiendomskreditt AS NOK 150 000 000 000 Covered Bond Programme 
 
Nordea Eiendomskreditt AS (the "Issuer") has established a NOK 150 000 000 000 Covered Bond Programme 
(the "Programme"). Any Covered Bonds (as defined below) issued under the Programme on or after the date 
of this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") are issued subject to the provisions described herein. This 
does not affect any Covered Bonds already in issue. 
The Issuer may from time to time issue Covered Bonds (No. obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett) (the "Covered 
Bonds") in Norwegian kroner ("NOK"). The maximum amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time 
outstanding will not exceed NOK 150 000 000 000.  
The Dealer specified herein and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, 
which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a "Dealer" and together the 
"Dealers"), will distribute and market the Covered Bonds. 
The Programme provides that issuances of Covered Bonds are listed on Oslo Stock Exchange's regulated 
market (the "Oslo Børs"), as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). The Issuer may also issue 
Covered Bonds which are not listed.  
Notice of the aggregate principal amount of, interest (if any) payable in respect of, the issue price of, and any 
other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to, each issuance of Covered Bonds will 
be set forth in final terms (the "Final Terms"). The Covered Bonds of a specific issuance may comprise of 
one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") issued on different issue dates (an "Open Bond Issue").  
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will have a denominations of at least the equivalent to €100,000 
in NOK.  
 
Investing in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that 
may affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Covered Bonds are discussed under "Risk 
Factors" below. 
Arranger and Dealer 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 22 October 2021

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
 
This Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA (No. Finanstilsynet), which is 
Norway's competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Norwegian FSA only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation.  Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the 
quality of the Covered Bonds that are the subject of this Base Prospectus.  Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds. Such approval relates only to Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme within 12 months after the date hereof. 
The Issuer may also apply for the Programme to be registered on the Oslo Børs and for Covered Bonds to be 
admitted to trading on the Oslo Børs. The Programme also permits Covered Bonds to be issued on the basis 
that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, 
stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies will not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any amendments or supplements hereto and 
with any other information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any issuance of Covered Bonds 
should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms (as defined herein). 
Copies of the Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are listed will be available on the Issuer's website 
(www.nordea.com) and/or on the Oslo Børs (www.euronext.com website of any Dealer other than Nordea 
Group companies. Such Final Terms may also be available on the website of the Oslo Børs 
(www.euronext.com.  
The Issuer may decide by itself and/or agree with any Dealer that Covered Bonds may be issued in a form not 
contemplated by the "Terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds", as amended, herein, in which case a 
supplementary prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the decision 
or agreement reached in relation to such Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
each tranche of Covered Bonds and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to 
affect its import. Neither the Dealers nor the Arranger have separately verified the information contained herein.   
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, 
such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any 
Covered Bond shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to 
involve any adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if 
later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.  
No other than these measures have been taken or will be taken by the Issuer or the Arranger which would 
permit a public offering of the Covered Bonds or distribution of this document in any country or jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which 
they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds or have in their possession or distribute such offering 
material, in all cases at their own expense.  
The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme have not been and will not be registered under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Furthermore, the Covered Bonds may not be offered or 
sold in any other country or jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with 
applicable laws and regulations. Furthermore, this Base Prospectus or other offering material may not 
be distributed to or published in any country or jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result 
in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered 
Bonds will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) ("MiFID II") or Act No. 75 of 29 June 2007 on

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
 
Securities Trading (as amended, the "Norwegian Securities Trading Act") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 or the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (the 
"MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND U.K. RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered 
Bonds includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and United Kingdom Retail Investors", 
the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in (i) any Member State of the 
European Union, or (ii) another state in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or in the U.K. which 
has implemented Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") and such implementation is 
in force and effect. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by the 
PRIIPs Regulation for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to such 
retail investors in the EEA or in the U.K. has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the U.K. may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION - Interest and/or other amounts payable under floating rate Covered Bonds 
may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark 
for the purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation. If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, 
the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included 
in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the 
administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the 
Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer 
does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Covered Bonds and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, 
the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for 
or purchase any Covered Bonds.  Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to 
have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Each potential investor in the Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of such 
investor's own circumstances.  In particular, each potential investor should: 
 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Covered 
Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Covered Bonds and the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds and the impact such investment will 
have on its overall investment portfolio; 
 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Covered 
Bonds, including Covered Bonds with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such potential 
investor's financial activities are principally denominated; 
 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Covered Bonds and the behaviour of any relevant 
financial markets; and 
 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
 
Some Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to 
reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to the investor's overall 
portfolio.  A potential investor should not invest in Covered Bonds which are complex financial instruments 
unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the 
Covered Bonds will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Covered 
Bonds and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
 
GREEN COVERED BONDS 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Covered Bonds may provide that it will be the Issuer's 
intention to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds from an offer of those Covered Bonds whether directly 
or indirectly, for projects and activities that satisfy certain eligibility requirements that purports to promote 
climate-friendly and other environmental purposes ("Green Assets") and any such Tranche of Covered Bonds 
being referred to as the “Green Covered Bonds” and the amount equivalent to the proceeds from an offer of 
those Green Covered Bonds being referred to as the “Green Covered Bonds Proceeds”.  
 
Prospective investors in any Green Covered Bonds should have regard to the information in the relevant Final 
Terms regarding such use of Green Covered Bonds Proceeds, seek advice from their independent financial 
adviser or other professional adviser regarding their purchase of any Green Covered Bonds before deciding to 
invest and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment 
in such Green Covered Bonds together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. 
In relation to any Green Covered Bonds, Nordea's Green Bond Framework (applicable to the Issuer) (the 
“Green Bond Framework”) and the second party opinion provided by ISS ESG (or such other second party 
opinion provider as may be engaged by the Issuer from time to time) are available at 
https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/debt-and-rating/green-bonds.  For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any 
such opinion or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Covered Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current 
as of the date on which it was initially issued and the criteria and/or considerations that underlie such opinion 
or certification provider may change at any time. Prospective investors in any Green Covered Bonds must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained 
therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green 
Covered Bonds. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
The dealers, in any issuance of Green Covered Bonds have not undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any 
assessment of the Green Assets or the application, impact or monitoring of the use of Green Covered Bonds 
Proceeds. 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
In this Base Prospectus, references to the "EU" are to the European Union and references to "Member State" 
are to a Member State of the EEA. References to "Conditions" are to the terms and conditions of the Covered 
Bonds set forth herein. References to "Euro", "euro", "EUR" or "€" are to the currency introduced at the start

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
 
of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation 
(EC) No. 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the Euro, as amended,  references to "SEK" are to 
Swedish Krona, references to "NOK" are to Norwegian Kroner.  References to "Nordea" or "Nordea Bank" 
refer to Nordea Bank Abp except where it is clear from the context that the term refers to Nordea Bank AB 
(publ), the parent company of the Nordea Group before the Re-domiciliation. References to the "Nordea 
Group" or the "Group" are to the group of companies for which Nordea is the parent company, except where 
it is clear from the context that the term refers to any particular subsidiary or a group of subsidiaries.   
 
Any reference in this Base Prospectus to any legislation (whether primary legislation or secondary legislation 
made pursuant to primary legislation) shall, if the context so requires, be construed as a reference to such 
legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English.  Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
Certain statements in this Base Prospectus are based on the beliefs of the management of the Issuer, as well as 
assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the management of the Issuer, and such 
statements may constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements (other than 
statements of historical fact) regarding the Nordea Group's or the Issuer’s future results of operations, financial 
condition, cash flows, business strategy, plans and objectives of Nordea's management or the management of 
the Issuer for future operations can generally be identified by terminology such as "targets", "believes", 
"estimates", "expects", "aims", "intends", "plans", "seeks", "will", "may", "anticipates", "would", "could", 
"continues" or similar expressions or the negatives thereof. 
Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors 
that could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Nordea or the Issuer, or industry results, 
to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. Such risks, uncertainties and other important factors  
include, among others: 
● 
changes in the global general economic conditions and developments in the global financial markets; 
● 
changes in the general economic, political or social conditions in the markets in which the Issuer or 
the Nordea Group operates; 
● 
regulatory developments in the markets in which the Issuer or the Nordea Group operates; 
● 
changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates; 
● 
changes in the quality of the Issuer’s loan portfolio; 
● 
changes of the Issuer's credit ratings; and 
● 
changes in competition in the markets in which the Issuer operates. 
 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialise, or should any underlying assumptions prove to 
be incorrect, the Nordea Group's or the Issuer’s actual financial condition or results of operations could differ 
materially from those described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. The Issuer urges 
investors to read the sections of this Base Prospectus entitled "Risk Factors" and "Nordea Eiendomskreditt" 
for a more complete discussion of the factors that could affect the Nordea Group's or the Issuer’s future 
performance and the industry in which the Nordea Group or the Issuer operates.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
 
The Issuer does not intend, and does not assume any obligation, to update any forward-looking statements 
contained herein, except as may be required by law. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking 
statements attributable to the Issuer or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety 
by the cautionary statements referred to above and contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
 
 
  
Contents 
Nordea Eiendomskreditt AS NOK 150 000 000 000 Covered Bond Programme................................. 1 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ............................................................................................................................. 3 
GREEN COVERED BONDS ..................................................................................................................... 5 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ................................................................................................... 5 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 9 
OVERVIEW OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS .......................... 19 
DECLARATION FROM PERSONS RESPONSIBLE .......................................................................... 24 
THE ARRANGER'S DISCLAIMER ........................................................................................................ 25 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ................................................................ 26 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ....................................................................................................................... 39 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 51 
ADMITTANCE TO TRADING, SETTLEMENT AND ISSUANCES ................................................... 52 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................................. 54 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .................................................................................................................. 56 
SUMMARY OF NORWEGIAN LEGISLATION REGARDING COVERED BONDS AND 
INFORMATION RELATED THERETO ................................................................................................. 57 
NORDEA EIENDOMSKREDITT AS ...................................................................................................... 65 
THE HOUSING MORTGAGE MARKET IN NORWAY ....................................................................... 69 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................ 71 
RATINGS ................................................................................................................................................... 73 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..................................................................................................................... 75 
REGISTERED AND PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE ISSUER ................................................................ 76

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Covered Bonds involves a degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider 
the risks set forth below and the other information contained in this Base Prospectus prior to making any 
investment decision with respect to the Covered Bonds. The risks described below could have a material 
adverse effect on the business, results of operations, financial condition or future prospects of the Issuer or 
the value of the Covered Bonds. Unless otherwise specified, the risk factors that apply in the context of Issuer's 
parent company Nordea Bank and the Nordea Group are also applicable to the Issuer.  
Additional risks and uncertainties, including those of which the Issuer's management is not currently aware 
or deems immaterial, may also potentially have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, 
financial condition or future prospects or may result in other events that could cause investors to lose all or 
part of their investment. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below present the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest or principal on or 
in connection with any Covered Bonds may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the 
statements below regarding the risks of holding any Covered Bonds are exhaustive. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds" below or elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER  
A. 
Risks Relating to Macroeconomic Conditions 
Negative economic developments and conditions in the markets can adversely affect the Issuer's or the Nordea Group's 
business and results of operations. 
The Issuer 's performance is significantly influenced by the general economic conditions in the Nordic markets 
(Denmark, Finland, Sweden and, most notably, Norway).  
There can be no assurances that the relatively stable underlying economic conditions prior to the outbreak of 
COVID-19 (also commonly referred to as the "coronavirus") will continue. The outbreak has disrupted various 
markets and resulted in severe uncertainty about the development of the economies affected by the outbreak 
both in Europe and elsewhere. The Issuer is affected by the outbreak through its direct and indirect impact on 
the customers, counterparties, employees and other stakeholders of the Issuer and the Nordea Group, both in 
the Nordic countries and elsewhere, as a result of, among others, public health measures, such as business 
closings and restrictions on travel and gatherings. The adverse economic development of the underlying 
economic conditions has affected and may continue to affect the Issuer's and the Nordea Group’s business in 
a number of ways, including, among others, the income, wealth, liquidity, business and/or financial condition 
of the Issuer's and Nordea Group’s customers, which, in turn, could further reduce the Issuer's credit quality 
and demand for the Issuer's financial products and services. As a result, any or all of the conditions described 
above could continue to have a material adverse effect on Issuer's and the Nordea Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations, and measures implemented by the Issuer might not be satisfactory to reduce 
any credit, market and liquidity risks. Moreover, the exact ramifications of the coronavirus outbreak are highly 
uncertain and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, it is difficult to predict the spread or duration of the 
pandemic or its full effect on global and local economies or on the Nordea Group or the Issuer.  
Accommodative monetary policies, in particular low interest rate levels, in the countries where the Nordea 
Group operates have recently also had, and are expected to continue to have, an impact on Issuer's and the 
Nordea Group’s business,  financial condition and results of operations.  
B. 
Risks Relating to the Business of the Issuer 
Liquidity risk is inherent in the Issuer's and the Nordea Group's operations. 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer will be unable to meet its obligations as they fall due or meet its liquidity 
commitments only at an increased cost.  
The Issuer's funding costs and its access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on its credit ratings. 
There can be no assurances that the Issuer will be able to maintain its current ratings or that the Issuer will 
retain current ratings on its debt instruments. A reduction in the current long-term ratings of the issuer may 
increase funding costs, limit access to the capital markets and trigger additional collateral requirements in 
derivative contracts and other secured funding arrangements. Therefore, a reduction in credit ratings could 
adversely affect the Issuer's access to liquidity and its competitive position and, as a result, have a material 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Credit risk 
As a mortgage credit institution, the Issuer's business risk principally pertains to credit risk. Credit risk means 
that a customer cannot fulfil its payment obligations or that the value of granted security is lower than the 
outstanding debt. Given that a substantial part of the Issuer's lending is granted in exchange for security in real 
estate or on a certificate showing that the lessee owns a share in a housing cooperative that owns the housing 
structure of which the unit forms part (No: borettslagsandel) referred to as participation parts, the credit risk 
is also dependent on fluctuations in value in the real estate and housing markets. The business of the Issuer 
shows relatively low credit risks and the historic credit losses of the Issuer have been low. The low credit risk 
is due to the fact that the lending predominantly consists of mortgage backed housing financing with priority 
in the real estate or the participation parts (No: borettlagsandel). The size of historic credit losses though is 
not an indicator of the size of future credit losses and there is a risk that future credit losses will be higher, for 
instance as a result of the coronavirus outbreak. The coronavirus outbreak may result in customers not being

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
 
able to fulfill their payment obligations and/or the general price levels in the housing markets may be reduced 
and thereby provide less security. 
Reliance on derivative arrangements 
Nordea Bank Norway and/or Nordea Bank will be a swap counterparty under currency swaps and basis swaps 
entered into by the Issuer on an arms-length basis. It may be difficult to enter into similar replacement swaps 
at similar pricing in the event that such derivative contracts terminate. An inability to replace a swap 
counterparty under a currency or basis swap following a default or termination by the swap counterparty may 
adversely affect the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Liquidity risks  
The maturity profile in the Issuer's lending business is to a large extent longer term than the maturity profile 
within the Issuer's funding operations. The Issuer is therefore to a large extent dependent on being able to 
refinance matured obligations within the funding operations by obtaining new funding in the bond market. The 
Issuer could also funds itself through revenues from its credit portfolio and finally through financing from 
Nordea Bank Norway. If the financial markets develop negatively (see "Risks Relating to Macroeconomic 
Conditions"), there may be a material negative impact on the Issuer's ability to obtain funding and liquidity on 
financially reasonable conditions. The above mentioned factors may also have a material negative impact on 
the Issuer's business, financial position and profitability. 
Competition 
The Issuer faces fierce competition within its business area, primarily from other Norwegian and Nordic 
covered bond issuers and banks. Even though the Issuer currently considers itself to be in a fairly strong 
position to face the competition, there is a risk that the Issuer's competitiveness decreases in the future which 
could negatively impact the Issuer's financial performance. 
The Issuer is dependent on Nordea Bank Abp to run its operations 
The Issuer's business is integrated with Nordea Bank Abp's business operations and Nordea Bank Abp's branch 
network throughout Norway. According to intra-group agreements between the Issuer and Nordea Bank 
Norway the Issuer has appointed Nordea Bank Norway to operate almost all its business operations, including 
among other things, the management of mortgages and its funding. If Nordea Bank Norway ceased to provide 
these services or in any other way fail in its obligations towards the Issuer, there could be a negative impact 
on the Issuer's business, financial position and profitability as well as a consequential inability of the Issuer to 
fulfil its obligations towards the investors in the Covered Bonds.  
Mortgages in the Cover Pool are either originated by Nordea Bank Norway or directly from the Issuer’s own 
balance sheet. The mortgages originated by Nordea Bank Norway that meet the Eligibility Criteria set out in a 
master sale agreement entered into between the Issuer and Nordea Bank Norway (the "Master Sale 
Agreement") have been or may be transferred to the Issuer. The transferred mortgages may then be registered 
as assets in the Cover Pool. Nordea Bank Norway notifies the borrowers of the transfer to the Issuer and will 
continue servicing the mortgages pursuant to a servicing agreement entered into between Nordea Bank Norway 
and the Issuer. The borrower will keep the same account numbers and payment arrangements with Nordea 
Bank Norway.   
The Issuer has not undertaken, nor will it undertake, any investigations, searches or other actions in respect of 
the original underwriting and loan-level documentation of the mortgage loans and other assets originated by 
Nordea Bank Norway contained or to be contained in the Issuer's Cover Pool, but instead fully relies on the 
warranties of Nordea Bank Norway under the Master Sale Agreement and previous agreements in relation to 
the transfer of such loans.  If any mortgages originated by Nordea Bank Norway do not comply with the 
Eligibility Criteria set out in the Master Sale Agreement, then the market value of these loans may be 
diminished and the Issuer may have remedies against Nordea Bank Norway under the Master Sale Agreement. 
For mortgages originated directly from the Issuer’s balance sheet, where the loan origination process is 
outsourced to Nordea Bank Norway according to a servicing agreement entered into between the Issuer and 
Nordea Bank Norway, the Issuer will undertake quality controls of the loan portfolio. Mortgages that no longer 
comply with the criteria set out in the servicing agreement, will be transferred to Nordea Bank Norway in order

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
 
to maintain a loan portfolio consisting only of loans that are or will be eligible for inclusion in the Cover Pool 
once the LTV is within the regulatory limits.   
Risks relating to Norway and the Norwegian mortgage market 
The demand for residential mortgage loans in Norway is dependent on market interest rates, residential 
property prices, employment trends, the state of the economy, taxation and other factors that have an influence 
on the customers' financing requirements. As a result, the Issuer's results of operations are significantly 
influenced by the general economic condition in the Norwegian mortgage market. As substantially all of the 
Issuer's mortgage loans currently relate to properties located in Norway, the Issuer's performance is influenced 
by the level and the cyclical nature of business activity in Norway. This is in turn affected by both domestic 
and international economic and political events (see "Risks Relating to Macroeconomic Conditions"). A 
weakening of the economy in Norway may have an adverse effect on the Issuer's future results and its ability 
to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
 
RISKS RELATING TO THE COVERED BONDS 
 
A. 
Risks Relating to the Cover Pool 
Changes to the lending criteria of Nordea Bank Norway 
Each of the mortgage loans originated by Nordea Bank Norway or directly from the Issuer’s own balance sheet 
will have been originated in accordance with its lending criteria at the time of origination. Nordea Bank 
Norway's and the Issuer’s lending criteria has generally considered the type of property, term of loan, age of 
applicant, the loan to value (the "LTV"), insurance policies, status and income of applicants and credit history 
and is expected to continue to do so. Nordea Bank Norway and the Issuer retain the right to revise its lending 
criteria from time to time but would only do so to the extent that such a change would be acceptable to 
reasonable and prudent institutional mortgage lenders in the Norwegian market and having consideration of 
the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority's (the "Norwegian FSA") guidelines. If the lending criteria of 
Nordea Bank Norway and the Issuer change in a manner that affects the creditworthiness of the mortgage loans, 
that may lead to increased defaults by borrowers and may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool, or part 
thereof, and the ability of the Issuer to make payments on the Covered Bonds.  
The Cover Pool consists of limited assets 
The Cover Pool consists mainly of mortgage loans which are secured on residential property and holiday 
houses located in Norway and also claims which the Issuer holds, or may acquire, against providers of Covered 
Bond swaps. It should be noted that the value of the Issuer's Cover Pool may decline in the event of a general 
downturn in the value of property in Norway (given that currently all the mortgaged properties in the Cover 
Pool are in Norway), which could adversely affect the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the 
Covered Bonds.   
Collection of mortgage loans and default by borrowers 
The mortgage loans which secure the Covered Bonds will comprise loans secured on property. A borrower 
may default on its obligation under such mortgage loan. Defaults may occur for a variety of reasons. Defaults 
under mortgage loans are subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks and rental yield reduction (in the 
case of investment properties). Various factors influence mortgage delinquency rates, prepayment rates, 
repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as changes in the national or 
international economic climates, regional economic or housing conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, 
inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, political developments and 
government policies. Other factors relating to borrowers' individual, personal or financial circumstances may 
affect the ability of the borrowers to repay the mortgage loans. In addition, the ability of a borrower to sell a 
property given as security for a mortgage loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that 
mortgage loan will depend upon a number of factors, including the availability of buyers for that property, the 
value of that property and property values in general at the time. The mortgage loans may from time to time 
be concentrated in certain regions. Such concentration may present a risk if the default rate in such region 
increases e.g. due to the factors listed above.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
 
Limited description of the assets in the Cover Pool 
Save for any Cover Pool data the Issuer makes available on its website, holders of Covered Bonds will not 
receive information in relation to the mortgage loans and other assets included in the Cover Pool. It is expected 
that the constitution of the Cover Pool will change from time to time due to, for example, the purchase of 
further mortgage loans by the Issuer from time to time. The Norwegian FSA has appointed an independent 
inspector (No: Uavhengig gransker) (the "Inspector") to monitor the Issuer's compliance with the asset 
coverage requirement and the register requirement of the Covered Bond Legislation on a quarterly basis, but 
the report of the Inspector is not publicly available. The limited information available to investors in respect 
of the Cover Pool may adversely impact the market value of the Covered Bonds.   
No precedents 
The Covered Bond Legislation entered into force in 2007 and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are 
no precedents as to how the provisions will be interpreted by Norwegian courts or other judicial authorities 
which will affect Covered Bonds issued under the Programme.  
 
Appraisals 
Under Nordea Bank Norway's lending criteria, appraisals or valuation of the properties securing the mortgage 
loans take one of three forms: (1) in the case of a loan to finance (rather than refinance) the acquisition of a 
property, the transaction sale price determines the valuation for mortgage lending purposes, (2) an independent 
appraisal conducted by a licensed appraiser or a licensed real estate agent or (3) a valuation from 
Eiendomsverdi, an automated valuation model provider which compiles information on nearly all residential 
property transactions in Norway. Such an automated valuation model does not consider the current state or 
physical condition of a property, which may in actuality, be worse than the condition assumed by such model.  
For the ongoing valuation of the collateral underlying the mortgage loans in the Cover Pool, which takes place 
quarterly for evaluating whether the value of the Cover Pool shall be adjusted, for investor information and 
rating agency reporting purposes, an automated valuation model based on the Statistics Norway's House Price 
Index is used.  
In the case of those mortgage loans for which an appraisal was conducted by a licensed appraiser or a licensed 
real estate agent was used, such appraisal reflects the individual appraiser or estate agent's judgment as to value, 
based on the market values of comparable homes sold within the recent past in comparable nearby locations 
and on the estimated replacement cost.  
No assurance can be given that values of the properties underlying the mortgage loans have remained or will 
remain at the levels which existed on the dates of appraisal (or, where applicable, on the dates of appraisal 
updates) of the related mortgage loans.  
The appraisal relates both to the land and to the structure; however, a significant portion of the appraised value 
of a property may be attributable to the value of the land rather than to the residence.  
Because of the unique locations (for example, properties in scarcely populated areas) and special features of 
certain properties, identifying comparable properties in nearby locations may be difficult. The appraised values 
of such properties will be based to a greater extent on adjustments made by the appraisers to the appraised 
values of reasonably similar properties rather than on objectively verifiable sales data. As a result, such 
appraisals could be more likely to overvalue certain properties and therefore overstate the value of the collateral 
underlying the Cover Pool. If the market value of the properties underlying the mortgage loans is less than the 
appraised value of these properties, this may adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments on the 
Covered Bonds, in circumstances where the Issuer is required to obtain payment from borrowers by a 
foreclosure sale of the properties underlying the relevant mortgage loans. 
Audit of the Cover Pool 
The Issuer conducts no audit of the Cover Pool. Furthermore, none of Nordea Bank Norway, Nordea Bank, 
the Arranger or any Dealer has conducted any audit of the Cover Pool. However, the Norwegian FSA has 
appointed the Inspector to monitor the Issuer's compliance with the asset coverage requirement and the register 
requirement of the Covered Bond Legislation on a quarterly basis, but the report of the Inspector is not publicly 
available.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
 
B. 
Risks Relating to the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds may be subject to bail-in tools  
The Issuer operates under the BRRD that is implemented into Norwegian law by act No 2 of 23 March 2018 
as an amendment of the Financial Undertakings Act which entered into force on 1 January 2019.  
The powers granted to the authorities designated by the member states of the EEA ("Member States") to apply 
the resolution tools and exercise the resolution powers set forth in the BRRD ("resolution authorities") 
include the introduction of a statutory "write-down and conversion power" with respect to capital instruments 
and a "bail-in-power", which will give the relevant resolution authority the power to cancel all or a portion of 
the principal amount of, or interest on, certain unsecured liabilities, whether unsubordinated or subordinated, 
of a failing financial institution and/or to convert certain debt claims into another security, including ordinary 
shares of the surviving group entity, if any, which may itself be written down. The bail-in power can be used 
to recapitalise an institution that is failing or about to fail, allowing authorities to restructure it through the 
resolution process and restore its viability after reorganisation and restructuring. The write-down and 
conversion power can be used to ensure that tier 1 and tier 2 capital instruments fully absorb losses at the point 
of non-viability of an institution (or, if applicable, its group) and before any other resolution action is taken.   
Relevant claims for the purposes of the bail-in tool would include claims in respect of Covered Bonds, although 
this would only be the case if and to the extent that the amounts payable in respect of the Covered Bonds 
exceeded the value of the cover pool collateral against which payment of those amounts is secured. 
The Issuer may be subject to public administration. 
Pursuant to the Financial Undertakings Act, including the subsequent implementation of BRRD therein, an 
institution, such as the Issuer, may not be subject to ordinary bankruptcy proceedings or debt settlement 
proceedings. Pursuant to the Financial Undertakings Act, as amended, a mortgage credit institution 
experiencing financial difficulties may instead be placed under public administration, in the same way as 
Norwegian banks and insurance companies. Institutions experiencing financial difficulties may furthermore 
and subject to certain requirements be liquidated under public administration in the same manner as Norwegian 
banks. The crisis resolution authority will, subject to applicable rules, liquidate the institution and distribute 
its assets to the creditors in accordance with ordinary bankruptcy rules. Although, this change will not affect 
the preferential claim which the holders of covered bonds have over the cover pool,  the exercise of any power 
of the crisis resolution authority or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights 
of Holders, the price or value of the Covered Bonds and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations 
under the Covered Bonds. Prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should consult their own advisors as to 
the possible consequences of the power of the crisis resolution authority under the Financial Undertakings Act 
in relation to the Issuer and the Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds may not be freely transferred. 
The Issuer has not registered, and will not register, the Covered Bonds under the Securities Act or any other 
securities laws. Accordingly, the Covered Bonds are subject to certain restrictions on resale and other transfer 
thereof. As a result of these restrictions, the Issuer cannot be certain of the existence of a secondary market for 
the Covered Bonds or the liquidity of such a market if one develops. Consequently, a Holder of Covered Bonds 
and an owner of beneficial interests in those Covered Bonds must be able to bear the economic risk of their 
investment in the Covered Bonds for the terms of the Covered Bonds. 
Holders are subject to market volatility. 
Holders of Covered Bonds should be aware that the secondary market for the Covered Bonds and instruments 
of this kind may be illiquid due to, among other things, the disruptions and volatility in the global financial 
markets that have continued through the recent years. The Issuer cannot predict when these circumstances will 
change. 
The Covered Bonds may be issued at a substantial discount or premium. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
 
Holders are subject to credit risk on the Issuer. 
Holders of the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme take a credit risk on the Issuer. A holder's ability 
to receive payment under the Covered Bonds is dependent on the Issuer's ability to fulfill its payment 
obligations, which in turn is dependent upon the development of the Issuer's business, financial condition and 
results of its operations. 
No Events of Default. 
The terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not include any events of default relating to the Issuer, and 
therefore the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not entitle holders of Covered Bonds to accelerate 
the Covered Bonds. 
Holders' rights and obligations may be amended at meetings of Holders. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contain provisions for calling meetings of Holders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit certain defined majorities to make decisions 
that modify the terms and conditions applicable to a Tranche of Covered Bonds and may affect the Holders' 
rights and obligations under the Covered Bonds, and that bind all Holders including Holders who did not attend 
and vote at the relevant meeting and Holders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. At the meeting 
of Holders, the Holders also have authority to elect and give instructions to a representative to act on their 
behalf. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds may be changed.  
The terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche will be as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at or prior to the time of issuance of such Tranche, and will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche will therefore be those set out in this Base Prospectus, 
subject to being completed by the relevant Final Terms.  
The Terms and Conditions contains provisions, which are binding on the Issuer and the Holders of the Covered 
Bonds, for convening meetings of the Holders of Covered Bonds of any Series to consider matters affecting 
their interests, including the modification or waiver of the terms and conditions applicable to any Series of 
Covered Bonds.  
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Holders, including Holders who did not attend and vote 
at the relevant meeting or Holders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Payments in respect of the Covered Bonds may in certain circumstances be made subject to withholding or deduction 
of tax 
There is  no withholding tax on interest in Norway when the payment of interest is between unrelated parties. 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds by the Issuer will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes. As of 1. July 2021 there is withholding tax on interest 
payments made from Norway to related companies1 resident in low tax jurisdictions. There are not any specific 
certification or documentation requirements for recipients of interest.  
Any future withholding tax on interest in Norway in addition to the above mentioned implying a legal 
requirement for withholding or deduction of withholding tax, such withholding or deduction will be made by 
the Issuer. In that event, the Issuer has no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify a holder 
of Covered Bonds for any such withholding or deduction. 
C. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks relating to the Covered Bonds 
Changes in laws, regulations or administrative practice or the interpretation thereof may affect the Covered Bonds.  
Changes in laws, regulations or administrative practice, or the interpretation thereof, after the date of this Base 
Prospectus may affect the Covered Bonds in general, the rights of Holders as well as the market value of the 
Covered Bonds. Such changes in law may impact statutory, tax and regulatory regimes during the life of the 
Covered Bonds, which may have an adverse effect on the Covered Bonds. Such legislative and regulatory 
uncertainty could also affect an investor's ability to accurately value the Covered Bonds and, therefore, affect 
 
1 Pursuant to the regulations in the Tax Act, two companies are to be considered "related parties" when there is direct or indirect ownership or control 
of at least 50% between them at any time during the income year.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
 
the trading price of the Covered Bonds given the extent and impact on the Covered Bonds that one or more 
regulatory or legislative changes, including those described above, could have on the Covered Bonds. 
Furthermore, the financial services industry continues to be the focus of significant regulatory change and 
scrutiny which may adversely affect the Nordea Group's business, financial performance, capital and risk 
management strategies. Such regulatory changes, and the resulting actions taken to address such regulatory 
changes, may have an adverse impact on the Nordea Group's, and therefore the Issuer's, performance and 
financial condition.  
D. 
Risks relating to the form and mechanics of the Covered Bonds 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds are subject to Interest Rate Risks. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. 
There are risks that certain benchmarks may be administered differently or discontinued in the future which may 
adversely affect the trading market for, value of and return on, Covered Bonds based on such benchmarks. 
Rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of recent international, national and 
other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others 
are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently from the past or 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences that cannot be predicted.  
The Benchmarks Regulation EU 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the "Benchmarks Regulation") was 
published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and became applicable from 1 January 2018. The 
Benchmarks Regulation was transposed into Norwegian law through the Reference Value Act, which entered 
into force on 20 December 2019.  
NIBOR, the reference rate of the Covered Bonds, is subject to the Bencmarks Regulation and the Reference 
Value Act. Thus, he Benchmarks Regulation (and its corresponding implementation into Norwegian law) 
could have a material impact on any Covered, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of NIBOR are 
changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation (or its corresponding 
implementation into Norwegian law). Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark. 
Furthermore, NIBOR is the subject of ongoing regulatory reforms. Following the implementation of any of 
these reforms, the manner of administration of NIBOR may change, with the result that it may perform 
differently than in the past or be eliminated entirely, or there could be other consequences that cannot be 
predicted. For example, in spring 2018, Norges Bank, the Norwegian Central Bank, in response to the FSB's 
recommendations and the work in other countries in this area, decided, after consultation with the financial 
industry, to establish a working group on alternative reference rates in NOK.  
 
In August 2019, the working group proposed revisions to the methodology underpinning NIBOR, the purpose 
of which is to ensure compliance with Benchmarks Regulation.  Norske Finansielle Referanser AS submitted 
on 12 December 2019 an application to the Norwegian FSA for authorization as the administrator of NIBOR 
pursuant to the Benchmarks Regulation. 
 
At this time, it is not possible to predict the effect of any establishment of alternative reference rates or any 
other reforms to NIBOR that may be enacted. Uncertainty as to the nature of such alternative reference rates 
or other reforms may adversely affect the trading market for NIBOR-linked securities. The potential 
elimination of benchmarks, such as NIBOR, the establishment of alternative reference rates or changes in the 
manner of administration of a benchmark could also require adjustments to the terms of benchmark-linked 
securities and may result in other consequences, such as interest payments that are lower than, or that do not 
otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on those securities if the relevant 
benchmark was available in its current form. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions of the Covered Bonds) has 
occurred, then the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and, if applicable, an Adjustment Spread (as defined in the Conditions). If the Issuer is unable

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
 
to determine the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the further fallbacks described in the terms 
and conditions of the Covered Bonds shall apply. 
The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate may result in interest payments that are 
substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have been 
made on the Covered Bonds if the relevant benchmark remained available in its current form.  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of EU, Norwegian or 
other international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further 
uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes could have a material 
adverse effect on the trading market for, value of and return on any Covered Bonds linked to such benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates 
in making any investment decision with respect to the Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
 
Risks relating to Green Covered Bonds 
 
No assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person that the use of such Green Covered Bonds Proceeds 
for any Green Assets will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own bylaws or 
other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant Green Assets.  
Furthermore, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer or any other person that the Green Assets will meet 
investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green" or any similar labels (including under Regulation 
(EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called "EU 
Taxonomy") or Regulation (EU) 2020/852. or that any adverse environmental and/or other impacts will not 
occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Assets.   
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer or any other person as to the suitability or reliability for 
any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the 
Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Covered Bonds and in 
particular whether any Green Assets fulfil any environmental and/or other criteria.  
If any such Green Covered Bonds are listed or admitted to trading or otherwise displayed on any dedicated 
"green", "environmental" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person that such 
listing or admission or display satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations 
or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments 
are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws 
or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green Assets. Furthermore, it 
should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading or display may vary from one 
stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer 
or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading or display will be obtained in respect of any 
such Green Covered Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading or display will be 
maintained during the life of the Green Covered Bonds. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply Green Covered Bonds Proceeds for Green Assets in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there can be no assurance that (i) the relevant 
Green Asset and the use of such Green Covered Bonds Proceeds will be, or will be capable of being, 
implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly any such Green Covered Bonds Proceeds will be wholly or partially used for such Green Assets 
or (ii) such Green Assets will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome 
(whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
 
Any such event or failure to apply Green Covered Bonds Proceeds in, or substantially in, the manner described 
in the relevant Final Terms, or any failure to provide or publish any reporting or any (impact) assessment or to 
obtain any third party opinion, certification or label (or the withdrawal of any such opinion, certification or 
label), or any Green Assets ceasing to be classed as such prior to maturity of the relevant Green Covered 
Bonds, or the fact that the maturity of an Green Asset may not match the minimum duration of any Green 
Covered Bonds, will not (i) give rise to any claim or right (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the right to 
accelerate the Green Covered Bonds) of a holder of such Green Covered Bonds against the Issuer or other 
person, (ii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Green Covered Bond.  
Any such event or failure to apply Green Covered Bonds Proceeds in, or substantially in, the manner described 
in the relevant Final Terms as aforesaid and/or withdrawal or amendment of any third party opinion or 
certification (whether or not solicited by the Issuer), and/or the amendment of any criteria on which such 
opinion or certification was given, or any such third party opinion or certification stating that the Issuer is not 
complying or fulfilling relevant criteria, in whole or in part, with respect to any matters for which such opinion 
or certification is opining or certifying and/or any such Green Covered Bonds no longer being listed or admitted 
to trading or displayed on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid, may have a material adverse 
effect on the value of such Green Covered Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Green Covered 
Bonds which are intended to finance Green Assets and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS 
 
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the 
Covered Bonds should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole and, in relation to the 
terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds or the relevant Final Terms.  Each 
decision to invest in any Covered Bonds should be based on an assessment of the entire Base Prospectus. 
 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds" below or elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
 
Issuer: 
Nordea Eiendomskreditt AS (the "Issuer") 
 
 
The Issuer is a licensed mortgage credit institution. The Issuer is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Nordea Bank Abp ("Nordea Bank") which operates through a 
branch in Norway known as Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge ("Nordea Bank 
Norway"). The Issuer is a private limited liability company incorporated and 
domiciled in Norway. The Issuer's registered office is at Essendropsgate 7, 
0368 Oslo, Norway. 
 
Arranger: 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
Dealer:  
Nordea Bank Abp and any other dealer(s) appointed by the Issuer either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular issuance of 
Covered Bonds. 
 
Registrar: 
Nordea Bank Norway 
 
Programme size: 
Up to NOK 150 000 000 000 outstanding at any one time. 
 
Base prospectus:  
This base prospectus.  
 
Description: 
Covered Bond Programme. 
 
Distribution: 
Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in 
each case on a syndicated or a non-syndicated basis.  
 
Currency: 
Norwegian Kroner ("NOK") 
 
Status of Covered 
Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds are unsubordinated obligations issued in accordance with 
Act No. 17 of 10th of April 2015 on Finance Institutions and Financial 
Conglomerates (the "Financial Undertakings Act") Chapter 11, Sub-Chapter I 
and appurtenant regulations (together the "Covered Bond Legislation") and 
rank pari passu among themselves and with all other obligations of the Issuer 
that have been provided the same priority as debt instruments issued pursuant to 
the Covered Bond Legislation. To the extent that claims in relation to the 
Covered Bonds and relating derivative contracts are not met out of the assets of 
the Issuer that are covered in accordance with the Covered Bond Legislation, 
the residual claims will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer.  
Maturities: 
Any maturity subject to a minimum maturity of 30 days subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
 
Issue Price: 
 
The covered Bonds may be issued at any price. The price and amount of the 
Covered Bonds to be issued will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.  
 
 
Issuances: 
The Issuer will from time to time issue Covered Bonds. The Covered Bonds of 
each issuance will be subject to the terms as set out in the Final Terms. The 
Covered Bonds of a specific issuance may also be issued as an open bond issue 
with a fixed aggregate nominal amount comprising of one or more tranches 
(each a "Tranche") issued on different issue dates ("Open Bond Issue"). The 
terms and conditions of the Tranches of an Open Bond Issue are identical 
(except for price) and there will not be established specific Final Terms for the 
following Tranche(s).  
 
Form: 
Covered Bonds will be issued by the Issuer pursuant to a Registrar Agreement 
with Nordea Bank Norway as Registrar and will be registered in uncertificated 
and dematerialised book-entry form with the Norwegian Central Securities 
Depositary, Verdipapirsentralen ASA (the "Euronext VPS"). 
Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds  
Covered Bonds may provide for interest based on a fixed rate ("Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds"). Fixed Rate Covered Bonds shall bear interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from and including their date of issue to, but 
excluding the date of final maturity thereof at the rate or rates per annum 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Interest will be payable in arrears on such 
dates as are specified in the relevant Final Terms and on the date of final 
maturity thereof.  
Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds may provide for interest based on a floating rate ("Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds"). Floating Rate Covered Bonds shall bear interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from and including their date of issue to, but 
excluding the date of final maturity thereof at a rate determined on the basis of 
the NIBOR reference rate.  Interest will be payable on each date (an "Interest 
Payment Date") which falls such period of months as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms after the date of issue or, as the case may be, after the 
preceding interest payment date.   
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate the scheduled maturity date of the 
Covered Bonds (the "Maturity Date"). The Covered Bonds shall be redeemed 
at their principal amount or at such other redemption amount as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.  
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether Covered Bonds will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer ("Issuer Call") and/or at the option of the 
holders of Covered Bonds ("Investor Put").  
Extended Maturity 
Date 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and 
the Issuer fails to redeem all of those Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date or 
within two Business Days thereafter, the maturity of the Covered Bonds and the 
date on which such Covered Bonds will be due and payable will be 
automatically extended up to but no later than the Extended Maturity Date, 
subject as otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms. In that event, 
the Issuer may redeem all or any of part of the principal amount outstanding on 
the Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the 
Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date or as otherwise 
provided in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
 
In the event of such an extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds, interest 
rates, interest periods and interest payment dates on the Covered Bonds from 
(and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date 
shall be determined and made in accordance with the applicable Final Terms.  
Denominations: 
Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, subject to (i) a minimum denomination of the equivalent 
to €100,000 in NOK for each Covered Bond admitted to trading on Oslo Børs; 
and (ii) compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements.  
 
Taxation: 
There is no withholding tax on interest in Norway and all payments of principal 
and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds by the Issuer will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes. If any future withholding tax 
on interest in Norway is introduced and such tax implies a legal requirement for 
withholding or deduction of withholding tax, such withholding or deduction will 
be made by the Issuer.  
 
Ratings: 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme are expected to be 
assigned a rating from Moody's Investor Service Limited ("Moody's") or S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). Issuances of Covered Bonds under the 
Programme will be rated or unrated.  Where an issuance of Covered Bonds is 
rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described 
above or any rating assigned to the Issuer or to Covered Bonds already issued. 
Where an issuance of Covered Bonds is rated, the applicable rating will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, along with the details of the credit rating 
agency issuing such rating. The Issuer cannot assure investors that any such 
ratings will not change in the future. A rating reflects only the views of the 
relevant rating agency and is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the 
Covered Bonds and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
Listing: 
Application may be made to list issuances of Covered Bonds on the Oslo Børs. 
Unlisted Covered Bonds may also be issued. 
 
Terms and 
conditions: 
The terms and conditions (the "Conditions") applicable to each issuance of 
Covered Bonds will be the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
set out in this Base Prospectus as supplemented, modified or replaced by the 
relevant Final Terms. However, the Issuer may decide for itself or agree with 
any Dealer(s) that Covered Bonds may be issued in a form not contemplated by 
the Conditions in which case a supplementary prospectus, if appropriate, will be 
made available which will describe the effect of the decision or agreement 
reached in relation to such Covered Bonds. 
 
Events of Default 
and Cross Default: 
The Covered Bonds will not contain a cross-default provision or any other 
events of default entitling holders of Covered Bonds to demand immediate 
redemption.  
 
Negative Pledge: 
The Covered Bonds will not contain a negative pledge provision.  
 
Governing Law: 
The Covered Bonds shall be governed by and construed in accordance with 
Norwegian law. 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Covered 
Bonds and on the distribution of offering material including in the United States

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
 
of America, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, Denmark, 
Estonia, Finland, France, Hong Kong, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Latvia, Lithuania, 
Luxembourg, The Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, The People's Republic 
of China, Portugal, Singapore, Spain and Sweden, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are 
required by the Issuer to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each 
country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver 
Covered Bonds or have in their possession or distribute such offering material, 
in all cases at their own expense.  
 
The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme have not been and will not be 
registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. Furthermore, the Covered Bonds may not be offered or sold in any 
other country or jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Furthermore, this Base 
Prospectus or other offering material may not be distributed to or published in 
any country or jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations.  
 
Settlement System: 
Euronext VPS 
 
 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Covered Bonds: 
The terms and conditions applicable to each Series will be as agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at or prior to the time of issuance of such 
Series, and will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The terms and 
conditions applicable to each Series will therefore be the relevant Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds set out in this Base Prospectus, as 
supplemented, modified or replaced by the relevant Final Terms in relation to 
each Series. 
 
 
 
 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Covered Bonds. These are set out under the heading "Risk 
Factors." Investors should carefully consider these risk factors and all of the 
information in this Base Prospectus before deciding to buy Covered Bonds. 
 
 
 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds from each issue of Covered Bonds will be used for the general 
corporate purposes of the Issuer. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is 
another or a particular identified use of proceeds this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
 
 
Dealers:  
The Dealer specified herein and any additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or 
on an ongoing basis. 
 
 
Norwegian FSA: 
Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority.  
 
 
Prospectus 
Regulation: 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to 
the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market. 
 
 
 
Securities Trading 
Act:  
Act No. 75 of 29 June 2007 on Securities Trading.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
 
 
Final Terms:  
As further described in "Form of final terms". 
 
 
Tranche:  
A specific issuance may comprise of one or more tranches. 
 
 
Open Bond Issue: 
An issuance may be issued on different issue dates. 
 
 
Nordea Bank Norway Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge 
 
 
 
 
Nordea Group: 
Nordea Bank and its subsidiaries.  
 
 
BRRD:  
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms. 
 
 
CSD Act: 
Act No. 6 of 15 March 2019 on Central Securities Depositories 
 
 
 
 
LTV: 
Loan to value. 
 
 
VPS Act: 
Act No. 64 of 5 July 2002 on the Registration of Financial Instruments. 
 
 
 
 
Verdipapirsentralen 
ASA 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA trading as Euronext VPS ("Euronext VPS) 
 
 
 
 
IRB: 
The Nordea Group is approved by the financial supervisory authorities to use 
the internal ratings-based ("IRB") approach when calculating the capital 
requirements for the main part of its credit portfolio. 
 
 
Mortgage Act: 
Act No. 2 of 8 February 1980 on Mortgages. 
 
 
Covered Bonds: 
Covered bonds (No: "obligasjoner med fortrinnsrett"). 
 
 
Base Prospectus: 
This base prospectus . 
 
 
Re-domiciliation: 
The re-domiciliation of the parent company in the Nordea Group from Sweden 
to Finland. 
 
 
FFSA: 
Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority. 
 
 
ECB: 
The European Central Bank. 
 
 
CRD: 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision 
of credit institutions and investment firms. 
 
 
CRR: 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms. 
 
 
CRD IV: 
CRD and CRR together. 
 
 
Registrar: 
Nordea Bank Norway, Issuer Services, performing registrar services in 
Euronext VPS on behalf of the Issuer.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
 
DECLARATION FROM PERSONS RESPONSIBLE 
 
The Issuer with address Essendrops gate 7, N-0368 Oslo, Norway accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to 
affect its import. 
 
Oslo, 22 October 2021 
 
 
 
 
________________________ 
Børre Sten Gundersen 
Chief Executive Officer

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
 
THE ARRANGER'S DISCLAIMER 
 
Nordea Bank has, as Arranger, assisted the Issuer in preparing the Base Prospectus. Nordea Bank has not 
separately verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, 
express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Nordea Bank as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus, or any other financial statements 
or any further information supplied in connection with the Covered Bonds. Nordea Bank accept no liability in 
relation to the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements or their 
distribution or with regard to any other information supplied in connection with the Covered Bonds. The 
statements made in this paragraph are without prejudice to the responsibility of Nordea Eiendomskreditt AS 
in its capacity as Issuer under the Programme. Each person receiving this Base Prospectus acknowledges that 
such person has not relied on Nordea Bank or on any person affiliated with it in connection with its 
investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision. 
 
Oslo, 22 October 2021 
 
 
 
 
Nordea Bank Abp

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme (the 
"Conditions"). The Final Terms for each issuance of Covered Bonds supplement these Conditions and may 
specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these 
Conditions, replace the following Conditions for the purposes of such Covered Bonds.  
 
The Covered Bonds are issued in accordance with the registrar agreement dated 9 December 2008 (as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time, the "Registrar Agreement") made between the Issuer and Nordea 
Bank Norway, Issuer Services (the "Registrar").  
 
The holder of the Covered Bonds will be the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the record of the 
Euronext VPS (the "VPS Register"). Title to the Covered Bonds shall pass by registration in the VPS Register 
between the direct and the indirect accountholders at the Euronext VPS in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of the Euronext VPS (the "VPS Rules"). The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from 
Euronext VPS in accordance with the VPS Rules. Information about VPS rules can be found on the website 
of Euronext VPS: https://www.vps.no. Covered Bonds may only be transferred in accordance with the VPS 
Rules.  
As described in the chapter "Admittance to trading, clearing and issuances" below, the Covered Bonds of a 
specific issuance may be issued as an open bond issue with a fixed aggregate nominal amount comprising of 
one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") issued on different issue dates ("Open Bond Issue"). The terms and 
conditions of the Tranches of an Open Bond Issue are identical (except for price) and there will not be 
established specific Final Terms for the following Tranche(s).  
 
Copies of the Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are listed will be available on the Issuer's website 
(www.nordea.com) and/or on the website of any Dealer other than Nordea Group companies. Such Final Terms 
may also be available on the website of the Oslo Børs (www.oslobors.no).   
1. 
Form, Denomination and Currency 
(a) 
Form 
The Covered Bonds are issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in accordance with 
Act No. 6 of 15 March Central Securities Depositories (the "CSD Act"). 
On the issue of Covered Bonds, the Issuer will send a copy of the applicable Final Terms to the 
Registrar. On delivery of the applicable Final Terms by the Registrar to the Euronext VPS and 
notification to the Euronext VPS of the subscribers and their Euronext VPS account details by the 
relevant Dealer, the Registrar acting on behalf of the Issuer will credit each subscribing account holder 
with the VPS with a nominal amount of Covered Bonds equal to the nominal amount thereof for which 
it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of the Covered Bonds in the Euronext VPS will 
take place in accordance with market practice at the time of the transaction. Transfers of interest in the 
relevant Covered Bonds will take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being 
of the Euronext VPS.  
The Covered Bonds are either Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate Covered Bonds, depending 
on the Interest Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(b) 
Denomination  
Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to (i) a minimum denomination of the equivalent to €100,000 in NOK for each Covered Bond 
admitted to trading on Oslo Børs; and (ii) compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. Covered Bonds of one denomination may not be exchanged for Covered 
Bonds of any other denomination.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
 
(c) 
Currency of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are only denominated in Norwegian kroner ("NOK").  
2. 
Title 
(a) 
Title  
The holder of the Covered Bonds will be the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the record of 
the Euronext VPS (the "VPS Register"). Title to the Covered Bonds shall pass by registration in the 
VPS Register between the direct and the indirect accountholders at the Euronext VPS in accordance 
with the rules and procedures of the Euronext VPS (the "VPS Rules"). The Issuer shall be entitled to 
obtain information from Euronext VPS in accordance with the VPS Rules.  
The person in whose name the Covered Bonds are registered in the VPS Register shall be treated as the 
holder of such Covered Bonds for all purposes.   
(b) 
Transfer of Covered Bonds 
One or more Covered Bonds may only be transferred in accordance with the VPS Rules.  
3. 
Status 
The Covered Bonds are unsubordinated obligations issued in accordance with Norwegian Act No. 17 
of 10 April 2015 on Finance Institutions and Financial Conglomerates, Chapter 11, Sub Chapter I and 
appurtenant regulations (together the "Covered Bond Legislation") and rank pari passu among 
themselves and with all other obligations of the Issuer that have been provided the same priority as debt 
instruments issued pursuant to the Covered Bond Legislation. To the extent that claims in relation to 
the Covered Bonds and relating derivative contracts are not met out of the assets of the Issuer that are 
covered in accordance with the Covered Bond Legislation, the residual claims will rank pari passu with 
the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
 
4. 
Interest 
The Covered Bonds shall bear interest on its outstanding nominal amount at the rates per annum 
determined in accordance with this Condition 4.  
(a) 
Interest – Fixed Rate  
Covered Bonds with fixed interest rate ("Fixed Rate Covered Bonds") shall bear interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from and including their date of issue to, but excluding the date of final 
maturity thereof (each date as specified in the relevant Final Terms) at the rate or rates per annum 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Interest will be payable in arrears on such dates as are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and on the date of final maturity thereof.  
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount 
to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified.  
As used in these Conditions, Fixed Interest Period, means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date.  
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by 
the relevant Day Count Fraction and multiplying such figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. Interest may also be 
calculated on such other basis as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
 
(b) 
Interest – Floating Rate  
The Covered Bonds shall bear interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including their date 
of issue to, but excluding the date of final maturity thereof (each date as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) at a rate determined on the basis of the NIBOR reference rate. Interest will be payable on each 
date (an "Interest Payment Date") which falls such period of months as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms after such date of issue or, as the case may be, after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date.   
If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a date which is not a Business Day (as defined in 
Condition 4 (f)), it shall be postponed to the next Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event it shall be brought forward to the preceding Business Day 
("Modified Following Business Day Convention") unless another Business Day Convention is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. If such date of issue or any succeeding Interest Payment Date 
falls on the last Business Day of the month, each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day of the relevant month. 
Each period beginning on (and including) such date of issue and ending on (but excluding) the first 
Interest Payment Date and each period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date is herein called an "Interest Period". 
The Final Terms in relation to issuance of Covered Bonds shall specify which page (the "Relevant 
Screen Page") on the Reuters Screen or any other information vending service shall be applicable.  For 
these purposes, "Reuters Screen" means the Reuter Money 3000 Service (or such other service as may 
be nominated as the information vendor for the purpose of displaying comparable rates in succession 
thereto). 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Period 
shall be determined in the following manner:  
(i) 
the rate per annum equal to the offered quotation for deposits in NOK ascertained by Nordea 
Bank (the "Determination Agent") to be the rate appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at or 
about 12.00 noon (Oslo time) two Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period (the "Interest Determination Date") or such other page(s) replacing said page for this 
purpose; or 
(ii) 
if no such rate so appears, the Determination Agent will request appropriate quotations and 
will determine the rate based on the rate for deposits in NOK offered by the four largest 
Norwegian foreign exchange banks at approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo time) on the Interest 
Determination Date for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period and in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. If two 
or more rates are so quoted, the rate shall be determined to the arithmetic mean of the 
quotations. If fewer than two rates are so quoted, the rate shall be determined to the arithmetic 
mean of the rate for deposits in NOK offered by banks selected by the Determination Agent 
at approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo time) on the Interest Determination Date to major banks in 
Europe for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time,  
and the Rate of Interest applicable to such Covered Bonds during each Interest Period will be the sum 
of the relevant margin (the "Relevant Margin") specified in the relevant Final Terms and the rate (or, 
as the case may be, the arithmetic mean) so determined provided that, if the Determination Agent is 
unable to determine a rate (or, as the case may be, an arithmetic mean) in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to such Covered Bonds 
during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Relevant Margin and the rate (or, as the case may be, 
the arithmetic mean) last determined in relation to such Covered Bonds in respect of a preceding Interest 
Period.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
 
The Determination Agent will, as soon as practicable after determining the Rate of Interest in relation 
to each Interest Period, calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable in respect of 
the Calculation Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms for the relevant Interest Period.  The 
amount of interest should be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the relevant Day Count Fraction and multiplying such 
figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Covered Bond divided by the 
Calculation Amount. 
(c) 
Interest Rate and Payments in the event of an extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds  
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to an issuance of 
Covered Bonds and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in 
accordance with Condition 5 b), the Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity 
Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the relevant Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on 
which the Covered Bonds are redeemed in full and the Extended Maturity Date. In that event, interest 
shall be payable on those Covered Bonds at the rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms on the 
principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds in arrear on the Interest Payment Date in each 
month after the Maturity Date in respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date, subject as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms. The final Interest 
Payment Date shall fall no later than the Extended Maturity Date.  
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to an issuance of 
Covered Bonds and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in 
accordance with Condition 5 (b) the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the principal 
amount outstanding on the Covered Bonds on each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date in 
respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date will be as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and, where applicable, determined by the Determination Agent 
two business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the first such Interest Period and thereafter as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
This Condition 4 (c) shall only apply to the Covered Bonds to which an Extended Maturity Date is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer fails to redeem those Covered Bonds (in full) 
on the Maturity Date (or within two Business Days thereafter) and the maturity of those Covered Bonds 
is automatically extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 5 (b).  
(d) 
Benchmark Cessation 
If the Issuer determines that either (i) a Benchmark Event has occurred or (ii) considers (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) that there is a Successor Rate, in respect of NIBOR, 
then the following provisions shall apply: 
 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to select a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if a 
Benchmark Event has occurred and there is no Successor Rate, an alternative rate (the 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate") and an alternative screen page or source (the "Alternative 
Relevant Screen Page") and to determine an Adjustment Spread (if applicable) for purposes 
of determining future payments in respect of the Covered Bonds. If the Issuer cannot determine 
a Successor Rate in circumstances where a Benchmark Event has not occurred, NIBOR will 
continue to be used for the purposes of determining future payments in respect of the Covered 
Bonds; 
(ii) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Issuer acting in good faith considers 
has replaced NIBOR in customary market usage or, if there is no such rate, such other rate as 
the Issuer acting in good faith agree considers to be the most comparable alternative to NIBOR, 
and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information service as 
displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate;

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page 
is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the benchmark/reference rate 
and the relevant screen page or price course in relation to the Covered Bonds for all future 
payments and determinations, hereunder the determination of the Rate of Interest, in respect 
of the Covered Bonds (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4 (d) if a further 
Benchmark Event occurs); 
(iv) 
if the Issuer, acting in good faith, determines that (A) an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and (B) the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Interest Amount(s) or other payment(s) in respect of 
the Covered Bonds (or a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(v) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with the above provisions, the Issuer may also specify changes to the Day Count 
Fraction, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Interest Determination Date and/or other 
terms applicable to the Covered Bonds, and the method for determining the fallback rate in 
relation to the Covered Bonds, in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, which changes shall apply to 
the Covered Bonds for all future payments and determinations in respect of the Covered Bonds 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4(d));   
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page and Adjustment Spread (if any), give 
notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (v) above to the holders of 
Covered Bonds. 
(vii) 
if the Issuer is unable to select a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate or, if it 
determines that there is no such rate, the Reference Rate applicable to such Interest Period shall 
be equal to the Reference Rate for a term equivalent to the relevant Interest Period published 
on the Relevant Screen Page as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Relevant Margin is to be applied to the Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Relevant Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). For the 
avoidance of doubt this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period 
and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in the first paragraph of this Condition 4 (d); 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled to make any and all additions and adjustments to the Conditions as the Issuer 
deems necessary in connections with a Benchmark Event. 
(e) 
Interest—Supplemental Provisions 
In case of an Open Bond Issue, the investors in a subsequent Tranche will receive interest on the Interest 
Payment Dates following the issue date of the Tranche they have invested in. The investors will on 
these Interest Payment Dates receive the same amount of interest as the investors in the first Tranche 
of the Open Bond Issue. If a subsequent Trance of an Open Bond Issue is issued on a different day than 
an Interest Payment Date, the investors will have to pay accrued interest in addition to the Issue Price. 
Accrued interest is calculated based on Actual/365 Day Count Fraction in the case of Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds and Actual/360 Day Count Fraction in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms. The Determination Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and 
each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to 
the Issuer, the Registrar, the holders of Covered Bonds, the Oslo Børs (in case of listed Covered Bonds)

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
 
and the Euronext VPS as soon as possible after their determination. Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended without prior notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to the 
Oslo Børs (in case of listed Covered Bonds) and to the holders of Covered Bonds. The determination 
by the Determination Agent of all rates of interest and amounts of interest for the purposes of this 
Condition 4 shall, in the absence of manifest error, be final and binding on all parties. 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so 
specified. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, including where the Minimum Rate 
of Interest is specified as being "Not Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
Covered Bonds will cease to bear interest from the date for its redemption, unless upon due presentation 
or surrender thereof (if required), payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused or default is 
otherwise made in the payment thereof in which case interest shall continue to accrue in accordance 
with these Conditions. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer, acting in 
good faith, determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate as a result of the replacement of NIBOR with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which (i) is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in 
relation to the replacement of NIBOR by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (ii) failing 
which, is in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets or derivatives 
markets for transactions which reference NIBOR, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate; or (iii) if no such recommendation or 
option has been made (or made available), or the Issuer determines there is no such spread, 
formula or methodology in customary market usage, the Issuer determines, acting in good 
faith, to be appropriate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
holders of Covered Bonds as a result of the replacement of NIBOR with the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable). 
 
"Benchmark Event" means 
  
(A) 
NIBOR has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of 
such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of NIBOR that it will cease publishing 
NIBOR permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of NIBOR); or 
 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of NIBOR that 
NIBOR has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of NIBOR that means 
that NIBOR will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences; or 
 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of NIBOR that, in the 
view of such supervisor NIBOR is no longer representative of an underlying 
market; or

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
 
 
(F) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Issuer or any agent or third party to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any holder of Covered Bonds using 
NIBOR (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation, if 
applicable). 
"Business Day" means any day on which Norwegian commercial banks are open for general 
business, and when Norwegian banks can settle foreign currency transactions, being any day 
on which the Norwegian Central Bank's Settlement System is open;  
 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of 
time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/365 or Actual/Actual" is specified in the Final Terms,  
(1) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number 
of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(2) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
- 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
and 
- 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; and 
(iii) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction =  
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding 
the last day of the Calculation Period; 
 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date of issue of the Covered Bonds (as specified 
in the Final Terms) or such other date as may be specified as such in the Final Terms; 
 
"Regular Period" means: 
(iv) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to 
but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(v) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including 
a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest 
Payment Date falls; and 
(vi) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next 
Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the 
end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate, hereunder 
NIBOR, (as applicable): (i) Norges Bank (the central bank of Norway), or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or (ii) any working group or, committee sponsored 
by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) Norges Bank (the central bank 
of Norway), (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of 
the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof; or (iii) the International Swaps and Derivatives Association; 
 
"Successor Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if 
available) that the Issuer determines is a successor to or replacement of NIBOR (for the 
avoidance of doubt, whether or not a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of NIBOR) 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
 
5. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, Covered Bonds shall be redeemed at their 
principal amount (or at such other redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms)

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
 
on the date or dates (or, in the case of Covered Bonds which bear interest at a floating rate of interest, 
on the date or dates upon which interest is payable) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Extended Maturity Date 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and the Issuer fails to redeem 
all of those Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date or within two Business Days thereafter, the maturity 
of the Covered Bonds and the date on which such Covered Bonds will be due and payable for the 
purposes of these Conditions will be automatically extended up to but no later than the Extended 
Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms. In that event, the Issuer 
may redeem all or any of part of the principal amount outstanding on the Covered Bonds on an Interest 
Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity 
Date or as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer shall give to the holders of 
Covered Bonds and the Registrar notice of its intention to redeem all or any of the principal amount 
outstanding on the Covered Bonds in full at least five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, or, as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify such 
persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any redemption by the Issuer on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date or as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date or give rise to rights to any such 
persons.  
Any such extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds shall be irrevocable. Any failure to redeem 
the Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date or any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds in 
accordance with this condition shall not constitute an event of default for any purpose or give any 
holders of Covered Bonds any right to receive payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the relevant 
Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in these Conditions.  
In the event of the extension of the maturity Covered Bonds under this Condition (b), interest rates, 
interest periods and interest payment dates on the Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity 
Date to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date shall be determined and made in accordance with 
the applicable Final Terms and Condition 4 (c).  
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding on the Covered Bonds on an 
Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the redemption proceeds shall be 
applied rateably across the Covered Bonds and the principal amount outstanding on the Covered Bonds 
shall be reduced by the level of that redemption.  
If the maturity of any Covered Bonds is extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with 
this Condition 5 (b), subject as otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms, for so long as any 
of those Covered Bonds remain in issue, the Issuer shall not issue any further Covered Bonds, unless 
the proceeds of issue of such further Covered Bonds are applied by the Issuer on issue in redeeming in 
whole or in party the relevant Covered Bonds in accordance with the terms hereof.  
This Condition 5 (b) shall only apply to the Covered Bonds to which an Extended Maturity Date is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer fails to redeem those Covered Bonds (in full) 
on the Maturity Date (or within two Business Days thereafter).  
(c) 
Optional Early Redemption (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, then the Issuer may, having 
given not less than 15 days' notice to the holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 12 
(any such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or 
some only of the relevant Covered Bonds then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date at the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. In the case of partial redemption of Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds to be 
redeemed ("Redeemed Covered Bonds") will be selected by lot not less than 15 days prior to the date 
fixed for redemption (such date of selection hereinafter called the "Selection Date").  
(d) 
Optional Early Redemption (Investor Put)

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
 
If Investor Put is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, upon the holder of Covered 
Bonds giving the Issuer in accordance with Condition 12 (notices) not less than 30 days' notice the 
Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem subject to, and in accordance with the, the terms 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Covered Bonds on the Optional Redemption Date and at 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the Optional Redemption Date.  
In order to exercise such option, the holders of such Covered Bonds must, within the notice period, give 
notice to the Registrar of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of the Euronext VPS 
from time to time. Any such notice shall be irrevocable.  
(e) 
Purchase of Covered Bonds 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries (if any) may at any time purchase Covered Bonds in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. 
(f) 
Cancellation of Covered Bonds 
All unmatured Covered Bonds redeemed or purchased in accordance with this Condition 5 (a) to (d) 
will be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold.  Covered Bonds purchased according to Condition 
5 (e) may at the Issuer's discretion be retained, sold or used for partial redemption by deleting the 
Covered Bonds in the Euronext VPS.     
(g) 
Procedure for Payment Upon Redemption 
Any redemption of the Covered Bonds shall be in accordance with the VPS Rules. 
6. 
Taxation 
There is no withholding tax on interest in Norway and all payments of principal and interest in respect 
of the Covered Bonds by the Issuer will be made without deduction for or on account of withholding 
taxes. If any future withholding tax on interest in Norway implies a legal requirement for withholding 
or deduction of withholding tax, such withholding or deduction will be made by the Issuer. In that event, 
the Issuer has no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify a holder of Covered 
Bonds for any such withholding or deduction.     
7. 
Payments  
Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds and notification thereof to its 
holders will be made to the holders of Covered Bonds registered as such in the Euronext VPS and in 
accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations from time to time governing the Euronext VPS.  
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bonds is not a Business Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant payment due until the next following Business 
Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any such delay.   
8. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Covered Bonds in the case of principal will be prescribed unless 
made within ten years (or, in the case of claims in respect of interest, three years) after the due date for 
payment. 
9. 
Transfer and exchange  
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of the Covered Bonds in the Euronext VPS will 
normally by default take place two Oslo business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Payment 
of interest from the relevant Covered Bonds will only take place in accordance with the current 
procedures and regulations of the Euronext VPS. The Covered Bonds may be transferred between 
account holders at the Euronext VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations, for the time 
being, of the Euronext VPS.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
 
 
In the event of a partial redemption of Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall not be required to register the 
transfer of any Covered Bonds called for partial redemption.  
 
Holders of Covered Bonds will not be required to bear the cost and expenses of effecting any 
registration, transfer or administration in relation to the VPS Register, except for any costs or expenses 
of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of 
a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in 
relation to the registration. The holders of Covered Bonds must bear the costs of having a Euronext 
VPS account (investor's account).  
 
10. 
The Registrar and the Determination Agent 
The Registrar and the Determination Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder of Covered Bonds. The Issuer may 
at any time vary or terminate the appointment of the Registrar or any Determination Agent and appoint 
additional or other agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Registrar authorised 
to act as an account operating institution with the Euronext VPS, (ii) one or more Determination 
Agent(s) where the Conditions so require and for so long as the relevant Covered Bonds are outstanding, 
and (iii) such other agents as may be required by Oslo Børs(in case of listing of Covered Bonds). Notice 
of changes in the identities or specified offices of the Registrar and Determination Agent will be notified 
promptly to the holders of the Covered Bonds.  
11. 
Meetings of holders of Covered Bonds  
(a) 
Bondholder's meeting 
There is no trustee appointed for the holders of Covered Bonds. The meeting of holders of Covered 
Bonds (the "Bondholder's Meeting") represents the supreme authority of the holders of Covered Bonds 
in all matters relating to a specific issuance of Covered Bonds. If a resolution by or an approval of the 
holders of Covered Bonds is required, resolution of such shall be passed at a Bondholders' Meeting. 
Resolutions passed at Bondholders' Meetings shall be binding upon and prevail for all the Covered 
Bonds of the specific issuance, whether or not they are present at such meeting.    
(b) 
Procedural rules for the Bondholder's Meeting 
A Bondholders' Meeting shall be held at the request of: 
(i) 
the Issuer, 
(ii) 
holders of Covered Bonds representing at least 1/10 of the nominal amount of the Covered 
Bonds for the time being remaining outstanding of a specific issuance, or  
(iii) 
the Oslo Børs or Oslo ABM, if the Covered Bonds are listed. 
Summons to a Bondholders Meeting shall be dispatched not less than 10 – ten – Business Days prior 
to the Bondholders' Meeting. The summons shall be sent to all holders of Covered Bonds registered in 
the Euronext VPS at the time of distribution. The summons shall also be sent to the Oslo Børs for 
publication (in case the relevant Covered Bonds are listed). 
The summons shall specify the agenda of the Bondholders' Meeting. If amendments to these Conditions 
have been proposed, the main content of the proposal shall be stated in the summons. Matters that have 
not been reported to the holders of Covered Bonds may only be adopted with the approval of all the 
holders of Covered Bonds present at the Bondholder's Meeting. With regard to Covered Bonds listed 
on the Oslo Børs or the Oslo ABM, the summons shall also contain information regarding the holder's 
right to participate at the meeting, payment of interest, the exercise of any conversion, exchange or 
cancellation rights and repayment of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
 
The Bondholders' Meeting shall be held on premises designated by the Issuer. The Bondholders' 
Meeting shall be opened by the Issuer and be chaired by a representative elected by the Bondholders' 
Meeting (the "Chairman").  
Minutes of the Bondholders' Meeting shall be kept. The minutes shall state the number of holders of 
Covered Bonds represented at the Bondholders' Meeting, the resolutions passed at the meeting, and the 
result of the voting. The minutes shall be signed by the Chairman and at least one other person elected 
by the Bondholders' Meeting. The minutes shall be filed with the Issuer and shall be available to the 
holders of Covered Bonds.  
The holders of Covered Bonds, the Issuer and, if applicable, representatives of the Oslo Børs or Oslo 
ABM, have the right to attend the Bondholders' Meeting. The chairman may grant access to the meeting 
to other parties, unless the Bondholders' Meeting decides otherwise. Holders of Covered Bonds may 
attend by a representative holding proxy. Bondholders have the right to be assisted by an advisor. In 
case of dispute the Chairman shall decide who may attend the Bondholders' Meeting and vote for the 
Covered Bonds. 
(c) 
Resolution passed at the Bondholder's Meetings 
At the Bondholders' Meeting each holder of Covered Bonds may cast one vote for each Covered Bond 
owned. However, the Issuer's own Covered Bonds do not give the right to vote and are not taken into 
account when determining the number of voting Covered Bonds. For the purposes of a Bondholder's 
meeting, the person named in the certificate from Euronext VPS two Business Days prior to the meeting 
shall be treated as the holder of Covered Bonds provided that he has given an undertaking not to transfer 
the Covered Bonds so specified (prior to the close of the meeting).  
In all matters, the Issuer and any holder of Covered Bonds have the right to demand vote by ballot. In 
case of parity of votes, the Chairman shall have the deciding vote, regardless of the Chairman being a 
holder of Covered Bonds or not.  
In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the holders of the Covered Bonds of specific issuance 
must be represented at the meeting. Even if less than half (1/2) of the Covered Bonds of a specific 
issuance are represented, the Bondholders' Meeting shall be held and voting completed. If the 
Bondholders' Meeting does not form a quorum, a repeated Bondholders' Meeting may be summoned to 
vote on the same matters. The attendance and the voting result of the first Bondholders' Meeting shall 
be specified in the summons for the repeated Bondholders' Meeting. When a matter is tabled for 
discussion at a repeated Bondholders' Meeting, a valid resolution may be passed even though less than 
half (1/2) of the Covered Bonds of the specific issuance are represented.  
Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the Covered Bonds represented at the Bondholders' 
Meeting. In the following matters, a majority of at least 2/3 of the Covered Bonds represented at the 
Bondholders' Meeting is required: 
(i) 
Modification of the Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or reduction or cancellation of the nominal amount payable upon maturity; 
(ii)  
Reduction or cancellation of the amount payable, or modification of the payment date in 
respect of any interest in relation to the Covered Bonds or variation of the method of 
calculating the rate of interest in respect of the Covered Bonds; and 
(iii) 
Transfer of rights and obligations under these Conditions to another Issuer.  
The Bondholders' Meeting may not adopt resolutions which may give certain holders of Covered Bonds 
or others an unreasonable advantage at the expense of other holders of Covered Bonds.  
The Issuer, the holders of Covered Bonds and, if applicable, the Oslo Børs shall be notified of 
resolutions passed at the Bondholders' Meeting. 
12. 
Notices 
Notices to the holders of Covered Bonds shall be valid if the relevant notice is given to the Euronext 
VPS for communication by it to the holders of Covered Bonds. In relation to Covered Bonds listed on

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
 
the Oslo Børs, the Issuer shall ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with 
the rules of the Oslo Børs. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date two days 
after delivery to the Euronext VPS.  
13. 
Provision of information 
The Registrar and the account operator in the Euronext VPS for an investor's account is obligated, upon 
request, to provide any relevant Norwegian authorities, including the Financial Supervisory Authority 
of Norway and the Norwegian tax authorities, with any information registered on the relevant Euronext 
VPS account(s). Such information may include the identity of the registered holder of the Covered 
Bonds, the residency of the registered holder of the Covered Bonds, the number of Covered Bonds 
registered with the relevant holder, the address of the relevant holder, the account operator in respect 
of the relevant Euronext VPS account and whether or not the Covered Bonds are registered in the name 
of a nominee and the identity of any such nominee. 
14. 
Further issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the holders of any Covered Bonds of any 
issuance create and issue further Covered Bonds. In case of an Open Bond Issue, the Issuer may without 
the consent of the holders of Covered Bonds issue subsequent Tranches and also increase the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Open Bond Issue. The Issuer shall send a notice of the new Aggregate Nominal 
Amount to the Registrar and the Oslo Børs (in case of listed Covered Bonds). The terms and conditions 
of the Tranches of an Open Bond Issue will be identical (except for price) and there will not be 
established specific Final Terms for the following Tranche(s).  
15. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
The Covered Bonds shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law. 
The courts of Norway shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceeding, and 
to settle any disputes, which may arise out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds herein.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each issuance of Covered Bonds under 
the Programme.  
 
[Date] 
NORDEA EIENDOMSKREDITT AS 
Issue of 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of issuance] [Open Bond Issue] 
[Title of Covered Bonds] 
Issued under the 
NOK 150 000 000 000 Covered Bond Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purpose of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 22 October 2021 [and the base prospectus supplement[s] dated [date] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation").   This Document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus [as supplemented].] 
 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a 
Base Prospectus with an earlier date: 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the base prospectus dated [13 June 2013/18 June 2014/23 June 2015/8 July 2016/9 October 2017/14 
February 2019/2 April 2020/31 March 2021] [and the base prospectus supplement[s] dated [•]].  This document 
comprises the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [•] 2021 [and the base prospectus 
supplement[s] dated [•]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"), save in respect of the Conditions 
which are extracted from the [base prospectus] dated [13 June 2013/18 June 2014/23 June 2015/8 July 2016/9 
October 2017/14 February 2019/2 April 2020/31 March 2021] [and the base prospectus supplement[s] dated 
[•]] and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.] 
 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as supplemented]. The Base Prospectus is available 
for viewing at, and paper copies may be obtained from, the specified office of the Issuer. In addition, the Base 
Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms will be available on the Issuer's website (www.nordea.com) [and 
the website of any Dealer other than Nordea Group companies]. [The Base Prospectus and the applicable Final 
Terms will also be published on the website of the [Oslo Børs (www.oslobors.no)].]  
 
"[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II") and the Act No. 75 of 29 June 2007 on Securities Trading (as amended, the "Norwegian Securities 
Trading Act"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II or the Norwegian 
Securities Trading Act is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – the Covered 
Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in (i) any Member State of the European Union, 
or (ii) another state in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or the United Kingdom ("U.K.") which 
has implemented Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") and such implementation is 
in force and effect. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU ("(as amended), "MiFID 
II");")][MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation for offering or selling 
the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to such retail investors in the EEA or in the U.K. 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them  
available to any such retail investor in the EEA or in the U.K. may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A).  Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs.  Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When adding any other final terms or information consideration should be given as to whether such terms or 
information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1. Issuer: 
Nordea Eiendomskreditt AS 
2. 
Issuance Number: 
[•] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
NOK  
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
[[Open Bond Issue:  
Issuance:  [•] 
First Tranche:  [•]  
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date]  
 
[If other Day Count Fraction than Actual/365 (Fixed 
Rate Covered Bonds) or Actual/360 (Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds) for payable accrued interest for 
Open Bond Issue: Any accrued interest payable in 
addition to the Issue Price will be calculated based on 
[   ] Day Count Fraction.] 
 
6. 
(i)         Specified Denomination: 
[•] 
(No Covered Bonds may be issued which have a 
minimum denomination of less than the equivalent of 
EUR 100,000 in NOK) 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount 
[•] 
 
 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date  
[•]

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
 
 
(ii)        Interest Commencement 
Date 
[•] 
 
(a)         Period to Maturity Date  
[•] 
 
 
(b)        Period from Maturity Date 
up to Extended Maturity 
Date 
 
[Not Applicable] [•]   
8. 
(i)      Maturity Date: 
[•] (for Floating Rate Covered Bonds Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year)  
 
 
(ii)     Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[The Extended Maturity Date is [•]]  
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[NIBOR +/- [•] per cent. 
 
 
 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
 
[Other (specify)] 
 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
10. 
Redemption: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
 
 
[Other (specify)] 
 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not applicable] [Investor Put] 
 
 
 
[Not applicable] [Issuer Call] 
 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
13. 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds are unsubordinated obligations 
issued in accordance with Norwegian Act No. 17 of 
10 April 2015 on Finance Institutions and Financial 
Conglomerates (the "Financial Undertakings Act") 
Chapter 11, Sub-Chapter I and appurtenant 
regulations (together the "Covered Bond 
Legislation") and rank pari passu among themselves 
and with all other obligations of the Issuer that have 
been provided the same priority as debt instruments 
issued pursuant to the Covered Bond Legislation. To 
the extent that claims in relation to the Covered 
Bonds and relating derivative contracts are not met 
out of the assets of the Issuer that are covered in 
accordance with the Covered Bond Legislation, the 
residual claims will rank pari passu with the 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
 
 
14. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST PAYABLE (TO MATURITY DATE) 
 
15. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable [annually / 
semiannually / quarterly / monthly/ other (specify)] in 
arrear] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [adjusted [for payment purposes 
only] in accordance with the] [Modified Following 
Business Day Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention (the Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day) /  
Preceding Business Day Convention (the Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day/ other (give 
details)) [/not adjusted] 
[Condition 7 second paragraph applies.] 
 
(This will need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupons)  
 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: [•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]] 
 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365, Actual/360 or 30/360] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
 
[Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long and short 
first or last coupon] 
 
 
 
(NB:  This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest payment dates which are not of equal 
duration). 
 
 
 
(NB:  Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/365). 
 
 
(vii) 
Other terms relating to the 
method 
of 
calculating 
interest for Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
 
16. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
 [[•] / IMM dates in [•] falling in [•] each year] 
 
[Short/Long first Interest Period from and including 
[•] to but excluding [•]] 
 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention / 
Following Business Day Convention (the Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day) / Preceding Business Day 
Convention (the Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day/ other (give details)    
 
(iii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Not Applicable] [Screen Rate Determination] 
 
(iv) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Determination Agent): 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[•] NIBOR 
 
[The applicable reference rate for the first short/long 
Interest Period is [•] NIBOR] 
 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
two Business Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[   ]  
 
 
(vi) 
Margin(s): 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(vii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum /Not Applicable 
 
 
(viii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum /Not Applicable 
 
 
(ix) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365, Actual/360 or 30/360] 
 
(x) 
Other terms relating to the 
method 
of 
calculating 
interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds: 
 
[•] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST PAYABLE (FROM MATURITY DATE UP TO 
EXTENDED MATURITY DATE)

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
 
 
17. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
  
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[Not Applicable] [•] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually / semiannually / quarterly / monthly/ other 
(specify)] in arrear] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] [•] in each month up to and 
including the Extended Maturity Date, adjusted in 
accordance with the [Modified Following Business 
Day Convention / Following Business Day 
Convention (the Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day) / 
Preceding Business Day Convention (the Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day/ other (give 
details) [/not adjusted] [Condition 7 second 
paragraph applies.] 
  
(This will need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupons)  
 
 (N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
coupons which are not on a monthly basis) 
 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: [Not Applicable] [•] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable] [Insert particulars of any initial or 
final broken interest amounts which do not 
correspond with the Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]]  
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Not Applicable] [Actual/365, Actual/360 or 30/360] 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] [•] in each year  
 
[Insert extended regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring maturity date or extended maturity date in 
the case of a long and short first or last coupon] 
 
 
(NB:  This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest payment dates which are not of equal 
duration). 
 
 
(NB:  Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/365). 
 
 
(vii) 
Other terms relating to the 
method 
of 
calculating 
interest for Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
 
18. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable] [•] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable] [Modified Following Business Day 
Convention / Following Business Day Convention 
(the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day) / Preceding 
Business Day Convention (the Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day/ other (give details) 
 
(iii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[Not Applicable] [Screen Rate Determination]  
(iv) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Determination Agent): 
[Not Applicable] [•] 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Not Applicable] 
Reference Rate: 
[•] NIBOR 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
two Business Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[      ] 
 
(vi) 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable] [•] per cent. per annum 
(vii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ● ] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable 
(viii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ● ] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable 
(ix) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Not Applicable] [Actual/365, Actual/360 or 30/360] 
 
(x) 
Other terms relating to the 
method 
of 
calculating 
interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds:   
[Not Applicable] [•] 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
19. 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph). 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•]

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) and method, if 
any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
a) 
Minimum 
Redemption  
       Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
b)  Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions): 
[•] 
20. 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) and method, if 
any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions): 
[•] 
 
 
 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] [Redemption at par]  
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE COVERED BONDS 
 
22. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds are registered in uncertificated 
and dematerialised book-entry form with the 
Euronext VPS. 
23. 
Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(When adding any other final terms consideration 
should be given as to whether such terms or 
information constitute "significant new factors" and 
consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.) 
 
 
 
[Relevant Benchmark(s): 
[NIBOR/other] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. [As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name] [appears] /[does not 
appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended]/[As far as 
the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, the [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended] / [As far as 
the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended apply, such that [name of administrator] is 
not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)] / [Not Applicable] 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
24. 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers  
[Not Applicable/give names,] 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
[Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement:] 
[•] 
25. 
If non-syndicated, name   of Dealer 
(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
 
26. 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details]  
27. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK 
Retail Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not 
constitute "packaged" products, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified. 
 
If the Covered Bonds may constitute "packaged" 
products and no KID will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue [and admission to trading on 
[Oslo Børs]] of the Covered Bonds described herein pursuant to the NOK 150 000 000 000 
Covered Bond Programme of Nordea Eiendomskreditt AS. 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. 
[[(Relevant third party information)] has been extracted from [(specify source)].  The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [(specify source)], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Nordea Eiendomskreditt AS:  
 
 
By: 
……………………… 
By: 
……………………… 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Date: 
………………………… 
Date: 
………………………

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. LISTING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Oslo Børs/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been / will be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be 
admitted to trading on the Oslo Børs with effect from 
on or about [•]/ Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already admitted 
to trading.) 
 
2. MARKET MAKING 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Dealer(s) 
Acting 
as 
market 
maker(s):  
[•] 
 
 
(Need to include a description of the main 
obligations of the market makers.) 
 
3. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The issuance of Covered Bonds itself [has been] [is 
expected to be] rated: 
 
 
[Moody's: [•]] 
[S&P: [•]] 
[Other rating agency: [•]] 
 
 
 
[The issuance of Covered Bonds itself has not been 
assigned any ratings solicited by the Issuer] 
 
 
 
 
[[Moody's] [Other Rating Agency] is established in 
the EU and has been registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating 
agencies.] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4.  
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
AND/OR OFFER 
 
 
Save for any commissions payable to the Dealers, the Issuer is not aware that any person 
involved in the issue and/or offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the issue 
and/or the offer. [Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
 
 
[•] 
[[See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Base Prospectus] 
/ specify use of proceeds in respect of any Green Covered 
Bonds [•]]  
 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
Estimated total expenses in relation 
to admission to trading: 
[•] 
 
 
 
6.  
[Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only-
YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield 
[Not Applicable] [[•] per cent. [per annum / other 
interest period]  
 
 
 
Calculated as [include method of calculation in 
summary form] on the Issue Date. 
 
 
 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue 
Date on the basis of the Issue Price.  It is not an 
indication of future yield.] 
7. 
[Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
only - HISTORIC INTEREST 
RATES 
 
 
Details of the historic Reference Rate can be obtained from [Reuters / [•]]. Such details 
[can/cannot] be obtained free of charge. 
 
 
 
8.  
OPERATIONAL 
INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
 
Issuer LEI: 
[•] 
 
 
Settlement system 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA, Euronext VPS, P.O.Box 
1174 Sentrum, 
0107 Oslo 
 
Company registration number 985 140 421 
 
Euronext VPS is a Norwegian public limited 
company authorised to register rights to financial 
instruments subject to the legal effects laid down in 
the CSD Act. Euronext VPS settles trades in the 
Norwegian securities market, and provides services 
relating to stock issues, distribution of dividends and

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
 
other corporate actions for companies registered in 
Euronext VPS. 
[Euronext VPS identification number: [•]] 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery against payment 
 
 
Name(s) and address(es) of 
Registrar: 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge 
P.O. Box 1166 Sentrum 
0107 Oslo

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
The net proceeds from each issue of Covered Bonds will be used for the general corporate purposes of the 
Issuer.  If, in respect of any particular issue, there is another or a particular identified use of proceeds, such as 
for example in relation to any Green Covered Bonds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
In relation to any Green Covered Bonds, Nordea's Green Bond Framework (applicable to the Issuer) (the “Green Bond 
Framework”) and the second party opinion provided by ISS ESG (or such other second party opinion provider as may be 
engaged by the Issuer from time to time) are available at https://www.nordea.com/en/investors/debt-and-rating/green-
bonds.  Nordea and/or the Issuer will annually publish on its website a Green Bond report that provides, inter alia, the 
amount of net proceeds that have been allocated to each category of Green Assets and the balance of net proceeds yet to 
be allocated to Green Assets.  
The Green Bond Framework may be amended at any time without the consent of noteholders of Covered Bonds.  Any 
revisions or updates to the Green Bond Framework will be made available on the website indicated above, but the Issuer 
will not have any obligation to notify noteholders of Covered Bonds of any such amendments. 
The Green Bond Framework, any relevant opinion or certification and any other document related thereto including any 
Covered Bonds, links to the Issuer’s website and/or progress and impact assessment reports are not, nor shall they be 
deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
 
ADMITTANCE TO TRADING, SETTLEMENT AND ISSUANCES 
 
The information set out below is subject to changes in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Euronext VPS. Investors wishing to use the facilities of Euronext VPS must check the rules, 
regulations and procedures of Euronext VPS which are in effect at the relevant time. 
 
Distribution  
The Covered Bonds will be distributed and marketed pursuant to arrangements between the Issuer and each of 
the Dealers.  
Admittance to trading  
 
The Issuer may apply for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on the Oslo Børs in connection with the 
issuance of the Covered Bonds and in accordance with the Conditions. The Issuer may also issue Covered 
Bonds that are not listed.  
 
Euronext VPS 
Covered Bonds will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form with the Norwegian 
Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA, operating trading as Euronext VPS ("Euronext 
VPS"). Euronext VPS is a Norwegian public limited liability company authorised to register rights to financial 
instruments as a central securities depository in Norway in accordance with the Act of 5 July 2002 no. 64 on 
the Registration of Financial Instruments (the "VPS Act").  
 
From 1 January 2020, the VPS Act has been repealed and replaced by the Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 on 
Central Securities Depositories (the "CSD Act"), which implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 ("CSDR") 
into Norwegian law. However, transitional rules have been passed to allow Euronext VPS to operate under the 
old rules in the VPS Act until such time when Euronext VPS is authorised as a central securities depository 
under the CSD Act/CSDR. 
 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions, as well as payments of interest and principal, will take place 
through the Euronext VPS system.  
 
The Issuer must have an VPS account (issuer's account) where all the Covered Bonds are registered. Each 
holder of Covered Bonds is required to have her/his own VPS account (investor's account) or to have an 
arrangement with an nominee for the registration of Covered Bonds on a nominee account in Euronext VPS. 
For the purpose of registration in the Euronext VPS, the Issuer and the holders of Covered Bonds must appoint 
an account operator, in most cases a bank or an investment firm operating in Norway.  
 
The Covered Bonds will be registered in the Euronext VPS pursuant to a registrar agreement (the "Registrar 
Agreement") with the Registrar. The registration in Euronext VPS of each issuance will be effectuated in close 
cooperation between the Issuer, the Registrar, the Arranger and Dealer and the Euronext VPS. 
 
Settlement 
The Covered bonds are electronically settled through the Euronext VPS. Settlement of sale and purchase 
transactions in respect of the Covered Bonds in the Euronext VPS will normally by default take place two Oslo 
business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Payment of interest from the relevant Covered Bonds 
will only take place in accordance with the procedures and regulations, for the time being, of the Euronext 
VPS. The Covered Bonds may be transferred between account holders at the Euronext VPS in accordance with 
the procedures and regulations, for the time being, of the Euronext VPS. 
Market making

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
 
The Issuer may enter into market maker agreements with some or all of the Dealers, pursuant to which the 
Dealers shall, subject to the conditions of such agreements, make specific efforts with regard to establishing 
and developing a secondary market for Covered Bonds that are given status as benchmark bonds ("Benchmark 
Covered Bonds"). The Dealers acting as market makers shall, subject to the conditions of such agreements, 
buy and sell Benchmark Covered Bonds in the secondary market and provide bid and ask quotes for 
Benchmark Covered Bonds.    
Price, return on investment and yield 
The price of the Covered Bond is a decision between the seller and the buyer, influenced by, among other 
things, credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk. Investments in Covered Bonds with fixed interest rate involve 
the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of fixed interest 
Covered Bonds. Investments in Covered Bonds with floating interest involve a risk of interest rate changes. 
The return on investment is a sum of the difference between the issue price/purchase price and sales price in 
addition to received interest during the period. Brokerage fee must also be taken into consideration.  
For Covered Bonds with a fixed interest rate the yield will be indicated in the Final Terms. The method of 
calculating the yield for Fixed Rate Covered Bonds will also be specified in the Final Terms. Unless otherwise 
stated in the Final Terms, the yield for Fixed Rate Covered Bonds will be calculated at the issue date on the 
basis of the issue price. This yield is not an indication of future yield.  The investor's yield on Covered Bonds 
with a floating interest rate is based on the interest rate, the day count fraction and the applicable issue price 
or purchase price. For Floating Rate Covered Bonds yield will not be indicated in the Final Terms as the 
interest rate is based on the NIBOR reference rate, which fluctuates and is determined two Business Days prior 
to the first day of the relevant interest period. 
Open Bond Issues 
The Issuer will from time to time issue Covered Bonds. The Covered Bonds of each issuance will be subject 
to the terms as set out in the Final Terms.  
 
The Covered Bonds of a specific issuance may be issued as an open bond issue with a fixed aggregate nominal 
amount comprising of one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") issued on different issue dates ("Open Bond 
Issue"). The terms and conditions of the Tranches of an Open Bond Issue are identical (except for price) and 
there will not be established specific Final Terms for the following Tranche(s).  
The sale of subsequent Tranches of an Open Bond Issue is regularly handled by the Dealers, which offer quotes 
in the secondary market for these Covered Bonds. The price in the market is dependent on several factors, 
amongst other things, the size of the Tranche and the interest in the market for the relevant maturity. The 
investors in a subsequent Tranche will receive the same amount of interest on the next interest payment date 
as the investors in the first Tranche of an Open Bond Issue. If a subsequent Trance of an Open Bond Issue is 
issued on a different day than an Interest Payment Date, the investors will have to pay accrued interest in 
addition to the Issue Price. Subsequent Tranches of an Open Bond Issue may in principle be issued up to the 
maturity date of the specific Covered Bonds.   
Issuer's Covered Bonds 
The Issuer has the right to acquire and own the Covered Bonds. Such Covered Bonds may at the Issuer's 
discretion be retained, sold or used for partial redemption by deleting the Covered Bonds in the Euronext VPS.  
The Issuer may acquire Covered Bonds with the objective of managing liquidity, supporting Dealers, 
supporting its spread, supporting the general perception of the secondary market or for any other reason. The 
Issuer's acquisition of outstanding Covered Bonds may be done at different prices than that which might 
otherwise prevail.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
 
TAXATION  
This is a general description of Norwegian taxation relating to the Covered Bonds, and it does not purport to 
be a complete analysis of all tax considerations in this respect. Each investor should consult their own tax 
advisor to clarify their own situation as to the consequences under the tax laws of the country of which they 
are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of the Kingdom of Norway of acquiring, holding and disposing 
of the Covered Bonds and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Covered 
Bonds. The tax legislation of the investor's Member State and of the Issuer's country of incorporation may 
have an impact on the income received from the Covered Bonds. This summary is based upon the tax laws in 
the Kingdom of Norway effective as per the date of this Base Prospectus, and may be subject to change. The 
description below presumes that the Covered Bonds are considered and treated as multiple debt instruments 
(No. mengdegjeldsbrev) for Norwegian tax purposes. 
 
For residents in Norway for tax purposes 
Taxation of interest 
Interest paid to resident holder of Covered Bonds is subject to Norwegian income tax. The tax rate is currently 
22%, but for financial institutions liable to Norwegian finance tax, it is 25%. 
Covered Bonds issued above or below par will be taxed at the realisation of the Covered Bonds. 
Taxation of capital gains 
Capital gains or profits realised by residents in Norway for tax purposes on the sale, disposal or redemption of 
the Covered Bonds will be subject to Norwegian taxation. The tax rate is currently 22%, but for financial 
institutions liable to Norwegian finance tax it is 25%. 
Wealth tax 
The Covered Bonds are included in the wealth of an individual resident in Norway and other holders of 
Covered Bonds that are liable to wealth tax. The net wealth exceeding NOK 1,500 000 is taxed at maximum 
0.85%. Limited liability companies are not liable to wealth tax in Norway. 
For non-residents in Norway for tax purposes 
Taxation of interest 
Interest paid to non-resident holder of Covered Bonds, who have no connection with Norway other than the 
holding of such Covered Bonds, will under the present law not be subject to Norwegian income or withholding 
tax. The same applies for any payment of principal.  
With effect as of 1 July 2021 there is withholding tax on interest payments made from Norway to related2 
companies resident in low tax-jurisdictions. It is not likely that this is relevant for holders of Covered Bonds 
and there is no specific certification or documentation requirements for the recipients of interests.   
 
If the holding of the Covered Bonds is effectively connected with business carried out in Norway by the holder 
of the Covered Bonds, the holder may be subject to taxation in Norway. However, such tax liability may be 
limited in an applicable tax treaty. 
 
Taxation of capital gains 
Capital gains or profits realised on the sale, disposal or redemption of the Covered Bonds by non-resident 
holder of Covered Bonds, who have not connection with Norway other than holding of such Covered Bonds, 
will under the present law not be subject to any taxes or duties. 
 
 
2 Pursuant to the relevant legislation two companies are to be considered "related parties" when there is direct or 
indirect ownership or control of at least 50% between them at any time during the income year.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
 
If the holding of the Covered Bonds is effectively connected with business carried out in Norway by the holder 
of the Covered Bonds, the holder may be subject to taxation in Norway. However, such tax liability may be 
limited in an applicable tax treaty. 
Wealth tax 
A non-resident holder of Covered Bonds is not liable to wealth tax in Norway. 
 
If the holding of the Covered Bonds is effectively connected with business carried out in Norway by the holder 
of the Covered Bonds, an individual holder of the Covered Bonds may be subject to wealth taxation in Norway. 
However, such tax liability may be limited in an applicable tax treaty. 
Duties 
There is no Norwegian issue tax or stamp duty payable in the connection with the issues of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
Covered Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to a Dealer or Dealers as applicable. 
With the exception of the approval by the Norwegian FSA of this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus issued 
in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation and other than with respect to the admission of the Covered 
Bonds to listing, trading and/or quotation by the relevant listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation 
systems, no action has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or any Dealers that 
would permit a public offering of Covered Bonds, or possession or distribution of any offering material in 
relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose 
hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and any Dealers to comply 
with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, 
sell or deliver Covered Bonds or have in their possession, publish or distribute such offering material, in all 
cases at their own expense; 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 
and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Furthermore, the Covered Bonds may not be offered or in any country or jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Furthermore, this Base 
Prospectus or other offering material may not be distributed to or published in any country or jurisdiction, 
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.  
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified. Any such supplement or modification will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms or in a supplement to the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
 
SUMMARY OF NORWEGIAN LEGISLATION REGARDING COVERED BONDS AND 
INFORMATION RELATED THERETO 
The following is a brief summary of certain features of the Norwegian legislation concerning the issuance of 
covered bonds in Norway at the date of this Base Prospectus. The summary does not purport to be, and is not, 
a complete description of all aspects of the Norwegian legislative and regulatory framework for covered bonds. 
Please also refer to "Risk factors" above. 
Introduction 
The act on finance institutions and financial conglomerates (Lov om finansforetak og finanskonsern av 10. 
april 2015 nr. 17) (the "Financial Undertakings Act") was ratified by the King of Norway and published on 
10 April 2015, and it entered into force on 1 January 2016 replacing similar provisions from Act No. 40 of 10 
June 1988 on Financing Activity and Financial Institutions (the "Financial Institutions Act").  The Financial 
Undertakings Act consolidates previous legislation relevant for banks and credit institutions into one single 
Act. The provisions of the Financial Undertakings Act relating to covered bonds are not materially different 
from the equivalent provisions under the previous Financial Institutions Act, save for (i) the type of insolvency 
proceedings applicable to an Institution such as the Issuer (as further defined below) and (ii) the power given 
to the Ministry of Finance to pass regulations on Overcollateralisation. The specific changes introduced by the 
Financial Undertakings Act that are applicable to the Issuer and the Covered Bonds are described in the 
respective paragraphs below. 
 
The Financial Undertakings Act enables certain Norwegian mortgage credit institutions, whose articles of 
association comply with prescribed mandatory requirements, to issue covered bonds (No: Obligasjoner med 
fortrinnsrett). According to the Financial Undertakings Act credit mortgage institutions are credit institutions 
which are not banks (and whose activity consists in receiving repayable funds other than deposits from the 
general public and in making loans and guarantees for its own account).  Mortgage credit institutions (No: 
kredittforetak) must hold a license related to such activity of receiving repayable funds other than deposits 
from the general public and in making loans and guarantee for its own account, issued by the Ministry of 
Finance, fulfil the capital requirements and undertake organisational measures, among other things. The 
issuance of covered bonds is not subject to any further governmental approvals or license. However, the articles 
of association shall be approved by the Norwegian FSA. Furthermore, a mortgage credit institution shall notify 
the Norwegian FSA no later than 30 days prior to the initial issuance of covered bonds. The Issuer is a licensed 
mortgage credit institution and its articles of association have been approved by the Norwegian FSA. The 
Issuer did also notify the Norwegian FSA before its first issuance of covered bonds and may consequently 
issue covered bonds. A Norwegian mortgage credit institution (No: kredittforetak) that can issue covered bonds 
will hereinafter be referred to as an "Institution". 
Subject to the Covered Bond Legislation holders of covered bonds and counterparties to derivative contracts 
which meet further requirements in the Covered Bond Legislation ("Derivative Counterparties") shall have 
an exclusive, equal and proportional preferential claim over the cover pool assigned to them. According to 
Norwegian law an issuer of covered bonds must register the bonds in uncertificated and dematerialized 
electronic book-entry form by registration in accordance with section 3-1 of CSD Act in a Securities 
Depository approved or acknowledged under the CSDR if the bonds are issued in Norway.  
Registration 
The Institution shall maintain a register of the issued covered bonds, and of the cover assets assigned thereto, 
including derivative contracts which meet further requirements in the Covered Bond Legislation (the 
"Register"). If the Institution has more than one cover pool, it must maintain a separate Register relating to 
each cover pool and the Register must then identify the cover pool in respect of which a covered bondholder 
will hold a preferential claim. Where an Institution has made two or more issues of covered bonds which have 
a preferential claim over different cover pools, derivative agreements and substitute assets shall be held in a 
separate bank account or a separate securities account for each cover pool. The Issuer has only one cover pool 
which is used for the NOK Programme.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
 
Each Register must at all times contain detailed information on, amongst other things, the nominal value of 
the covered bonds, the relevant derivative contracts and the assets which constitute the cover pool. As a result, 
any Register requires regular updating, including without limitation due to changes in interest rates, interest 
periods, outstanding debt and the composition of the cover pool.  The value of the underlying collateral 
securing mortgage credits in the cover pool must also be entered into the Register. 
The registration is not in itself conclusive evidence of the cover pool pertaining to the covered bonds, but shall, 
according to the preparatory works to the Covered Bond Legislation, serve as strong evidence. 
Benefit of a preferential claim 
If an Institution which has issued covered bonds is liquidated under public administration, the holders of 
covered bonds and Derivative Counterparties agreements will have an exclusive, equal and proportional 
preferential claim over the cover pool according to the Covered Bond Legislation. Such preferential claim shall 
rank ahead of all other claims, save for claims relating to the fees and the expenses of a bankruptcy estate, 
which subject to Section § 6-4 of Act 2 of 8 February 1980 on Liens and Section 11-15 of the Financial 
Undertakings Act will have a first priority lien over all of the assets in the cover pool.  The bankruptcy estate's 
lien will, however, be limited to 700 times the standard Norwegian court fee in respect of the cover pool. 
Payment of expenses on operation, management, recovery and realization of the cover pool may also be 
demanded before the holders of covered bonds and Derivative Counterparties receive payment from the cover 
pool. 
By virtue of the aforementioned preferential claim, holders of covered bonds and Derivative Counterparties 
rank ahead of unsecured creditors and all other creditors of the Institution in respect of assets in the cover pool 
(save for the priority administrator-in-bankruptcy as regards fees and expenses).  The preferential claim shall 
also apply to funds which are subsequently remitted in accordance with terms of contract applying to assets 
included in the cover pool, provided that certain administrative procedures have been complied with. To the 
extent that holders of Covered Bonds are not fully paid from the proceeds of the liquidation of the assets in the 
Cover Pool, such Holders will be able to pursue their claims as unsecured creditors of the Issuer.  The holders 
of Covered Bonds will in such case be entitled to receive payment from the proceeds of the liquidation of other 
assets of the Issuer not comprising the Cover Pool (to the extent there are such assets). The holders of Covered 
Bonds would then rank pari passu with any other mortgage covered bondholders, derivative counterparties and 
the other unsecured, unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt holders of Green Covered Bonds will not have a preferential claim of any of the assets in the 
Cover Pool, they will have a claim against the entire Cover Pool in the same manner as holders of Covered Bonds. All 
Green Covered Bonds rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and rank pari passu with any other 
Covered Bonds. 
According to the Covered Bond Legislation assets included in the cover pool may not be pledged or be subject 
to execution, attachment or other enforcement procedure in favour of particular creditors of the Institution. 
Nor may a right of set-off, right of retention or the like be declared in the assets included in the cover pool. 
However, this rule does not prevent agreed set-offs of cash flows in the same currency and with the same due 
date from being completed between counterparties to derivative contracts included in the same cover pool. 
Eligibility criteria for assets in the cover pool 
The cover pool may only consist of certain assets, which include loans secured by various types of mortgages 
(the "Mortgages"), loans secured by other registered assets (realregistrerte formuesgoder), loans granted to or 
guaranteed by certain governmental bodies (the "Public Sector Loans"), receivables in the form of certain 
derivative contracts and so-called substitute assets. 
The Mortgages are defined as loans secured by mortgages over (i) residential property, a document proprietary 
lease of a housing unit (adkomstdokument) or on a certificate showing that the lessee owns a share in a housing 
cooperative (borettslagsandel) (together, the "Residential Mortgages") and (ii) loans secured on other real 
estate (the "Other Real Estate Mortgages").  
With effect from 1 January 2013 a clarification was made in the regulations to the Covered Bond Legislation. 
A new text was added stating that loans secured by mortgages over holiday houses shall be considered as Other

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
 
Real Estate Mortgages. The reason behind the amendment was that Norwegian Covered Bond Issuers 
interpreted the definition of Mortgages differently with respect to classification of loans secured on holiday 
houses.  
Loans secured by Mortgages and by other registered assets must be secured by assets located within the EEA 
or the OECD area.  Public Sector Loans must have been granted to or guaranteed by certain public bodies, 
which are located within the EEA or OECD and also meet additional requirements in the Covered Bond 
Legislation. 
Only particularly liquid and secure assets may be employed as substitute assets.  Substitute assets may 
constitute up to 20 per cent. of the cover pool at all times.  Where special conditions are present, the Norwegian 
FSA may authorise this proportion to constitute up to 30 per cent. for a limited period. The substitute assets 
must also meet certain risk category requirements in order to be included for the purpose of verifying the 
mortgage credit institution's compliance with the asset coverage requirement (described below). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's articles of association prescribe that the Issuer may only 
acquire and grant Residential Mortgages, loans secured on holiday houses and construction loans for residential 
and holiday houses secured by mortgages in real estate.  
Loan-to-value ratios and certain other restrictions 
Pursuant to the Covered Bond Legislation, when calculating the value of the cover pool assets consisting of 
loans secured by mortgages, the following LTV requirements apply to cover pool assets consisting of 
mortgages:  
• 
75 per cent. of prudent market value in the case of Residential Mortgages; and 
• 
60 per cent. of prudent market value in the case of Other Real Estate Mortgages. 
There is no restriction with respect to the proportion of the cover pool which may be represented by Residential 
Mortgages or Other Real Estate Mortgages. Furthermore, the proportion of substitute assets may not exceed 
20 per cent. of the cover pool, although the Norwegian FSA has the authority to raise this limit to 30 per cent. 
for a limited period in special circumstances. The proportion of assets in the cover pool represented by Public 
Sector Loans and certain derivative contracts may vary, depending on the risk category pertaining to the 
relevant assets.  
The Covered Bond Legislation contains additional provisions regarding quantitative and qualitative 
requirements for the assets in the cover pool. In order for loans secured by mortgages to be entered into the 
cover pool all legislative requirements must be met. Assets which do not conform to the risk classification, 
quantitative limits, LTV ratios or other requirements may nonetheless be included in the cover pool, but shall 
not be included for the purpose of verifying the mortgage credit institution's compliance with the asset coverage 
requirement (described below). Assets which exceed the quantitative requirements, such as the limit of 
exposure towards certain credit institutions, or LTVs, may be included in respect of that portion which meets 
the requirements.  The value of mortgages may be included up to the LTV ratios described above even if a 
subsequent value change indicates that the limits have been exceeded.  
 
The Norwegian Ministry of Finance has continued the regulations on the provision of mortgage credit. The 
regulations was adopted on 9 December 2020 and are applicable from 1 January 2021. The main provisions of 
the regulation are: (i) a requirement to document that all approved credits have undergone careful credit 
assessment, (ii) provisions on assessing the lender's repayment ability, (iii) a requirement that the approved 
credit should not exceed the lender's yearly gross income by five times, (iv) a firm limit of a maximum of 85 
per cent. LTV (for secondary residential properties in Oslo, the LTV shall not exceed 60 per cent) on all 
amortizing mortgage loans and 60 per cent on other credits secured by residential real property (for example, 
interest only loans), unless additional security in real property is furnished, (v) requiring banks to stress test all 
mortgage applicants' liquidity after mortgage servicing costs by adding 5 per cent. to the current market rates 
and decline the mortgage application if the applicant fails the stress test and (vi) requiring at least 2.5 per cent. 
annual amortization of mortgage loans which have an LTV of more than 60 per cent, in each case provided 
that the lender may, subject to conditions, deviate from any of those requirements in relations to 10 per cent.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
 
of value of approved mortgage loans (or 8 per cent. in relation to approved mortgage loans in respect of 
residential real property in Oslo) each quarter. The regulation is due to expire on 31 December 2024. 
 
Asset coverage requirement 
The value of the cover pool shall at all times exceed the aggregate value of the covered bonds that give the 
holders and Derivative Counterparties a preferential claim over that cover pool by 2 per cent. It should be 
noted, however, that as the Financial Undertakings Act (as described above) entered into force on 1 January 
2016, the Ministry of Finance is being authorised under the Financial Undertakings Act to pass regulations 
stipulating how much higher the value of the cover pool must be compared to the value of the covered bonds 
(taking into account the effects of derivative contracts) issued by the Issuer at such time. 
When assessing the value of the real estate furnished as collateral for the Mortgages, a prudent value shall be 
established for each individual asset.  Prudent market value may not exceed the market value resulting from a 
cautious assessment.  Valuations shall be conducted by a competent and independent person in accordance 
with recognised principles.  The valuation shall be documented and shall indicate who has conducted it, when 
it was conducted and the assumptions on which it was based.  Valuations of residential properties may never 
the less be based on general price levels provided this is deemed prudent based on market conditions. 
The Institution shall establish systems for subsequent monitoring of the value of the assets.  The Institution 
shall also monitor the development of the relevant market conditions. Should market conditions or factors 
pertaining to the individual asset indicate that significant value impairment has taken place; the Institution 
shall ensure that a new prudent value is established. 
With effect from 1 July 2015, the Ministry of Finance has amended the regulations regarding the valuations of 
holiday homes. According to these regulations, an institution may, if deemed prudent, base valuations of 
holiday homes on general price levels in a situation where market conditions or factors pertaining to the 
individual asset indicate that significant value impairment has taken place. 
Liquidity requirement 
According to the Covered Bond Legislation the Institution shall ensure that the payment flows from the cover 
pool at all times enables the Institution to honor its payment obligations towards holders of covered bonds and 
Derivative Counterparties. The Institution shall also establish a liquidity reserve to be included in the cover 
pool as substitute assets. 
Inspector 
The Norwegian FSA appoints an Inspector for an Institution before it issues covered bonds. The Inspector is 
responsible for monitoring the Register as defined in section 11-13 of the Financial Undertakings Act to assess 
whether or not it is being maintained correctly and is in compliance with the Covered Bond Legislation. The 
Inspector shall at least every third month perform limited procedures to assess whether the requirements of 
sections 11-11 (asset coverage requirement) and 11-13 (register requirement) of the Financial Undertakings 
Act are complied with. 
The Institution is required to provide the Inspector with all relevant information about its business.  
Furthermore, the Inspector must be granted full access to the Institution's register and may also request further 
information. The Inspector shall each year inform the Norwegian FSA of the observations and assessments 
arising from the inspections. The reporting to Norwegian FSA consists of certain defined control procedures. 
If the Inspector has reason to believe that the requirements of the Covered Bond Legislation are not met, based 
upon the procedures performed, he or she shall inform the Norwegian FSA accordingly. The reporting from 
the appointed Inspector to Norwegian FSA is not public information. 
The promissory note  
In Norway a borrower signs a promissory note when entering into a loan agreement with a financial institution. 
Chapter 3 of Act No. 46 of 25 June 1999 on Financial Contracts and Financial Assignments ("Financial 
Contracts Act") governs loan agreements. Financial institutions in Norway use a standard promissory note, 
which is prepared by the bank associations and the Norwegian consumer authorities. The promissory note 
contains details concerning the specific loan, such as the sum and the interest, together with the general terms

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
 
of the loan. Deviations from or supplements to the promissory note are normally agreed in a separate loan offer 
signed by the borrower.  
A loan agreement can be transferred to another financial institution without the prior approval of the borrower. 
The creditor must however, typically, notify the borrower of the transfer. Even though the mortgage agreement 
is transferrable, the borrower may apply the same objections and counter-claims against the acquirer on the 
basis of the mortgage agreement as against the original creditor, unless otherwise provided by law. However, 
if a mortgage is transferred to a mortgage credit institution and included in the cover pool, the borrower cannot 
use such claims to set-off his or hers obligations relating to the loan. 
The mortgage deed  
In Norway, a borrower may provide security over a real estate property or over a participation part (No: 
borettslagsandel) in housing cooperatives (No: borettslag) by signing a mortgage deed. The mortgage deed 
states the registration number of the real estate or the participation part in the housing cooperative, the creditor 
and the nominal amount the mortgage deed. A mortgage deed must be signed or countersigned by the person 
holding title to the property. Normally, the mortgage deed itself has no reference to the actual loan agreement. 
The mortgage lender enters into an individual mortgage agreement stating the specific obligations that are 
secured by the mortgage.  
The mortgage deed is registered in the Norwegian Land Register (No: Grunnboken) by a central registry 
authority (No: Statens kartverk) according to the rules of Act No. 2 of 7 June 1935 on Judicial Registration 
(No: Tinglysingsloven). The mortgage acquires legal protection through registration in the Norwegian Land 
Register and the mortgage ranks with other mortgages and encumbrances based on the date of such registration. 
With regard to mortgage deeds over Participation Parts in housing cooperatives, there are also certain specific 
rules regarding registration and legal protection in Chapter 6 of Act No. 39 of 6 June 2003 on Housing 
Cooperatives (No: Borettslagsloven).  
The identity of the mortgagee is also registered in the Norwegian Land Register. Any transfer of a claim 
secured by a mortgage deed to a new mortgagee must be notified to the debtor. Transfers after 18 April 2017 
of electronically submitted mortgage deeds must also be registered in the Norwegian Land Register. When 
such notice has been received by the debtor and, in respect of electronically submitted mortgage deeds which 
have been transferred after 18 April 2017, the transfer has been registered in the Norwegian Land Register, the 
acquirer has legal protection against the creditors of the transferring mortgagee.  
The nominal amount specified in the mortgage deed represents the maximum amount that can be recovered 
under the mortgage. In addition, expenses and interest are encompassed by the mortgage within the terms of 
section 1-5 of Act No. 2 of 8 February 1980 on Mortgages (No: Panteloven) (the "Mortgage Act").   
Enforcement procedures 
The Norwegian Enforcement Authorities (No: Namsmyndighetene) are responsible for enforcing claims 
against debtors according to Act No. 86 of 26 June 1992 on enforcement (No: Tvangsfullbyrdelsesloven). In 
order to start the enforcement of a claim, a creditor must generally obtain a judgment or have a specific ground 
for enforcement (No: særlig tvangsgrunnlag).  
The promissory note constitutes a specific ground for enforcement, as the borrower has stated in the note that 
the loan can be recovered without filing a civil lawsuit. On the basis of the promissory note, the creditor can 
obtain an execution mortgage (No: utleggspant) against assets belonging to the debtor. The registered mortgage 
is in itself a specific ground for enforcement of the property. Before filing a petition based on a specific ground 
for enforcement, the creditor must give the debtor 14 days' written notice.  
The mortgagee can either apply for an enforced sale (No: tvangssalg) or for an enforced use (No: Tvangsbruk) 
of the property. A petition for enforcement of a property must be filed with the District Court (No: Tingretten) 
in the district where the property is registered. As an alternative to enforcement, the debtor may agree to a 
voluntary sale of the property with the mortgagee.    
Enforced use of a property means that an administrator is appointed for operating the property for a limited 
time period. The proceeds from the property, such as income from rent, which exceeds the operating costs, are

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
 
divided between the mortgagees based upon the priority of their mortgage. A mortgagee cannot, however, 
claim enforced use over participation parts in housing cooperatives.  Enforced use is generally seldom applied 
for.  
In case of an enforced sale, the District Court may choose either to sell the property using an assistant (No: 
medhjelpersalg), normally a real estate agent or an attorney, or to organise an auction held by the Enforcement 
Authorities. An enforced sale can only be carried out if all encumbrances that rank higher in priority than the 
mortgage being enforced are covered.  
Where an enforced sale is carried out by an assistant, the assistant shall notify the parties and other rights 
holders to the property of the enforced sale with information about the plaintiff and the claim. The assistant 
shall prepare the sale and gather such information that is common when selling properties through a real estate 
agent. Furthermore, the assistant shall prepare a property description, advertise and hold viewings for potential 
buyers. Typically, bids on the property can only be taken into account if they are binding for minimum six 
weeks. When the assistant has received one or more bids that he or she finds acceptable, the assistant submits 
the bid to the plaintiff asking if the plaintiff wants to request any of them confirmed. The District Court 
considers the request from the plaintiff and decides whether the bid shall be confirmed. A bid shall be refused 
if, among other things, it is probable that new sale efforts will lead to a higher price.   
Enforced sale through an auction is less common than enforced sale through an assistant. The auction is held 
either by the Enforcement Officer (No: namsmannen) or the District Court. The parties and other rights holders 
to the property shall be given a 14 day written notice of the time and place of the auction. The bidders 
participate in a public auction where the bids are binding for six weeks after the auction date. The administrator 
of the auction shall invite the parties, the rights holders and the bidders to comment on the bids that have been 
received. The rules regarding the confirmation of bids are principally the same as for an enforced sale through 
an assistant.  
After a bid is confirmed, the District Court decides by a court order how the proceeds shall be divided. The 
court fee and the costs of the assistant are covered first and then the mortgages are covered according to their 
priority. The mortgages with interest and costs are calculated based on the size of the claims on the agreed 
settlement date.  
Bankruptcy proceedings 
Bankruptcy proceedings may be initiated in Norway by application to the Probate and Bankruptcy Court by 
the debtor or a creditor. For bankruptcy proceedings to be opened the debtor must be insolvent, cf. section 60 
of Act No. 58 of 8 June 1984 on Bankruptcy (No: Konkursloven).  
Following the entry into force of the Financial Undertakings Act on 1 January 2016, and subsequently the 
implementation of BRRD into Norwegian law by incorporation of a new chapter 20 in the Financial 
Undertakings Act, which came into force on the 1 January 2019, an institution such as the Issuer, is no longer 
placed under ordinary bankruptcy proceedings or debt settlement proceedings, but may be liquidated under 
public administration (as further described below). 
 
In bankruptcy proceedings all the debtor's assets that are accessible by the creditors are seized and are sold. 
The debtor is deprived of the right to dispose over these assets. The proceedings are led by a trustee of the 
bankruptcy estate (No: bobestyrer), usually a lawyer.  
Chapter 9 of Act No. 59 of 8 June 1984 on Creditor Recovery (No: Dekningsloven) contains rules on how the 
funds of the bankruptcy estate shall be distributed to the creditors. "Preferential claims" must be met in full 
before the remaining funds are divided between the creditors. Preferential claims consist, amongst other things, 
of claims arising after the opening of the bankruptcy proceedings, the costs of the Probate and Bankruptcy 
Court and the trustee's fee. After the preferential claims have been covered, other preferred claims, such as 
wages and taxes, shall be met. The remainder of the estate's funds must then be divided on an equal ranking 
basis between the unsecured creditors. The special rules concerning priority of claims in the event of public 
administration of a mortgage credit institution are described in the chapters "The Covered Bond Legislation" 
and "Risk factors".

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
 
If a creditor has a valid mortgage for his claim, the creditor will in theory not be affected by the bankruptcy. 
However, mortgage holders are advised to submit their claim against the estate. In a situation where the 
mortgagee's claim lies within the value of the collateral, the mortgagee may receive full coverage of the entire 
claim. If the value of the collateral is lower than the mortgagee's claim, the mortgagee may submit the claim 
as a dividend claim.  
Under section 1-9 letter c) of the Mortgage Act, the mortgagee's claim will come due for payment if bankruptcy 
proceedings are initiated against the debtor. If the debtor does not pay the claim, the mortgagee may apply for 
an enforcement of the collateral. However, enforcement procedures cannot be carried out for six months 
following the opening of the bankruptcy proceedings, unless the bankruptcy trustee gives his consent. The 
trustee may also prevent an enforced sale by paying off the mortgagee who applied for the sale. Furthermore, 
the bankruptcy trustee may sell a mortgaged asset even if the mortgagee does not receive full coverage. Such 
a sale may be performed if a sale of the mortgaged asset together with other non-mortgaged assets is expected 
to give a higher sale price, or if the sale forms part of a transfer of all or parts of the business of the debtor.  
If the mortgaged asset has no financial interest for the bankruptcy estate, the bankruptcy trustee may abandon 
the mortgaged asset to the debtor. The bankruptcy seizure will then be reversed and the collateral will revert 
to the debtor. In this situation the mortgagee can apply for an enforced sale of the collateral or agree with the 
debtor to sell the asset voluntarily. The trustee may also transfer assets with no financial interest for the estate 
to the mortgagee. However, the mortgagee must agree to such a transfer.  
Generally, the bankruptcy trustee may require the enforced sale of mortgaged assets at any time during the 
bankruptcy proceedings. If an enforced sale does not result in a surplus for the estate or the mortgagees for 
various reasons are not eligible for a dividend, the affected mortgagees must agree to such a sale.   
Administration of the cover pool in the event of liquidation under public administration of the Issuer 
Following the entry into force of the Financial Undertakings Act on 1 January 2016, and subsequently the 
implementation of BRRD into Norwegian law by incorporation of a new chapter 20 in the Financial 
Undertakings Act, which came into force on the 1 January 2019, an institution, such as the Issuer, may not be 
subject to ordinary bankruptcy proceedings or debt settlement proceedings. Pursuant to chapter 20 of the 
Financial Undertakings Act a mortgage credit institution experiencing financial difficulties may become 
subject to recovery and resolution measures, including liquidation under public administration in the same 
manner as Norwegian banks. If so t board of administration will, subject to applicable rules, liquidate the 
institution and as a general rule distribute its assets to the creditors in accordance with ordinary bankruptcy 
rules. This change will not affect the preferential claim which the holders of covered bonds have over the cover 
pool. 
 
Public administration of an institution shall not in itself be sufficient cause for termination or similar remedy 
by holders of covered bonds and Derivative Counterparties. 
In the event of public administration of the institution, holders of covered bonds and Derivative Counterparties 
shall be entitled to timely payment from assets encompassed by their preferential claim for the duration of the 
administration proceedings. This is, however, provided that the cover pool is essentially in compliance with 
the statutory requirements and subject to certain mandatory stays.  The crisis resolution authority, shall, to the 
extent possible, ensure that holders of covered bonds and Derivative Counterparties receive timely payment.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
 
Recent Regulatory Developments 
The Capital Requirement Directive IV (CRD IV) and Capital Requirement Regulation (CRR) entered into 
force on 1 January 2014 followed by the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD) on 15 May 2014. 
The CRR became applicable in all EU countries from 1 January 2014 while the CRD IV and BRRD were 
implemented through national law within all EU member states from 2014. From 31 December 2019 the 
CRR and CRD IV were finally implemented in Norway. In June 2019, the ‘banking package’ containing 
revisions to the BRRD, the CRD and the CRR was adopted. The revised CRD (CRD V) and BRRD (BRRD 
II) are applicable from 28 December 2020, while the majority of the changes in CRR (CRR II) are to be 
applied from 28 June 2021.  In June 2021 the Norwegian Parliament passed legislation which implements 
CRD V, BRRD II, CRR II and regulation (EU) 2020/873 into Norwegian law. The legislation has not yet 
entered into force.   
 
The new European Covered Bond Directive and Regulation have been finalised. The rules include a 
harmonised EU framework for covered bonds, including common definitions, supervision and the rules for 
allowing the use of ‘European Covered Bonds’ label. Finally, it will include amendment to CRR regarding the 
conditions to be granted preferential capital treatment. The Directive entered into force on 8 January 2020, the 
national transposition period will last until 8 July 2021 and national measures shall be applied starting at the 
latest from 8 July 2022. The Regulation will apply only from 8 July 2022, in parallel with the deadline for the 
national measures of the Directive. A consultation on the Norwegian implementation of the EU-framework on 
covered bonds ended on 17 August 2020. The Ministry of Finance has communicated that the intention is to 
implement a harmonised framework that will enter into force in line with the EU. 
 
The Norwegian Ministry of Finance passes regulation with respect to mortgage lending practices, the latest 
entered into force 1 January 2021. The regulation is temporary and valid until 31 December 2024. The 
Norwegian FSA shall advice the Ministry of Finance of the need for any amendments to the regulation prior 
to 30 September 2022.  See the section headed "The Covered Bond Legislation – Loan to value ratios and 
certain other restrictions" for further details.  
On the 16 September 2021 the Norwegian FSA passed a new regulation on notification of outsourcing. 
Covered bond companies was previously exempt from the duty to notify. This exemption is not upheld and 
covered bond companies are subject to a duty to notify the Norwegian FSA of any outsourcing which is critical 
or important for the company. The regulation also contains an obligation to have an outline over all the 
company’s outsourcing agreements. The regulation comes into effect from 1 January 2022. 
Non-compliance with rules relating to matching of assets and liabilities 
Since the Financial Undertakings Act entered into force on 1 January 2016, the Ministry of Finance has been 
authorised to pass regulations stipulating how much higher the value of the cover pool must be compared to 
the value of the Covered Bonds (taking into account the effects of derivative contracts) issued by the Issuer at 
such time. The Ministry of Finance passed additional regulations, which entered into force on 29 March 2017, 
requiring the value of the assets in a pool to exceed the value on the claims on such cover pool by 2 per cent 
at all times ("Overcollateralisation"). However, the assets in the Cover Pool may still not be sufficient to ensure 
that the Issuer will have sufficient cash flow to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds, or that such 
collateral will have the intended effect. The Issuer enters into derivative agreements to comply with the 
matching requirements of the Covered Bond Legislation and is therefore dependent on the availability of 
derivative counterparties with a sufficient rating and the performance of such counterparties of their obligations 
under the derivative contracts.  Failure to maintain sufficient assets in the Cover Pool could result in the Issuer 
being unable to issue further Covered Bonds to refinance existing Covered Bonds.  
The Ministry of Finance may at any time amend the regulations described above, and it is not possible to assess 
whether there will be any impact on the Issuer and/or the Holders. Consequently, there can be no assurances 
that the price or value of the investment in Covered Bonds and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under the Covered Bonds will not be affected by any such regulations that may be passed by the 
Ministry of Finance.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
 
NORDEA EIENDOMSKREDITT AS 
Overview 
The Issuer is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nordea Bank Abp. The Issuer is a limited company incorporated 
on 12 May 1992 under the laws of the Kingdom of Norway and registered in the Norwegian Register of 
Business Enterprises (No: Foretaksregisteret) with registration number 971 227 222. The Issuer's legal and 
commercial name is Nordea Eiendomskreditt AS. The Issuer's registered address is Essendropsgate 7, 0368 
Oslo, Norway and its telephone number is +47 22 48 50 00. The Issuer is subject to the Act no. 44 of 13 June 
1997 on Limited Liability Companies (No: Aksjeloven) and the Act no. 17 of 10 April 2015 on Financial 
Undertakings (No: Finansforetaksloven). The Issuer is a licensed mortgage credit institution and its articles of 
association have been approved by the Norwegian FSA. 
The Issuer's website is available at www.nordea.com. The Issuer's website does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus unless the information is incorporated by reference to the Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer has no subsidiaries of its own, nor does it have any shares in other Nordea Group companies. The 
Issuer conducts its activities in close cooperation with Nordea Bank Norway and its sales offices and branches 
in Norway. Among other things, Nordea Bank Norway handles the credit processes and decisions regarding 
the mortgage loans, the management of the loans and certain accounting and reporting tasks for the Issuer. 
Nordea Bank Abp is also responsible for handling the Issuer's funding and risk control. Due to a re 
organisation, from the end of 2016 the Issuer has had product responsibility for Norwegian mortgage loans 
and, as a result, the number of employees has increased from two to eighteen. The business is still conducted 
in close cooperation with Nordea Bank Norway. The Issuer is consequently dependent upon Nordea Bank 
Norway to run its operations. 
The Issuer operates solely as a mortgage credit institution. The objective of the Issuer is to grant and acquire 
residential mortgage loans, loans secured on holiday homes and secured construction loans for residential 
properties and holiday homes, and finance its activities mainly through issuance of covered bonds. The 
residential mortgage market in Norway is the principal market that the Issuer competes in. 
During the second quarter of 2019 the company changed its business model from purchasing loans from the 
parent bank, to issue mortgage loans directly from its own balance sheet. At implementation of this new 
business model, a loan portfolio of NOK 128bn was purchased from the bank, which more than doubled 
Nordea Eiendomskreditt's loan volume. The change of business model was a result of changes to Norwegian 
law and regulation in respect of land registration, to introduce e-registration, and as a result of changes to IFRS 
9 in relation to the classification of Nordea Bank's loan portfolio. This change in business model required 
approval from the Norwegian Ministry of Finance, which was given in September 2018. 
The Issuer has in the end of 2018 entered into a new servicing agreement with Nordea Bank Norway. In the 
new servicing agreement Nordea Bank Norway has undertaken, from the date when the new business model 
came into effect, to extend the services already performed for the Issuer. Such extended services include 
performing sale and marketing services, credit evaluation and credit decisions, KYC and AML-functions, 
entering into loan agreements, obtaining executed and perfected mortgages and disbursements of loans in 
respect of the relevant mortgage loans. 
Covered Bond issuances 
The covered bonds issued by the Issuer under this Programme or any of its other covered bond programmes 
that it may have from time to time will be unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among 
themselves and with all other obligations of the Issuer that have the same priority as debt instruments issued 
pursuant to the Covered Bond Legislation.  
All covered bonds issued by the Issuer (which rank pari passu with the Issuer's relevant derivative contracts) 
have, and will have, the benefit of a statutory preference under the Covered Bond Legislation on the Cover 
Pool maintained by the Issuer. The Issuer maintains only one Cover Pool in respect of the covered bonds issued 
under the covered bond programmes that it has or that it may have from time to time and any relevant derivative 
contracts, and the holders of Covered Bonds will share the benefit of the Cover Pool with all other holders of 
Covered Bonds and relevant derivative counterparties.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
 
Composition of assets in the Cover Pool 
The Financial Undertakings Act sets out the requirements for the assets that may form part of the cover pool 
(see "The Covered Bond Legislation—Eligibility criteria for assets in the cover pool and —Loan to value ratios 
and certain other restrictions"). The Issuer's Cover Pool consists primarily of Residential Mortgages, which 
are currently loans secured (i) on residential property (No: selveide boliger) and (ii) on a certificate showing 
that the lessee owns a share in a housing cooperative that owns the housing structure of which the unit forms 
part (No: borettslagsandel), referred to herein as Participation Parts. In the case of (ii), the loan is granted to 
the borrower living in the housing cooperative and the loans are secured on the borrower's part in the housing 
cooperative. For the avoidance of doubt, these do not include loans to the actual housing cooperative that owns 
the housing structure (No: fellesgjeld i borettslag).  
In addition, the Cover Pool consists of a small share of loans secured by mortgages over holiday houses, which 
according to the Covered Bond Legislation are considered as Other Real Estate Mortgages. The Issuer may 
also include mortgages over a document proprietary lease of a housing unit (No: Adkomstdokument) to be 
included in the Cover Pool.  
The articles of association of the Issuer was amended on the 14 December 2018 to also permit the Issuer to 
acquire and/or issue construction loans for residential and holiday homes secured by mortgages in real estate. 
The amendment was approved by the Norwegian FSA on the 22nd of January 2019.   
All properties that constitute security for the mortgages in the Cover Pool are located in Norway. The vast 
majority of these are residential properties (mainly privately owned detached and semi-detached dwellings and 
condominiums) followed by loans secured on Participation Parts (consisting mainly of apartments) and much 
smaller number of loans secured on holiday homes.   
The amount of derivative contracts in the Cover Pool fluctuates with market conditions and hedging needs. 
Valuation of assets in the Cover Pool 
The Covered Bond Legislation prescribes that the prudent market value (as determined in accordance with the 
Covered Bond Legislation) of the Cover Pool shall not at any time be less than 102% of the value of all Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme and any other mortgage covered bonds of the Issuer outstanding at such 
time. The value of the covered bonds shall be determined as the sum of the discounted value of nominal and 
discounted coupon payments. 
In order to fulfil the asset coverage requirement and, where and when applicable, any other requirement from 
rating agencies with regard to Overcollateralisation, the value of the Cover Pool is calculated both in nominal 
terms and in net present value terms. The calculation is also analysed under different interest rate scenarios in 
order to monitor the interest rate risk sensitivity of the Cover Pool and ensure that the value of the Cover Pool 
remains at the correct level under each scenario. References in this Base Prospectus to the "value of the Cover 
Pool" are to those mortgages included in the Cover Pool that are taken into account (fully or partially) for the 
purposes of the calculation of the asset coverage requirement under the Covered Bond Legislation. 
Treasury services and risk control 
The Issuer has also entered into an agreement with Nordea Bank regarding treasury services. Pursuant to this 
agreement, Nordea Bank shall, on behalf of the Issuer, amongst other things, arrange financing for the 
mortgage loans, manage the daily liquidity, enter into derivative transactions to hedge financial risk and 
arrange for the composition and size of the Cover Pool to comply with regulatory and internal requirements. 
According to this agreement Nordea Bank shall also handle the Issuer's risk control, including daily calculation 
and reporting of market and liquidity risk, as well as the Issuer's business continuity planning. 
Derivative contracts 
The Issuer will enter into derivative arrangements with Nordea Bank Norway and/or Nordea Bank and 
potentially other parties (as authorised by the Covered Bond Legislation) for the purpose of controlling interest 
rate risks, liquidity risks and currency risks in relation to the Issuer's funding and lending operations.   
Funding of the Issuer's business 
The issuance of covered bonds is the Issuer's primary source of funding. In addition, the Issuer has received 
its funding through borrowing from Nordea Bank Norway.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
 
The nominal value of outstanding covered bonds issued by the Issuer as at 31 December 2020 amounted to 
NOK 141 794 million. 
Board of directors 
The board of directors of the Issuer consists of six members elected at the Annual General Meeting of the 
Issuer on 1 February 2021. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the board of directors are: 
Marte Kopperstad (Chair) 
Head of Products and Business Development, Nordea 
Gro Elisabeth Lundevik (Vice 
chair) 
Faculty Head, School of Business and Law at University of 
Agder  
Ola Littorin 
Head of Long Term Funding, Nordea 
Alex Madsen 
Accountant, Partner Sjølyst Regnskap ANS 
Pål Ekberg  
Head of advisory and sales in Personal Banking, Nordea 
Norway  
Anne Sofie Pedersen Knoph 
Senior Business Developer, Nordea Eiendomskreditt AS 
(employee representative) 
The address of the members of the board and management (see below) is the registered address of the Issuer. 
Management 
Børre Sten Gundersen is the managing director (No: daglig leder) of the Issuer. 
Auditors and Inspector 
From 5 March 2015, PricewaterhouseCoopers AS ("PwC AS"), with address Dronning Eufemias gate 8 
0191 Oslo, has been the independent auditor for the Issuer. PwC AS is a member of the Norwegian Institute 
of Public Accountants. KPMG AS acted as auditor for the Issuer until 5 March 2015. KPMG AS is a 
member of the Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants. 
On 13 February 2009 the Norwegian FSA appointed KPMG AS as Inspector to the Issuer pursuant to Section 
11-14 of the Financial Undertakings Act. 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies; conflicts of interest 
According to Norwegian law, three out of four members of the Issuer's board of directors may be appointed 
from the Nordea Group. Nordea employs four of the six current members of the Issuer's board of directors, 
including the chair of the Issuer's board of directors. Although Nordea Bank owns all the shares of the Issuer, 
the Issuer's primary business is to issue covered bonds on behalf of the Nordea Group, and therefore the Issuer 
does not believe that conflicts of interest will arise. 
 
Furthermore, the Issuer is not aware of any conflicts of interest between any duties to the Issuer of the members 
of the board of directors or the managing director and their private interests and/or other duties.  
In order to avoid conflicts of interest and clarify how individuals are expected to act if conflicts of interest 
arise, the Issuer must observe a number of guidelines set out by the Nordea Group, including ethical guidelines, 
guidelines for employees' secondary jobs and guidelines for employees' private security and foreign currency 
transactions. 
Articles of Association  
The articles of association of the Issuer were last amended on 12 March 2020. Pursuant to section 2 of the 
Issuer's articles of association, the purpose of the Issuer is to provide and acquire residential mortgages, 
mortgages with security in vacation properties and loans provided in connection with construction of 
residential or vacation properties, and to finance the lending activity primarily by issuance of bonds with 
preference rights.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
 
Dividends 
The Issuer's annual shareholder general meeting has approved, and the Issuer has paid, the following dividends 
in the last nine years based on the results for the preceding financial year:  
2020: total dividend payment of NOK 484,900,000 
2019: total dividend payment of NOK 358,260,000* 
2018: total dividend payment of NOK 440,500,000 
2017: total dividend payment of NOK 0 
2016: total dividend payment of NOK 1,078,000,000** 
2015: total dividend payment of NOK 0* 
2014: total dividend payment of NOK 0* 
2013: total dividend payment of NOK 0* 
2012: total dividend payment of NOK 0 
* = Approved at an extraordinary general meeting at 20 December 2019. 
** = For the financial years ending 31 December 2013 and 2014, the Issuer paid capital contributions to Nordea 
Bank Norge ASA with taxable effect and received capital contributions from Nordea Bank Norge ASA without 
taxable effect. These capital contributions did not affect the Issuer's equity. For the financial year ending 31 
December 2015, the Issuer paid capital contributions to Nordea Bank Norge ASA partially with and partially 
without taxable effect but did not receive any capital contributions from Nordea Bank Norge ASA. These 
capital contributions improved Nordea Bank Norge ASA's equity and reduced the Issuer's equity by NOK 
1,078 million, which is almost the entire profit of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2015. 
Share and shareholder information 
The Issuer's share capital as at 31 December 2020 was NOK 1 717 662 thousand, made up of 15,336,269 
ordinary shares, each of nominal value NOK 112. The entire issued share capital is owned by Nordea Bank 
Abp. The most recent share capital increase was executed at 7 March 2019 to facilitate the increased balance 
sheet size due to the new business model described under the heading Overview.   
Corporate governance 
The Issuer is not listed on the Oslo Børs and accordingly is not directly subject to the corporate governance 
regime promulgated by the Norwegian Code of Practice for Corporate Governance. 
Recent developments 
In July 2018, Nordea Bank Abp signed an agreement to acquire Gjensidige Bank ASA. The acquisition was 
approved by the Norwegian Competition Authority in the autumn of 2018 and by the Norwegian Financial 
Supervisory Authority in February 2019 and was completed on 1 March 2019. On 27 February 2020, 
Gjensidige Bank ASA changed its name to Nordea Direct Bank ASA. Nordea Direct Boligkreditt AS and 
Nordea Bank Abp are reassessing the manner in which Nordea Direct Boligkreditt AS will be integrated into 
the Nordea Group and its covered bonds transferred to the Issuer. The target completion date for the merger 
between Nordea Boligskreditt AS and the Issuer is set to 1 November 2022.The process and the merger is 
subject to regulatory approval. 
 
The purpose of the integration is to simplify the legal structure of the banking group in which Nordea Bank 
Abp is the parent company in order to strengthen corporate governance, decrease administrative complexity 
and enhance efficiency.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
 
THE HOUSING MORTGAGE MARKET IN NORWAY 
The residential mortgage market 
In Norway the main suppliers of housing loans are mortgage companies and banks. Many of the mortgage 
companies are owned by private banks, which are originators and/or servicers of the mortgage company's 
loans.  
A typical residential mortgage loan in Norway has a variable interest rate. The variable interest rate is not 
directly linked to a quoted market rate, but set individually by each bank based in general on an evaluation of 
(i) the bank's funding costs, (ii) the competitive position, (iii) the bank's financial situation, (iv) the bank's 
relationship with the customer and (v) LTV. Changes to the rates on residential mortgage loans have 
traditionally followed changes in the key policy rate from the central bank (Norges Bank), which has 
influenced the market rate. However, in the 7 to 8 years prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, the market 
rate has changed more independently of the key policy rate and banks have also changed interest rates without 
following the key policy rate. 
Before a lender can increase the rate towards its consumer customers, the lender must, according to Norwegian 
law, send a notification in writing no later than 6 weeks before the new rate is implemented.  Some banks offer 
housing loans with interest rate caps, but as at the date of this Base Prospectus the volume of such loans is 
insignificant. 
Since the development of home equity credit lines (No: rammelån/boligkreditt) in 2004, most of the banks in 
Norway have also offered these types of housing loans. As of the date of this Base Prospectus the lending limit 
for new home equity credit lines shall not exceed 60 per cent. of the market value of the residential property, 
in accordance with the regulations of residential mortgage imposed by the Norwegian Ministry of Finance. 
Home equity credit lines enable the borrower to draw on a credit within a specified loan limit. The amount 
available for the customer's disposal is the difference between the size of the credit line and the drawn amount. 
The home equity credit lines are regularly used for purchase of the property, refinancing and other purposes, 
such as house renovation. 
Regulations for prudent financing of residential properties 
On 15 June 2015, the Norwegian Ministry of Finance adopted mortgage regulations for mortgages with 
collateral in residential real estate. The regulations restrict mortgage companies and bank's discretion in their 
credit assessments and has been updated and continued 4 times. On 9 December 2020 the Norwegian Ministry 
of Finance adopted new regulations combining mortgage and non-collateralized lending into one 
regulation.  The previous regulation on mortgage credit is continued in the new lending regulation. The 
regulation is due to expire on 31 December 2024, but with an evaluation autumn 2022. For mortgages the 
regulation is based on the guidelines for prudent financing of residential properties and includes, inter alia, the 
following requirements: 
 
• 
The interest rate used for stress-testing a borrower's payment ability shall be 5 per cent. 
 
• 
The LTV shall not exceed 85 per cent. For secondary residential properties in Oslo, the LTV shall 
not exceed 60 per cent. A higher LTV is only permitted if the borrower can provide additional 
collateral in the form of collateral in another property, security or guarantee. 
 
• 
If Home Equity Credit Line, the LTV should not exceed 60 per cent. 
 
• 
Mandatory amortisation of 2,5 per cent. each year for loans with a LTV exceeding 60 per cent.  
 
• 
Debt to income is limited to 5 
 
• 
10% (8% for the municipality of Oslo) of paid out loans in a quarter can violate one or several of the 
above mentioned requirements.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
 
Regulation of the Norwegian residential mortgage market 
Pursuant to the Financial Undertakings Act, any entity conducting financial activities in Norway, such as the 
granting of loans secured by residential mortgages, must be authorised by the Norwegian authorities and is 
subject to regulatory requirements in its capacity as a financial institution pursuant to CRD IV. 
 
Mortgage companies, such as the Issuer, must have their registered office and head office in Norway and are 
subject to capital adequacy requirements set out in the Financial Undertakings Act and regulations issued 
thereunder, in particular, the Financial Institutions Regulation as well as the national CRR-CRD IV 
Regulation.in addition to other requirements, in particular extensive reporting requirements. Capital adequacy 
requirements entail, among other things, that the mortgage company must, at all times, maintain a satisfactory 
capital ratio based on the credit risk, market risk and the operational risk relating to the company. Its articles 
of associations must be approved by such Norwegian authorities and may not be amended without approval 
from the authorities.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
The following information, which has previously been published and has been submitted to and filed with the 
Oslo Børs, shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of this document: 
1) the auditors' reports and audited financial statements and related notes of the Issuer in respect of the 
years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, including the information set out at the 
following pages of the Issuer's Annual report for 2020 and 2019:  
 
 
2020 
2019 
Income Statement 
Page 17 
Page 17 
Balance Sheet 
Page 18 
Page 19 
Cash Flow Statement 
Page 20 
Page 21 
Accounting 
principles 
and 
explanatory notes 
Page 21-63 
Pages 22-64 
Auditor's report 
Page 64 
Page 65 
2) the unaudited financial statements and related notes of the Issuer in respect of the half year ending 30 
June 2021 including the information set out at the following pages of the Issuer's second quarter Report 
2021: the unaudited income statement on page 6, the unaudited balance sheet on page 7 and the 
unaudited cash flow statement on page 9. 
 
3) the terms and conditions set out on pages 26 to 37 of the base prospectus dated 13 June 2013 relating 
to the Programme and available at https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-39902/2013-06-13_Nordea-
Eiendomskreditt-Grundprospekt-130613_EN.pdf/, under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds"; 
4) the terms and conditions set out on pages 25 to 35 of the base prospectus dated 18 June 2014 relating 
to the Programme and available at https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-39903/2014-06-18_Nordea-
Eiendomskreditt-Grundprospekt-140618_EN.pdf, under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds";  
5) the terms and conditions set out on pages 27 to 37 of the base prospectus dated 23 June 2015 relating 
to the Programme and available at  at https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-67933/2015-06-
23_Nordea-Eiendomskreditt-Base-prospectus-150623_EN.pdf,/, under the heading "Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds"; 
6) the terms and conditions set out on pages 28 to 38 of the base prospectus dated 8 July 2016 relating to 
the Programme and available at https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-124055/2016-07-08_Nordea-
Eiendomskreditt-Base-Prospectus-160708_EN.pdf, under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds"; 
7) the terms and conditions set out on pages 30 to 40 of the base prospectus dated 9 October 2017 relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-
224908/Nordea%20Eiendomskreditt%20Base%20Prospectus%20171009.pdf, under the heading 
"Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds"; and 
8) the terms and conditions set out on pages 35 to 47 of the base prospectus dated 14 February 2019 
relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-
303313/Nordea%20Eiendomskreditt%20Base%20Prospectus%20190214.pdf, under the heading 
"Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds".

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
 
9) the terms and conditions set out on pages 28 to 40 of the base prospectus dated 2 April 2020 relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-
303313/Nordea%20Eiendomskreditt%20Base%20Prospectus%20190214.pdf, under the heading 
"Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds". 
10) the terms and conditions set out on pages 25 to 37 of the base prospectus dated 31 March 2021 relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
and 
available 
at 
https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-
303313/Nordea%20Eiendomskreditt%20Base%20Prospectus%20190214.pdf, under the heading 
"Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds". 
 
The audited annual financial statements for 2020 and 2019 have been prepared in accordance with Act No. 56 
of 17 July 1998 on Accounting, appurtenant regulations regarding annual accounts and the International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). The Issuer's accounts were prepared in accordance with IFRS with 
effect from 30 June 2007, but the accounting treatment of retirement benefits has applied IAS 19: Employee 
benefits with effect from 1 January 2005 in accordance with NRS 6, as approved in September 2005, and with 
amendments with effect from 1 January 2013. The unaudited financial statements for the half year ending 30 
June 2021 have been prepared in accordance with IAS 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”, as adopted by the 
EU. 
The financial statements incorporated by reference herein are available at the Issuer's website:   
https://www.nordea.com/en/investor-relations/reports-and-presentations/select-reports-and-
presentations/local-subsidiary-reports/?fCat=tcm%3A33-135063-1024&fSubCat=tcm%3A33-135067-
1024&fYear= 
Issuer's Annual report for 2020 and 2019 are available at the Issuer's website: 
https://www.nordea.com/en/investor-relations/reports-and-presentations/subsidiary-reports/norwegian-
subsidiary-reports/?fQ=&fSubCat=tcm%3A33-212176-1024&fYear=2020 
https://www.nordea.com/en/investor-relations/reports-and-presentations/subsidiary-reports/norwegian-
subsidiary-reports/?fQ=&fSubCat=tcm%3A33-212176-1024&fYear=2019  
Issuer's second quarter report for 2021 is available at the Issuer's website: 
https://www.nordea.com/en/doc/interim-report-nordea-eiendomskreditt-second-quarter-2021.pdf. 
Any other information not listed above but included in the documents incorporated by reference is given for 
information purposes only.  
Save for the annual financial statements in respect of the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019, no other information in the Base Prospectus has been audited.  
The Issuer will, in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Covered 
Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
 
RATINGS 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme are expected to be assigned one of the following 
ratings: 
Rating Agency 
Rating 
Moody's Investors Service Limited 
Aaa 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
AAA 
 
Moody's Investors Service Limited ("Moody's") and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") are 
established in the EEA and are registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation") and are, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by ESMA on its website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/list-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
In accordance with Moody's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on 
https://www.moodys.com/ratings-process/Ratings-Definitions/002002, obligations rated 'Aaa' are judged to be 
of the highest quality, subject to the lowest level of credit risk. In accordance with S&P's ratings definitions 
available 
as 
at 
the 
date 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
on 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article/-/view/sourceId/504352, 
obligations 
rated 
'AAA' are judged to be of the highest quality and indicate that the relevant issuer's capacity to meet its financial 
commitments on the obligation is very strong. 
Tranches of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  Where a Tranche of 
Covered Bonds is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Such rating will 
not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to the Issuer or to Covered Bonds already issued.  Whether 
or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds will be issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
To the extent permitted by a rating agency hired by the Issuer, the Issuer may decline a rating (which may 
include a non-investment grade rating) assigned by the hired rating agency to a Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
which would typically delay the publication of that rating by such rating agency for a period of 12 months. If 
any non-hired rating agency assigns an unsolicited rating to any Covered Bonds, there can be no assurance 
that such rating will not differ from, or be lower than, the ratings provided by a hired rating agency. The 
decision to decline a rating assigned by a hired rating agency, the delayed publication of such rating or the 
assignment of a non-solicited rating by a rating agency not hired by the Issuer could adversely affect the market 
value and liquidity of the Covered Bonds. 
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/list-registered-and-certified-
CRAs, a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  This 
list must be updated within five working days of ESMA's adoption of any decision to withdraw the registration 
of a credit rating agency under the CRA Regulation.  Therefore, such list is not conclusive evidence of the 
status of the relevant rating agency as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken 
against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and 
such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended) unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action has not been withdrawn or suspended) or 
(2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA, but which is certified under the 
CRA Regulation (and such certification has not been withdrawn or suspended).

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Furthermore, credit ratings are subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time, and a change 
in the credit ratings of the Issuer, or a new unsolicited credit rating assigned to the Issuer, could affect 
the market value and reduce the liquidity of the Covered Bonds. 
There can be no assurance that a rating assigned to the Issuer will remain for any given period of time or that 
a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances in 
the future so warrant. In the event that a rating assigned to the Issuer is subsequently lowered for any reason, 
no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional support or credit enhancement with respect to the 
Covered Bonds, and the market value and liquidity of the Covered Bonds may be adversely affected. In 
addition, the Issuer's credit ratings do not always mirror the risk related to individual Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme. Real or anticipated changes in the Issuer's credit ratings generally will also affect the 
market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Rating agencies also regularly reassess the methodologies they employ to measure the creditworthiness of 
companies and securities. Any updates to these methodologies could affect the credit ratings assigned by the 
agencies. 
To the extent permitted by a rating agency hired by the Issuer, the Issuer may decline a rating (which 
may include a non-investment grade rating) assigned by the hired rating agency to a Series of Covered 
Bonds, which would typically delay the publication of that rating by such rating agency for a period of 
12 months. In addition to ratings assigned by any hired rating agencies, rating agencies not hired by the 
Issuer to rate a Series of Covered Bonds may assign unsolicited ratings. If any non-hired rating agency 
assigns an unsolicited rating to any Covered Bonds, there can be no assurances that such rating will not 
differ from, or be lower than, the ratings provided by a hired rating agency. The decision to decline a 
rating assigned by a hired rating agency, the delayed publication of such rating or the assignment of a 
non-solicited rating by a rating agency not hired by the Issuer could adversely affect the market value 
and liquidity of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a duly convened meeting of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer held on 1 June 2010. 
2. 
The Issuer is not and nor has it been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) 
during the 12 months before the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the 
recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
3. 
Since 30 June 2021, the date to which the latest interim financial statements of the Issuer were 
prepared, there has been no significant change in the financial position of the Issuer.  
4. 
Since 31 December 2020, the date to which the latest audited financial statements of the Issuer 
were published, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer. 
5. 
The financial statements of the Issuer have been audited for year ended 31 December 2019 and 
2020. The Issuer has been audited by the public accountants PricewaterhouseCoopers AS for the 
year ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. The auditors of the Issuer have no material 
interest in the Issuer. 
6. 
For the twelve months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents may be inspected during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer 
and the registered office of the Issuer and at https://www.nordea.com: 
(i) 
the certificate of registration and articles of association of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2019 including the audit reports relating thereto; 
(iii) 
this Base Prospectus, together with any supplements thereto;  
(iv) 
the Final Terms for issues listed on Oslo Børs and issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus; 
and  
(v) 
the articles of association of the Issuer.  
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the websites referred to in this Base Prospectus do not form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
 
7. 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for settlement through Euronext VPS. The appropriate 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in relation to the Covered Bonds of each 
issuance will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.   
8. 
The address of Euronext VPS is Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen 
ASA, P.O. Box 1174 Sentrum, 0107 Oslo. 
9. 
There are no material contracts having been entered into outside the ordinary course of the Issuer's 
business and which could result in the Issuer being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to holders of Covered Bonds in respect of the 
Covered Bonds being issued. 
10. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 549300TTWFTM3HRP0618

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
 
REGISTERED AND PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Nordea Eiendomskreditt AS  
Essendropsgate 7 
0368 OSLO 
 
INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS 
Dronning Eufemias gate 8 
 0191 Oslo 
 
INDEPENDENT INSPECTOR 
KPMG AS 
Sørkedalsveien 6  
0369 Oslo  
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
 FI-00020 Nordea Finland 
  
REGISTRAR  
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge 
Essendropsgate 7 
0368 OSLO 
 
SETTLEMENT 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA 
Euronext VPS 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository 
Fred. Olsens gate 1  
  0152 Oslo