--- Page 1 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Base Prospectus

--- Page 2 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 2 of 42 
 
Important notice  
This Base Prospectus prepared according to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, is valid for a period of up 
to 12 months following its approval by Norwegian FSA. This Base Prospectus was approved by the 
Norwegian FSA on 26.01.2022. The prospectus for issuance of new bonds or other securities may for 
a period of up to 12 months from the date of the approval consist of this Base Prospectus and a Final 
Term to each issue.   
A prospective investor should consider carefully the factors set forth in chapter 1 Risk factors, and 
elsewhere in the Prospectus, and should consult his or her own expert advisers as to the suitability 
of an investment in bonds, including any legal requirements, exchange control regulations and tax 
consequences within the country of residence and domicile for the acquisition, holding and disposal 
of bonds relevant to such prospective investor. 
The manager and/or affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees may be a market 
maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this Base Prospectus 
and may perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to such 
instruments. The managers corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager for 
this Company in private and/or public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly 
known. Copies of this Base Prospectus are not being mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or 
into or made available in the United States. Persons receiving this document (including custodians, 
nominees and trustees) must not distribute or send such documents or any related documents in or 
into the United States. 
Other than in compliance with applicable United States securities laws, no solicitations are being 
made or will be made, directly or indirectly, in the United States. Securities will not be registered 
under the United States Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States 
absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus may be limited by law also in other jurisdictions, for example 
in Canada, Japan, Australia and in the United Kingdom. Verification and approval of the Base 
Prospectus by the Norwegian FSA implies that the Base Prospectus may be used in any EEA country. 
No other measures have been taken to obtain authorisation to distribute the Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where such action is required, and any information contained herein or in any other sales 
document relating to bonds does not constitute an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction 
in which such offer or solicitation is not lawful or in which the person making such offer or solicitation 
is not qualified to do so or to anyone to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. 
The content of the Base Prospectus does not constitute legal, financial or tax advice and potential 
investors should seek legal, financial and/or tax advice. 
Unless otherwise stated, the Base Prospectus is subject to Norwegian law. In the event of any dispute 
regarding the Base Prospectus, Norwegian law will apply.

--- Page 3 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 3 of 42 
 
Table of Contents: 
 
 
1. Risk factors ..................................................................................................................... 4 
2. Persons responsible ........................................................................................................ 11 
3. Definitions ..................................................................................................................... 12 
4. Statutory auditors .......................................................................................................... 13 
5. Information about the Issuer ........................................................................................... 14 
6. Business overview .......................................................................................................... 16 
7. Administrative, management and supervisory bodies .......................................................... 22 
8. Major shareholders ......................................................................................................... 26 
9. Financial information concerning the Issuer's assets and liabilities, financial position and profits 
and losses ......................................................................................................................... 27 
10. Documents on display ................................................................................................... 29 
11. Financial instruments that can be issued under the Base Prospectus ................................... 30 
12. Cross reference list ....................................................................................................... 41 
13. Appendix ..................................................................................................................... 42

--- Page 4 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 4 of 42 
 
1. Risk factors  
RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE ISSUER 
Investing in bonds involves inherent risks. Prospective investors should carefully consider, among 
other things, the risk factors set out in the Base Prospectus before making an investment decision.  
A prospective investor should carefully consider all the risks related to the Company and should 
consult his or her own expert advisors as to the suitability of an investment in securities of the 
Company. An investment in securities of the Company entails significant risks and is suitable only 
for investors who understand the risk factors associated with this type of investment and who can 
afford a loss of all or part of the investment. Against this background, an investor should thus make 
a careful assessment of the Company and its prospects before deciding to invest, including but not 
limited to the cost structure for both the Company and the investors, as well as the investors' current 
and future tax position. The risk factors for the Company and the Group are deemed to be equivalent 
for the purpose of this Base Prospectus unless otherwise stated.  
The obligations under the securities may be divided in three areas:    
1. The ability to pay interest on the loans is dependent on the cash flow. 
a. The Company’s income depends on the rent levels and the vacancy in the portfolio. 
b. The Company’s cost may vary, particularly due to development projects and to some 
extent refurbishment projects.  
2. The ability to refinance the loan at maturity 
a. The economic status of the Company 
b. The valuation of the properties 
c. 
The liquidity in banks, bond market and equity market. 
3. No breach of covenants, including change of control and cross-default. 
Below the risks related to these obligations are categorized as market risk, operational risk and 
financial risk. The risks within each category are listed, in the view of the Company, according to the 
possible negative impact they may have and the probability of their occurrence. The greatest risk 
within each category is mentioned first.  
Market risk 
Macro economical fluctuations 
The Company is exposed to the economic cycle and macro economical fluctuations, since changes in 
the general economic situation could affect rent levels, vacancies and the value of the Company’s 
assets. It is especially important what the market conditions are when major lease contracts expire. 
If the covid-19 pandemic will lead to a new lock-down, there is a risk of lower rent, particularly from 
the Company’s retail and restaurant tenants which are located at Aker Brygge and Hasle. Office 
tenants have not been affected so much by the lock-down.   
Through the 42.5 per cent ownership in Nordr Eiendom, the Company is also exposed to the 
residential market of Norway and Sweden. Housing prices and demand are also influenced by the 
economic cycle and macro economical fluctuations.  
Demand 
The demand for properties, both commercial and residential, are influenced by several factors, on 
both a micro and macro level. Negative changes in the general economic situation, leading to lower 
business and private spending and increased unemployment, may adversely affect the demand for 
renting commercial properties or buying a new house or apartment.

--- Page 5 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 5 of 42 
 
Regarding commercial and residential properties on a micro level, the relative attractiveness of 
regions and cities will affect activity in the respective regions, cities and even neighborhoods, and 
hence the demand for properties. There are no guarantees that the areas that are attractive today 
remain to be attractive. 
The covid-19 pandemic has increased the use of home office, and it remains to be seen if this will be 
a permanent solution, and if this will decrease the demand for office premises. 
Climate change risk may also induce a shift in demand towards more energy efficient buildings. If 
tenants prefer zero-emission buildings to older buildings that are less energy efficient, there is a risk 
that the Group’s revenues will be lower than the revenues of some of its competitors. 
Supply 
The supply of commercial properties is influenced mainly by construction and refurbishment activity. 
Historically, periods with good market conditions in the office property market have been followed 
by increased construction of office properties. This may lead to oversupply and increased vacancies. 
The long lead time of construction may further increase this effect, as construction that has been 
started in general will be finalized regardless of any market slowdown. Oversupply may lead to 
increased vacancy for the Group, especially if this coincides with many rental contracts coming up 
for renewal. The tenants may choose to move to a new building owned by one of the Group’s 
competitors rather than prolonging the lease contract in the existing premises. If the Group has 
invested in new building projects itself, there is a risk of vacancy in the new project if the completion 
takes place in a period with oversupply. Increased vacancy will reduce the Company’s income, and 
also increase the cost, as cost normally allocated to tenants must be covered by the Company.  
The supply of residential properties is also influenced by construction activity, as well as the 
availability of zoned building plots. Oversupply means it will be more difficult to sell the apartments 
and houses.  
Regulation risk 
Changes in, or completion of, zoning by relevant authorities may significantly affect the operations 
of the Group’s properties, including the interest of potential tenants in future rental of premises or 
interest of future purchasers of the properties. Furthermore, changes in zoning may limit the 
possibility to further develop the properties and may lead to increased costs. 
The Group has several potential development projects in Nydalen where a zoning process is ongoing, 
and the outcome will affect the value of the properties.  
Nordr has a land bank of approximately 14,000 units in Norway and Sweden, and it is necessary to 
get a proper zoning in order to build apartments on these plots in the future. There is a risk related 
to timing of the zoning process, as well as the outcome of the process which will affect the value of 
the projects.  
CPI adjustments 
The majority of the lease agreements in the Group's commercial property portfolio have a 100% 
consumer price index ("CPI") adjustment clause, allowing the Group to increase its total rental 
income each year equal to 99% of the increase in the CPI. A lower rate of inflation or reduced CPI 
levels could lead to lower than anticipated rent levels, which could have a material and adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

--- Page 6 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 6 of 42 
 
Operational risk 
Tenant risk 
The financial status and strength of the Group’s tenants, and thus their ability to service the rent etc. 
will always be a decisive factor when evaluating the risk of a property company. Contractual rights 
to terminate leases prior to expiry date, with subsequent vacancy of the premises, bankruptcy of 
tenants, and possible adjustment cost in relation to new tenants or lower rent levels, will influence 
the rental income negatively. Some of the leases are revenue based, which means that factors 
affecting the revenue of the tenants (such as lockdown due to the pandemic, as well as the quality 
of the tenants’ operations and general market conditions) will affect the Company’s rental income. 
Due to the covid-19 pandemic some tenants have been forced to close down their business for several 
months. Some of the tenants qualify to receive compensation for loss of income from the state. 
Restaurants which opened during 2020 or 2021 have not qualified for compensation.  
Legal claims/legal matters/pre-emption rights 
Norwegian Property may in the future be subject to legal claims from tenants and authorities, 
including tax authorities and other third parties. No assurance can be given to the outcome of any 
such claims. 
In addition, there are contractual option rights for tenants (extension of lease length etc) that may 
limit the landlords’ flexibility, and/or reduce property value. 
Maintenance/Technical condition/Operating risk/Refurbishment 
Maintenance of the properties is mainly regulated so that the landlord is responsible for external 
maintenance and that the tenant covers other operating costs (e.g. internal maintenance) in the 
premises leased. In addition, the landlord is in several of the lease contracts obliged to cover the 
costs of replacement of technical installations. There is a general risk that costs for maintenance and 
replacements, upgrading, etc., for which the Group is responsible may be larger than assumed. The 
landlord’s potential obligation will depend on the technical state and condition of the lease object. In 
particular, the Group will incur costs in relation to adaptation to new tenants. 
The Company will from time to time carry out conversion and refurbishment projects for some of its 
properties. The refurbishment work involves a risk for cost overruns and delays. Moreover, there are 
no guarantees that future rents from the properties will cover costs related to conversions and 
refurbishments. 
Due to the covid-19 pandemic cost of various materials have increased, and this may effect building 
cost as well. 
Refurbishment costs may also increase because of adaptation to shift in demand towards more 
energy efficient properties, as this may request more expensive materials or equipment. The 
emerging trend with re-use of building materials may also lead to higher refurbishment cost, at least 
for a period. There is still not an efficient market or certification scheme for used building materials.  
Pollution and physical climate related risk 
In respect of some of the Company’s properties, and the ground on which some of the properties are 
placed, pollution/use of toxic material is known to the Company. Further, some of the properties 
acquired are situated in areas where it is not unlikely that the ground is polluted, based on the history 
of the site/area. The risks relating to pollution in the ground and in the properties and associated 
buildings largely rest on the Group. Such pollution may render further development of the 
properties/ground, and excavation, more expensive (due to required soil surveys or otherwise) and 
subject to approval from authorities.

--- Page 7 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 7 of 42 
 
The Company’s properties all face risks regarding physical climate change. Increased precipitation 
may lead to flooding of basements or leakages in buildings which result in increased cost of operation 
and refurbishment. In addition, regulations regarding cars in Oslo City Centre may become even 
stricter, and this may affect the value of properties there.  
Preservation areas 
Some of the buildings on Aker Brygge, CBD and Nydalen are regulated for preservation purposes. 
This includes original industrial buildings on Aker Brygge which are regulated as “special area 
preservation (business, office, food and drink, cinema, museum)”. The buildings are not permitted 
to be demolished and there are restrictions on the altering of the exteriors of the buildings. Hence, 
the operational flexibility is lower, and the costs related to refurbishment is higher, than normally is 
the case with buildings that are not subject to such restrictions.  
These restrictions also limit the possibility to upgrade the energy efficiency of such buildings. Hence, 
rent may become lower due to change in demand towards more energy efficient buildings. 
Financial risk 
Financial leverage and bank debt1 
As of 30 September 2021, total interest-bearing liabilities in the balance sheet came to NOK 12,184.4 
million (NOK 7,391.9 million), with non-current interest-bearing liabilities totaling NOK 10,592.8 
million (NOK 6,422.6 million) and current interest-bearing liabilities amounting to NOK 1,591.6 
million (NOK 969.3 million). 
The Group’s financial position, including its financial leverage may have several adverse 
consequences. For example, Norwegian Property will be required to manage the businesses in a way 
to service its debt obligations.  
As is customary for holding companies, the ability of the companies in the Group to make future 
scheduled payments on its outstanding indebtedness may depend on, among other things, the ability 
to obtain access to the earnings and cash balances of their subsidiaries or otherwise realize their 
value (which may be subject to legal and contractual restrictions), as well as on the future operating 
performance of the Group and its ability to refinance its indebtedness where necessary. There can 
be no assurance that the Company, or any of its subsidiaries as part of the Group, will be able to 
service its debt obligations or will have access to such earnings or cash balances in the future. 
If the Group’s cash flow and capital resources are insufficient to fund its debt service obligations, the 
Company may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets or seek to obtain 
additional equity capital or restructure or refinance the Group’s debt. There can be no assurance that 
such alternative measures would be successful or would permit the Group to meet its debt service 
obligations. In the absence of such operating results and resources, the Group could face substantial 
liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations, to meet its debt 
service and other obligations. There can be no assurance as to the ability of the Company to 
consummate such sales or that such proceeds would be adequate to meet the obligations then due. 
Interest rate fluctuations 
Norwegian Property is to a large extent financed by debt and will be exposed to interest rate 
fluctuations. Any period of rapid increase in interest rates may hence negatively affect the Company’s 
cash flows, profitability and valuation of the underlying assets. Norwegian Property seeks to limit its 
interest rate risk through entering into fixed interest rate contracts/swaps for a major part of its 
 
1 Figures in brackets refer to the corresponding period of the year before

--- Page 8 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 8 of 42 
 
outstanding loans. Interest rate fluctuations will influence the fair value of the Group’s portfolio of 
financial derivatives and thereby lead to changes in the financial results.  
The level of long-term interest rates will also be an important factor in the development of the value 
of the properties. Indirectly the interest rate level could also affect rent levels by having a negative 
impact on the revenue of the tenants, but rent level is also relevant when re-negotiating/renewing 
or entering into new leases. 
Loan covenants and cross-default 
The loan facilities of the Group contain certain requirements as regards the financial condition of the 
Company and its subsidiaries (financial covenants) relating to i.e. interest coverage ratio, loan-to-
value covenants, change of control etc. and other obligations of financial nature in addition to 
repayment obligations at the respective maturity dates. 
No assurance can be given that the relevant Group company will be able to satisfy all these terms 
and conditions at all times, or that its lenders will waive or change the terms to avoid an actual or 
expected default of the above-mentioned conditions. This could mean that repayment of loans are 
accelerated by lenders, including acceleration based on cross-default provisions, which could itself 
oblige the Company to seek to refinance the Group’s loans and the Company may be forced to divest 
properties. There can be no assurance that the Company will, if required, be able to refinance or 
enter into new loan facilities on satisfactory terms, and to the extent necessary to maintain its 
existing and future business. 
Fair value adjustments 
The Company's properties and its financial derivatives are included at fair value in the Company's 
consolidated financial statements. The fair value of the properties is impacted by a number of 
external factors including interest rates combined with credit margins, rental market for the 
properties, the financial institutions’ lending conditions (including covenants, requirements for equity 
in transactions and availability of funds) and conditions in the investor market (including investors’ 
required return on capital and balance in the transaction market for properties). Changes in fair value 
are recorded quarterly in the income statement and, with respect to the properties, are among other 
input also based on third party valuations. Consequently, adjustment based on changes in fair value 
may negatively affect the Company's access to funding and its financial cost, and equity on group 
level. This may in turn, among other things, have an impact on the Group’s ability to satisfy its 
obligations (financial covenants) under its loan agreements. 
Tax risk and losses carried forward 
Changes in laws and rules regarding tax and duties may involve new and changed parameters for 
investors and the Company. This may involve a reduction in the profitability of investing in property 
and the profit after tax for the Company. Tax implications of transactions and dispositions of the 
Group are to some extent based on judgment of applicable tax law and regulations. Even if the 
Company is of the opinion that it has assessed tax law in good faith, it could not be ruled out that 
the tax authorities and courts may conclude differently. The Company has no assurance that the tax 
losses carried forward are usable, either within the country they appeared or across the Nordic 
region. Furthermore, the Company does not have any assurance for when and how these losses may 
be utilized against profits. 
With effect from 2019, amendments have been made to the rules on limiting interest deductions 
under Norwegian tax legislation. The limitation has been extended to include external interest 
payments for taxpayers in a group. The change affects Norwegian Property, which has a foreign 
controlling shareholder.

--- Page 9 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 9 of 42 
 
Property tax 
Oslo council implemented property tax from 2017, and there is a risk that they will raise the tax 
level. The implementation of property tax, including future tax levels, may negatively affect the 
results of the Group and valuations of the Group's properties. This may also, among other things, in 
general reduce the profitability of investing in property. Under some of the Group's lease agreements 
the landlord is responsible for property tax, while the tenant according to other of the lease 
agreements is responsible for a proportionate share of property tax (as part of the common costs). 
Even in the cases where the tenant is responsible for the property tax, the implementation of property 
tax may negatively affect the results of the Group due to possible reduced rent levels because of the 
implementation of property tax. There is also a risk that property taxes will be introduced in 
municipalities where this has not already been introduced. The company has, for example, larger 
properties in Bærum municipality that have not introduced property tax as of today. 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE BONDS 
Interest rate risk on floating rate bonds 
The risk is due to the variability of the applicable Reference rate. The coupon payments, which depend 
on the Reference rate and the Margin, will vary in accordance with the variability of the Reference 
rate. The primary price risk for a floating rate bond issue will be related to the market view of the 
correct trading level for the credit spread related to the bond issue at a certain time during the tenor, 
compared with the credit margin the bond issue is carrying. A possible increase in the credit spread 
trading level relative to the coupon defined credit margin may relate to general changes in the market 
conditions and/or Issuer specific circumstances. However, under normal market circumstances the 
anticipated tradable credit spread will fall as the duration of the bond issue becomes shorter. In 
general, the price of bonds will fall when the credit spread in the market increases, and conversely 
the bond price will increase when the market spread decreases.  
NIBOR and other benchmark rates are the subject of recent national and international regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform including, without limitation, the potential replacement of NIBOR 
as a reference rate. 
Interest rate risk on fixed rate bonds  
Changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of a Bondholder’s investment. If the 
Bonds have been established at a fixed interest rate the coupon does not vary with changes in 
interest rate levels. However, investment in bonds bearing interest at a fixed rate may adversely 
affect the value of the Bonds following subsequent changes in underlying market interest rates.  
Market risk  
There is a risk that the value of the Bonds will decrease due to the change in value of the market 
risk factors. The price of a single bond issue will fluctuate in accordance with the interest rate and 
credit markets in general, the market view of the credit risk of that particular bond issue, and the 
liquidity of the bond issue in the market. In spite of an underlying positive development in the Issuer’s 
business activities, the price of a Bond may fall independent of this fact. This could be observed 
during the first months of the covid-19 lockdown in March 2020. The price of the Company’s 
outstanding bonds fell due to general uncertainty in the credit market. Later, when markets have 
stabilized, the bond prices have also increased. Bond issues with a relatively short tenor and a floating 
rate coupon rate do, however, in general carry a lower price risk compared to bond issues with a 
longer tenor and/or with a fixed coupon rate.

--- Page 10 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 10 of 42 
 
Security 
The Issuer may issue both secured and unsecured Bonds. The level of any security will be described 
in the applicable Final Terms. In general, unsecured bonds carry a higher risk than secured bonds. 
Although even for secured Bonds, there can be no assurance that the value of the secured assets 
will be sufficient to cover all the outstanding Bonds together with accrued interest and expenses in 
case of a default and/or if the Issuer enters into bankruptcy proceedings. 
 
 
Green Bonds 
In respect of Bonds issued as “Green Bonds” there can be no assurance that the relevant use of 
proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. The net proceeds raised from the 
issuance of Norwegian Property’s Green Bond will be used to finance or re-finance, in whole or in 
part, a selected pool of assets and projects that promote the transition to low-carbon, climate resilient 
and sustainable economies. The purpose of Green Bonds is financing of Eligible Projects as defined 
in and otherwise in accordance with the Issuer’s Green Bonds Framework. There are reservations as 
to whether these projects meet each individual investor’s investment criteria.  
 
Terms and rights of the Bondholders 
The Bond Terms will include provisions for convening Bondholder meetings and decisions may be 
made by defined majority of the Bondholders, implementing changes that are binding for all 
Bondholders. This implies that amendments may be made to the Bond Terms which may be 
unfavorable or otherwise to a disadvantage to certain Bondholders. Provided that such amendments 
will be binding on all Bondholders, regardless of whether such Bondholder agrees or disagrees with 
such amendments.

--- Page 11 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 11 of 42 
 
2. Persons responsible  
RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION 
Responsible for the information given in the Base Prospectus are as follows:  
 
Norwegian Property ASA 
Støperigata 2 
NO-0250 Oslo 
P.O. Box 1657 Vika 
NO-0120 Oslo 
 
DECLARATION BY RESPONSIBLE 
Norwegian Property ASA confirms that, to the best of their knowledge, the information contained in 
the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission 
likely to affect its import. 
 
 
 
26.01.2022 
 
Norwegian Property ASA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COMPETENT AUTHORITY APPROVAL 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (the 
“Norwegian FSA”) (Finanstilsynet), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The 
Norwegian FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Company that is the subject of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 12 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 12 of 42 
 
3. Definitions 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
- 
This Base Prospectus dated 26.01.2022. 
 
CBD 
 
 
 
-  
Central Business District.  
 
Company / Issuer /  
Norwegian Property 
 
-  
Norwegian Property ASA with reg.nr 988 622 036.  
 
CPI 
 
 
  
- 
Consumer price index. 
 
Final Terms  
 
 
- 
Document to be prepared for each new issue or tap of bonds. 
 
The Group / NPRO /  
NPRO Group 
 
 
-  
The Issuer and its subsidiaries.  
 
IFRS 
 
 
 
- 
International Financial Reporting Standards. 
 
NOK 
 
 
 
- 
The official currency of Norway, the Norwegian crown. 
 
Prospectus 
 
 
- 
This Base Prospectus together with the applicable Final  
 
 
 
 
Terms. 
 
PwC  
 
 
 
- 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS reg.nr 987 009 713. 
 
VPS 
 
 
 
-  
Verdipapirsentralen ASA; Norwegian public limited company  
 
 
 
 
 
authorized to register rights to financial instruments  
 
 
 
 
 
pursuant to the Securities Register Act.

--- Page 13 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 13 of 42 
 
4. Statutory auditors 
The Company’s auditor for the period covered by the historical financial information in this Base 
Prospectus has been PricewaterhouseCoopers AS (PwC).  
PwC contact information: Dronning Eufemias gate 71, 0194 Oslo, Norway. Post address: P.O. Box 
748 Sentrum, NO-0106 Oslo, Norway.  
PwC is a member of Den Norske Revisorforeningen og autorisert regnskapsførerselskap (The 
Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants).

--- Page 14 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 14 of 42 
 
5. Information about the Issuer 
Norwegian Property ASA is a Norwegian public limited liability company domiciled in Norway and 
existing under the laws of Norway, including the Public Limited Companies Act. The legal name of 
the Company is Norwegian Property ASA and the commercial name is Norwegian Property. The 
Company was incorporated in Norway on 20 July 2005 and is registered in the Norwegian Companies 
Registry with registration number 988 622 036 and LEI-code 549300XAKTM2BMKIPT85. The head 
office and registered office of Norwegian Property ASA is Støperigata 2, 0250 Oslo, Norway. The 
mailing address of the Company is P. O. Box 1657 Vika, 0120 Oslo, Norway and the telephone 
number is +47 22 83 40 20.   
Website is www.norwegianproperty.no2 
Norwegian Property’s primary business is the ownership and management of commercial properties 
in the Oslo region. The Company has identified following value drivers for long-term value creation; 
Market and rental, real estate development, operations and management, transactions and finance. 
Norwegian Property is a focused and fully integrated real estate specialist, with holdings located 
primarily in the Oslo area. The Group owns, develops and manages its properties. It concentrates on 
developing attractive environments with a mix of offices, retail outlets, services and culture. 
The Company’s property portfolio breaks down into three areas: Oslo’s central business district 
(CBD), the Nydalen district and Fornebu. In addition, the property portfolio includes one retail 
property at Hasle (Other). 
According to the Company’s articles of association section 3 the business of the Company is: The 
Company operates in management, acquisitions, sales and development of real estate and 
infrastructure, including participation in other companies and through trading and investment in 
interest/units and securities, as well as businesses which are related to such. 
Norwegian Property ASA is the parent company in the Group with limited activity other than being 
the ultimate holding company. Each property is owned by a subsidiary, while the Group’s debt is 
gathered in the parent company. Consequently, the Company is dependent upon the activities in and 
the income from its subsidiaries to service its debt.  
The Company’s properties are as a main rule each held by an individual subsidiary in so-called single 
purpose companies and in some cases the title is held by a separate legal entity. A few of the single 
purpose companies are limited partnership companies, which require at least two owners according 
to applicable law, and therefore usually 0.5 % of each partnership company’s shares are owned by 
a general partner (another company in the Group) which is a separate entity. The Group currently 
has 47 subsidiaries: 
Aker Brygge AS  
Gjerdrums vei 10 D AS  
Norwegian Property ASA  
Aker Brygge Business Village AS  
Gjerdrums vei 14-16 AS  
Npro 1 AS  
Aker Brygge Energisentral AS  
Gjerdrums vei 17 AS  
Npro 2 AS  
Aker Brygge Marina AS  
Gjerdrums vei 3 AS  
NPRO Drift AS  
Aker Brygge Marina Drift AS  
Gjerdrums vei 5 AS  
NPRO Holding AS  
Aker Brygge Uteareal AS  
Gjerdrums vei 8 AS  
NPRO Invest AS  
Bryggegata 9 AS   
Grensen Investment AS  
Nydalsveien 15-17 AS  
Bryggetorget 3 AS 
Gullhaug Torg 3 AS  
Sandakerveien 130 AS  
Bryggetorget Invest AS 
Gullhaugveien 9-13 AS  
Snarøyveien 30 AS  
Bydel Aker Brygge Forvaltning AS  
Hasle Linje Bygg 01 AS  
Snarøyveien 36 AS  
 
2 Disclaimer - the information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus

--- Page 15 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 15 of 42 
 
Dokkbygningen Aker Brygge AS  
Nye Hasle Linje Bygg 01 Næring 
AS  
Stranden AS  
Drammensveien 60 AS  
Kaibygning 1 AS  
Støperiet AS  
Fondbygget AS  
Kaibygning 2 AS  
Terminalbygget Aker Brygge AS  
Gardermoen Næringseiendom ANS  
Lille Grensen 7 Andel AS  
Tingvalla AS  
Gardermoen Næringseiendom AS  
Lille Grensen 7 ANS  
Verkstedhallene AS  
Gardermoen Næringseiendom KS  
Lille Grensen 7 AS  
 Forusbeen 35 AS 
 
All subsidiaries have the same business address as Norwegian Property ASA. 
In addition to its wholly owned subsidiaries, Norwegian Property has a 42.5 per cent share (joint 
venture) in the residential development company Nordr. A total of 40 residential units were delivered 
in the third quarter 2021. A total of 1,109 units are expected to be delivered over the next five 
quarters in both wholly and partly owned projects in Norway and Sweden. 
The Norwegian Property Group has an interest in Bryggedrift AS, which is responsible for certain 
operating services and management of condominiums at Aker Brygge in Oslo. Bryggedrift AS is a 
facility management company without significant assets. All condominiums at Aker Brygge are 
shareholders in Bryggedrift AS, and Norwegian Property as a participant in the condominiums has a 
controlling interest in Bryggedrift AS on the basis of the ownership structure of the condominiums. 
Norwegian Property is represented on the board of Bryggedrift AS by two of the five directors. 
In Stavanger, the Group has a joint venture with Base Bolig for a development project of 250 
residential units and approx. 5 000 gross lettable area (GLA) on a 100 per cent basis. Forusbeen 35 
AS holds 50% of FB35 bolig AS, which owns FB35 Næring AS.

--- Page 16 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 16 of 42 
 
6. Business overview  
The source of the information contained in the Base Prospectus is from the Company, unless otherwise stated. 
Where information has been sourced from a third party the information has been accurately reproduced and 
that as far as the Company is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
THE PROPERTY PORTFOLIO 
Norwegian Property owns 29 investment properties. These are primarily located in central areas of 
the Oslo region. The Group's properties mainly comprise office premises as well as retail and 
restaurant space along with the associated warehousing and parking for the office areas. The figures 
below show the split on various categories by area and by run rate (rental income), as per Q3-2021.  
  
 
The office category is clearly the most important category, both when it comes to size (67%) and 
income (75%).  
 PROPERTY DETAILS Q3-2021 
Oslo Central Business District (CBD):

--- Page 17 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 17 of 42 
 
Nydalen: 
 
 
Fornebu and Hasle: 
 
STRATEGIC GOALS 
Competitive return with balanced risk 
Norwegian Property has a goal of paying 30-50 per cent of its ordinary profit after tax, but before 
fair-value adjustments, as dividend to its shareholders. Before a dividend is determined, an 
assessment will be made of the Group’s financial position and prospects, including possible increased 
capital requirements when investing in properties and changes to the income base when properties 
are sold. 
High tenant satisfaction 
Norwegian Property’s vision is to create meeting places which encourage engagement and provide 
favourable conditions for developing interpersonal relationships. The Group works to ensure a high 
level of tenant satisfaction, which contributes in turn to a good reputation and which is important for 
retaining existing tenants and attracting new ones.

--- Page 18 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 18 of 42 
 
Environmental improvement in line with the best in the industry 
Corporate environmental and social responsibility is broadly defined and includes clearly defined 
targets for measures to protect the environment as well as high aesthetic standards for buildings 
and outside areas in the local environment. The Group’s strategy and goals are outlined in the report 
on corporate social responsibility. 
Investment strategy 
Norwegian Property has a strategy for growth in its core commercial property business as well as an 
ambition to consider opportunities in other property segments. Norwegian Property will continue its 
efforts to expand and develop its business through additional acquisitions and by pursuing several 
interesting long-term development opportunities in the existing property portfolio. 
Norwegian Property has an investment strategy with the emphasis on the following main parameters: 
• 
leading player for office and associated commercial property in selected areas of the Oslo 
region 
• 
prioritise properties close to public transport hubs, and seek to create natural property 
clusters in the Group’s priority areas 
• 
seek to have five to 15 per cent of the portfolio’s area under development over time 
• 
active management of the portfolio through transactions, including the purchase of properties 
with value development potential. 
Financing strategy 
Norwegian Property’s ambition is to deliver a competitive return over time with a balanced financial 
risk profile. The main parameters of its financial strategy are: 
• 
a goal that the LTV ratio will be a maximum of 45-55 per cent of the total value of the Group’s 
investment properties over time 
• 
to base borrowing on long-term relationships with banks and other players pursuing a long-
term strategy in the Norwegian property market 
• 
to seek to diversify funding sources and the maturity structure to reduce refinancing risk 
• 
an ambition to achieve a stable development in cash flow which requires a relatively high 
level of interest-rate hedging, where such hedging will be a minimum of 50 per cent of the 
Group’s interest-bearing debt, with the term of the hedging weighted against the term of the 
leases while also being spread over the period to avoid excessive exposure at specific points 
in time. 
 
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY MARKET 
The Company operates mainly in the commercial property market in the Oslo region where it has 
three clusters for commercial properties, Oslo CBD, Nydalen and Fornebu, in addition to a shopping 
mall at Hasle. The portfolio consists primarily of offices, but the Aker Brygge and Hasle properties 
also include restaurants and retail. In addition, an investment in 42.5% of the residential developer 
Nordr was made in 2020.  
The office market:  
Norwegian Property’s office properties are situated in three main geographic areas; Oslo CBD, 
Nydalen and Fornebu.

--- Page 19 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 19 of 42 
 
• 
The Oslo CBD area is the most attractive area which obtains the highest rent levels from NOK 
3,000-NOK 5,000 per sqm per year according to DNB Næringsmegling’s report in Q3 20213. 
The vacancy of 4% for Oslo West CBD is also among the lowest levels in Oslo.  
• 
Nydalen is part of the Storo/Nydalen area in the DNB Næringsmegling figures. Rent levels 
vary from NOK 1,700 to NOK 2,650 per sqm per year, and vacancy is 8%. Due to future 
development projects in two properties in Nydalen, vacancy is higher for Norwegian 
Property’s portfolio in this area.  
• 
In Fornebu the rent levels vary from NOK 1,300 to NOK 1,850 per sqm per year, and vacancy 
is 11% according to DNB Næringsmegling. It is expected that the attractiveness of the 
Fornebu area will increase when the subway opens in 2026.  
Union Gruppen has in their analysis from 14 October 20214 stated that they expect a clear 
improvement in the rental market with increased office demand, lower supply side growth and rising 
rental levels.  
The fall in employment in 2020 was less dramatic than many feared, and most office companies have 
recovered well from the pandemic. There are many indications that employment will grow in the 
quarters and years to come. According to Statistics Norway, employment growth in 2021 will end at 
0.7 per cent, followed by solid growth of 1.4 per cent in 2022. As activity in the rental market has 
held up well through the pandemic and the prospects in the labor market are promising, there are 
many indications that there will be a positive development in demand in the future. 
Union states that there is still a large demand surplus on the investment side. "All" players in the 
market will buy more, and there is a lot of frustrated capital seeking returns. The sentiment in the 
market is so strong that it will take a while before yield development reverses. Record low real 
interest rates, large amounts of capital seeking returns and an improving rental market support 
current pricing. However, uncertainty has increased as a result of increase in long-term interest 
rates. 
Malling published its Winter Market Report on 29. October 20215. The expected pipeline of new 
construction of offices in Greater Oslo is very low for the coming two years, and increased demand 
is expected to push vacancy lower going forward. There are also few projects in the longer term, and 
vacancy is expected to stay low. 
The effects of home office after the covid 19 pandemic is still undertain. Most tenants seem to be 
reluctant to reduce the amount of space they rent, but if remains to be seen what the long term 
effects will be on both quality and amount. 
Norwegian Property estimate the office vacancy in Oslo at 6.1 per cent overall and 5.2 per cent in 
the city centre. Moderate vacancy rates in the past few years have contributed to positive trends for 
rents. Office vacancy at Fornebu is 7.4 per cent. The level of activity in the transaction market has 
been high for several years, with many properties changing hands in various segments at strong 
yield levels. Prime yield for the Oslo CBD is estimated to be about 3.25 per cent. 
Retail and restaurant:  
The shops and restaurants in the Norwegian Property portfolio are situated in CBD (mostly Aker 
Brygge) or in Hasle. Both Aker Brygge and Hasle operate in the shopping mall segment.  
 
3 Source: https://www.dnbnaringsmegling.no/no/markedsrapport/oslo/ - as of 14.01.2022 
4 Source: https://m2.union.no/segmenter/kontor/yieldene-sklir-nedover-rentene-pa-vei-oppover - as of 14.01.2022 
5 Source: https://co.malling.no/last-ned-siste-markedsrapport - as of 14.01.2022

--- Page 20 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 20 of 42 
 
• 
In Aker Brygge the rent levels vary between NOK 4,000 to NOK 9,000 per square meter 
according to Collier Internationals analysis, “Retailrapport 2021”, published in Q4 20216. 
There are other areas in Oslo CBD which obtain higher prices, but it is expected that the 
opening of the National Museum will attract visitors to Aker Brygge. The high proportion of 
restaurants (60%) separates the area from other shopping streets in central Oslo.  
Before the corona pandemic, the trend was clear in the retail segment. Customers increasingly 
switched from shopping in physical stores to online shopping. Landlords therefore preferred to rent 
out to restaurants, or to businesses who could offer various services and experiences. Shops were 
to some degree transformed to show-rooms. The long-term effects of the corona pandemic remain 
to be seen when it comes to shopping patterns and the willingness to go out to restaurants and 
events.  
According to Unions analysis “Stor interesse for handelsbokser” published 9. December 20217, the 
effects of the pandemic have been declining turnover in shopping malls both in 2020 and 2021. It is 
the shopping malls in the big cities that have suffered the most from the pandemic, and especially 
in the capital. The revenue development is due to several reasons. Most decisive, was the imposed 
closure before the summer of 2021. In addition, there are dropouts of important customer groups, 
typically tourists and office employees who have worked from home. Aker Brygge has typically been 
hit by less international tourists and employees in the offices, but to some degree this has been 
outweighed by Norwegian tourists and local residents. Hasle has had a somewhat positive 
development, being a mall for local residents in home office. 
Housing market 
Through its investment in Nordr Norwegian Property is also exposed to the Norwegian and the 
Swedish housing markets.  
Norwegian housing market 
Prognosesenteret’s forecast for 20228, presented in “Utsikter for boligmarkedet i 2022” on 17 
December 2021, is a price increase of 3% in December 2022 compared to December 2021, both 
nationally and in Oslo. This is assumed that Norges Bank follows its interest rate path. This will 
correspond to an annual growth of around 3.5% for Norway in total, and around 2% for Oslo. 
Commencement permits for new homes in Oslo increased by around 10% during the first three 
quarters of the year, compared with the same period in 2020. October and November 2021 showed 
weaker development. The start-up in Oslo will gradually approach the housing need, while more is 
already being built than the demographic development indicates in many other places. Strong growth 
in raw material and energy prices, in combination with bottlenecks in global value chains, has made 
building materials more expensive in 2021 and led to growth in construction costs. Prices for new 
buildings have risen, and sales of new homes have slowed. 
Swedish housing market 
Nordea released its research on the Swedish housing market 18. November 20219, stating that 
households are relatively optimistic about home prices going forward. Housing starts have picked up, 
and the growth of new homes is faster than population growth. An increased supply of homes will 
hold back rapid price increases going forward. At the same time, financing conditions are favourable 
 
6 Source: https://www.colliers.com/download-research?itemId=608b5eaf-d34a-4152-9b58-48d8869fce12 - as of 14.01.2022 
7 Source: https://m2.union.no/segmenter/handel/stor-interesse-for-handelsbokser - as of 14.01.2022 
8 Source: https://blogg.prognosesenteret.no/utsikter-for-boligmarkedet-i-2022 - as of 14.01.2022 
9 Source: https://corporate.nordea.com/article/69823/swedish-housing-market-october-resilience - as of 14.01.2022

--- Page 21 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 21 of 42 
 
and low rates will continue to fuel the housing market, which makes any big decline in prices unlikely 
in the near-term. It cannot be ruled out that a Omicron wave and possibly stricter restrictions could 
lead to a new surge on the housing market, as we saw in the wake of the pandemic.

--- Page 22 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 22 of 42 
 
7. Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS: 
Name 
Position 
Businesss adress 
Merete Haugli 
Chair 
P. O. Box 1657 Vika, 0120 Oslo, Norway  
Bjørn Henningsen 
Deputy chair 
P. O. Box 1657 Vika, 0120 Oslo, Norway  
Cecilie Astrup Fredriksen 
Board member 
P. O. Box 1657 Vika, 0120 Oslo, Norway  
Kathrine Astrup Fredriksen 
Board member 
P. O. Box 1657 Vika, 0120 Oslo, Norway  
Lars Erich Nielsen 
Board member 
P. O. Box 1657 Vika, 0120 Oslo, Norway  
Carl Erik Krefting 
Board member 
P. O. Box 1657 Vika, 0120 Oslo, Norway  
Anders Buchardt 
Board member 
P. O. Box 1657 Vika, 0120 Oslo, Norway 
Merete Haugli (chair) 
Ms Merete Haugli (born 1964), director since 13 April 2016 and chair since 19 April 2018, studied at 
Bankakademiet and the BI Norwegian Business School, and has pursued studies of transpersonal 
psychology. She runs her own consultancy in such areas as management training, mental training 
and mentoring, and has a versatile background in finance such as SEB, Norway (Head of Private 
Banking), Formuesforvaltning AS (Managing director and board member for the Oslo office), and 
ABG Sundal Collier ASA (consultant for the compliance department and the board) as well as 
Assistant Chief of Police, Economic and environmental crime in Oslo Police District. Since 2009 she 
has held various positions as board member. Haugli is also director of the company Axactor SE, as 
well as a member of the nomination committee for Mowi ASA and North Energy ASA.  
Bjørn Henningsen (deputy chair) 
Mr Bjørn Henningsen (born 1962), director since 10 October 2014, has an MSc in economics from 
Heriot-Watt University and is a partner in Union Eiendomskapital AS, which he helped to found in 
2005. Henningsen has very long and broad experience of real estate investment and development, 
banking and finance. He was previously finance director and managing director of Investra ASA, and 
also has long experience from banks and financial institutions. Henningsen is chair and director of 
numerous companies in the Union group, including chair of Union Gruppen AS and Union 
Eiendomskapital AS.  
Cecilie Astrup Fredriksen (director) 
Ms Cecilie Astrup Fredriksen (born 1983), director since 10 October 2014, received a BA in business 
and Spanish from London Metropolitan University in 2006. She is currently employed in Seatankers 
Management Co Ltd and serves as a director of several companies, including Mowi ASA. Fredriksen 
is related to Geveran Trading Co Ltd, which owns the Company.  
Kathrine Astrup Fredriksen (director) 
Ms Kathrine Astrup Fredriksen (born 1983), director since 13 April 2016, studied at the European 
Business School in London. She is currently employed by Seatankers Management Co Ltd in London 
and serves as director in SFL Corporation Ltd and Axactor SE. Fredriksen’s previous directorships 
include Seadrill Ltd, Frontline Ltd and Golar LNG. She is related to Geveran Trading Co Ltd, which 
owns the Company. 
Lars Erich Nilsen (director) 
Mr Lars Erich Nilsen (born 1981), director since 26 April 2017, has been employed by Seatankers 
Management Norway AS since 2014. He is the general manager and chair of Seatankers Management 
Norway AS, and a director of Axactor Capital AS, Axactor SE, Bulk Infrastructure Holding AS, FP Bolig

--- Page 23 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 23 of 42 
 
Holding AS and FP Bolig AS. He has previously worked as an analyst at Fearnley Advisors AS (2013-
2014) and Fearnley Fonds ASA/Fearnley Securities AS (2005-2013, partner from 2007). Nilsen holds 
a master’s degree in business economics from the BI Norwegian Business School. 
Seatankers Management Co. Ltd. is related to Geveran Trading Co Ltd which owns the Company. 
Carl Erik Krefting (director) 
Mr Carl Erik Krefting (born 1953), director since 19 April 2018, has a law degree from the University 
of Oslo. He helped to found Søylen Eiendom AS in 2004. This company opened Eger as Norway’s first 
high-end department store in May 2009. Krefting was a lawyer and partner in the Thommessen 
Krefting Greve Lund law company from 1982 to 2004, and in that connection held directorships in 
such companies as Avantor ASA, Dyno Industrier ASA and Gresvig ASA. 
Anders Buchardt (director) 
Mr Anders Buchardt (born 1974) is a graduate (nw: Siviløkonom) from the Norwegian School of 
Economics (NHH) in Bergen and is the owner and working chairman of AB Invest AS and Agate 
Utvikling AS. Buchardt has a background from PwC Consulting and Finansbanken/Storebrand Bank, 
before establishing and growing his property development business. In addition to several residential 
projects, he has over the past 15 years developed a number of new, large hotel facilities in Norway 
and Sweden. Anders has been responsible for the development of a number of holiday home projects 
at mountain destinations such as Hafjell, Kvitfjell, Gaustatoppen and Hemsedal. Together with his 
father Arthur, he owns and manages a larger portfolio of hotel and office properties through AB 
Invest AS. In addition to being chairman of the board of his own companies, he is currently chairman 
of the board of Pangea Property Partners and board member of the trade association Norsk Eiendom.  
 
EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT: 
Name 
Position 
Businesss adress 
Bent Oustad 
CEO 
P. O. Box 1657 Vika, 0120 Oslo, Norway  
Haavard Rønning 
CFO 
P. O. Box 1657 Vika, 0120 Oslo, Norway  
Bjørge Aarvold 
EVP Property Management P. O. Box 1657 Vika, 0120 Oslo, Norway  
Ellen Cathrine Kobro 
EVP Marketing  
P. O. Box 1657 Vika, 0120 Oslo, Norway  
Sindre Kornrud 
EVP Development 
P. O. Box 1657 Vika, 0120 Oslo, Norway 
Thomas Weeden 
EVP Business 
Development & Strategy 
P. O. Box 1657 Vika, 0120 Oslo, Norway 
 
Bent Oustad 
Bent Oustad (born 1972) has served as CEO in Norwegian Property since January 2018. Prior to 
joining NPRO, Oustad was a partner at ABG Sundal Collier (“ABGSC”) where he worked in different 
positions within finance, corporate finance and asset management. He has extensive experience in 
buying, selling and management of properties. Bent Oustad holds a Master in Business Administration 
(siv. øk.) from NHH – Norwegian School of Economics. 
 
Haavard Rønning 
Haavard Rønning (born 1973) has worked as a CFO in Norwegian Property since 2018. Prior to 
working for Norwegian Property, Haavard was CFO in Møller Eiendom AS and Selvaag Bolig ASA. He 
started his career in PwC, first as auditor and then in the Corporate Finance department. He holds a 
Master of Science in business from BI Norwegian Business School.

--- Page 24 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 24 of 42 
 
Bjørge Aarvold 
Bjørge Aarvold (born 1966) has served as director in Norwegian Property since 2007 and has been 
responsible for establishing the structure of the property management in the Company. From 2010 
he has served as Executive Vice President Property Management. Prior to joining Norwegian Property, 
Bjørge Aarvold held various senior manager positions in PwC and Cap Gemini (Cap Gemini Ernst & 
Young). He holds a bachelor’s degree from BI Norwegian Business School.  
Ellen Cathrine Kobro 
Ellen Kobro (born 1979) has worked as EVP Sales & Marketing in Norwegian Property since June 
2018. From 2013 she worked as Leasing Manager in the Company. Prior to Norwegian Property she 
worked as a Transaction Advisor in Cushman & Wakefield Realkapital. Ellen holds a Master of Science 
in business from BI Norwegian Business School.  
Sindre Kornrud 
Sindre Kornrud (born 1974) has been employed in NPRO since January 1st 2020. He has experience 
from Møller Eiendom (2014-2019), OEC Consulting (2004-2014) and Scandiaconsult (1998-2004). 
He is graduated in structural engineering with additions in economy. Experience from project 
management of large and medium-sized projects in both the private and public sector, including the 
head office for NSB in Schweigaardsgate 23 and rehabilitation of the Møller family office in Bygdøy 
allé 4, Oslo.  
Thomas Weeden 
Thomas Weeden (born 1974) joined NPRO 1st of October 2021 as EVP Business Development and 
Strategy. Thomas joined NPRO from International Workplace Group (IWG) where he held the position 
as Country Manager Norway and Finland. Through this position he has extensive experience from 
leasing properties and managing over 50 serviced office sites. Prior to this, Thomas has held various 
management positions both national and international within the IT/telco industry as well as FMCG. 
Thomas holds a bachelor’s degree from BI Norwegian Business School.  
 
 
NOMINATION COMMITTEE 
Members of the nomination committee and its chair are elected by the general meeting for two-year 
terms, and their remuneration is determined by the general meeting. The work of the nomination 
committee is regulated by specific guidelines, which are adopted by the AGM.  
The present nomination committee comprises Marianne Johnsen and Anne Lise E. Gryte. Gryte has 
served as chair since she was elected at the General Assembly 25 May 2020. No regular directors or 
executive personnel are represented on the nomination committee. 
 
 
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE 
The Company has established a Compensation Committee as a sub-committee to the Board of 
Directors. The Compensation committee shall assist the board over the employment terms of the 
CEO and the strategy and main principles for remunerating the Group’s senior executives. The 
Compensation Committee currently consists of Merete Haugli and Carl Erik Krefting. 
 
AUDIT COMMITTEE 
The Company has established an Audit Committee as a sub-committee to the Board of Directors. The 
Audit committee shall support the board in the exercise of its responsibility for financial reporting, 
internal control, auditing and overall risk management. The audit committee currently consists of

--- Page 25 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 25 of 42 
 
Bjørn Henningsen (chair), Merete Haugli and Lars Erich Nilsen.   
 
 
RELATED-PARTY DISCLOSURE 
Information regarding related-party disclosure are described in note 12 in the Q3 Interim Report 
2021 and note 25 in the Annual Report 2020. Please see the cross-reference list in section 12 in this 
Base Prospectus. 
Except for as described above in this section 7 of the Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts 
of interest between any duties to the Company of the persons referred to in this section and their 
private interests or other duties.

--- Page 26 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 26 of 42 
 
8. Major shareholders 
The Company’s share capital is NOK 324,912,798 divided between 649,825,596 shares with a par 
value of NOK 0.50 per share. Of these, Norwegian Property ASA held 6 250 000 as treasury shares. 
Norwegian Property ASA has only one share class, and all shares have equal rights in the Company. 
The shares are registered in VPS under ISIN NO0010317811.  
 
Geveran Trading Co. Ltd. owns of 100% of the shares in the Company (other than treasury shares 
held by the Company itself). Geveran Trading Co. Ltd. is indirectly controlled by trusts established 
by Mr. John Fredriksen. There are no measures in place to ensure that such control is not abused, 
and there are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent 
date result in a change of control of the Company.

--- Page 27 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 27 of 42 
 
9. Financial information concerning the Issuer's assets and 
liabilities, financial position and profits and losses 
The consolidated financial statements of Norwegian Property ASA have been prepared in accordance 
with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU and effective at 31 
December 2020, and additional requirements pursuant to the Norwegian Accounting Act at 31 
December 2020. The interim reports are prepared in accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial 
Reporting. 
The financial information of Norwegian Property ASA is incorporated by reference. Please see the 
cross-reference list in section 12 in this Base Prospectus: 
 
Norwegian Property ASA 
Group 
Group 
Group 
Group 
  
2020 
2019 
Q3 2021 
Q3 2020 
  
audited 
audited 
unaudited 
unaudited 
Income statement 
Page 19 
Page 18 
Page 10 
Page 12 
Balance sheet 
Page 20 
Page 19 
Page 11 
Page 13 
Cash flow statement 
Page 21 
Page 20 
Page 12 
Page 14 
Notes 
Page 22 - 53 
Page 21 - 51 
Page 13 - 22 
Page 15 - 26 
Accounting principles 
Page 22 - 28 
Page 21 - 27 
Page 13 
Page 15 
Auditors report 
Page 69 - 73 
Page 66 - 70 
- 
- 
 
2020: https://www.norwegianproperty.no/wp-
content/uploads/2021/03/2020.12.31_Annual_Report_NPRO_2020.pdf  
2019: https://www.norwegianproperty.no/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/2019.12.31_Annual-
report_2019_english_final.pdf 
Q3 2021: https://www.norwegianproperty.no/wp-
content/uploads/2021/10/2021.09.30_Interim_Report_Q3_2021-final.pdf  
Q3 2020: https://www.norwegianproperty.no/wp-
content/uploads/2020/10/2020.09.30_Interim_Report_Q3_2020_final.pdf  
 
The historical financial information for 2020 and 2019 has been audited. The historical financial 
information for the interim reports has not been audited.  
 
OTHER STATEMENTS FOR THE COMPANY 
Financial statements and trend information 
There are no significant changes in the financial position of the Group which may have occurred since 
the end of the last financial period for which either audited financial information or interim financial 
information have been published. 
There are no recent events in particular to the Company which are to a material extent relevant to 
an evaluation of the Company’s solvency. 
The Company issued its first Green Bond in June 2021. The amount was NOK 650 million and 
refinanced a RCF in SEB. The Green Bond framework received a Medium Green rating from Cicero. 
A number of financing activities were carried out in the third quarter 2021. Two new bond loans have 
been established, several extensions of existing bond loans have been made and several bonds have 
been repurchased. The changes related to the bond loans in the third quarter have released a net of 
NOK 636 million in cash and cash equivalents.

--- Page 28 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 28 of 42 
 
 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Company since the date of its 
last published audited financial statements or any significant change in the financial performance of 
the Group since the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published 
to the date of the Base Prospectus.  
Other than the covid-19 pandemic referred to in section 1 of this Base Prospectus, there are no 
known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably likely to have a 
material effect on the Company’s prospects for at least the current financial year.  
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Company is aware), during a period covering at least the 
previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the 
Company’s and/or Group's financial position or profitability.

--- Page 29 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 29 of 42 
 
10. Documents on display 
For the term of the Base Prospectus the following documents, where applicable, may be inspected: 
 
• 
the up to date memorandum and articles of association of the Company;  
 
 
• 
all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any 
expert at the Company’s request any part of which is included or referred to in the Base 
Prospectus. 
 
The documents may be inspected at the Company’s website: www.norwegianproperty.no.

--- Page 30 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 30 of 42 
 
11. Financial instruments that can be issued under the 
Base Prospectus 
This chapter describes the types of financial instruments that can be linked to this Base Prospectus. 
A 
Bond 
is 
a 
financial 
instrument 
as 
defined 
in 
Norwegian 
Securities 
Trading 
Act’s 
(Verdipapirhandellovens) § 2-2. 
 
11.1 
SECURITIE TYPE 
Bonds are debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to the applicable Bond Terms, including 
any Additional Bonds. 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the central securities depository 
(CSD).  Any restrictions on the free transferability of the securities will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
11.2 
THE BONDS TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
11.2.1 Bond Terms and Legislation 
The Bond Terms will be entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. The Bond Terms 
regulates the Bondholder’s rights and obligations in relations with the issue. The Bond Trustee enters 
into the agreement on behalf of the Bondholders and is granted authority to act on behalf of the 
Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Bond Terms. 
When bonds are subscribed/purchased, the Bondholder has accepted the Bond Terms and is bound 
by the terms of the Bond Terms. 
 
Information regarding bondholders, bondholders’ meeting and the Bondholder’s right to vote are 
described in the Bond Terms clause 7 and 8. Information regarding the role of the Bond Trustee will 
be described in the Bond Terms clause 9. 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms for each Bond issue and will available through 
the Issuer's website: www.norwegianproperty.no.  
Norwegian Property ASA is subject to the laws of Norway, including the Public Limited Companies 
Act. The Bond Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law. 
 
11.2.2 Outstanding bonds 
The bond issues may either be an open bond issue or closed for increasing the outstanding amount.  
Outstanding Bonds means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. The Initial Bond Issue 
and Maximum Issue Amount will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
If Maximum Issue Amount is applicable the Issuer may subsequently issue Additional Bonds on one 
or more occasions (each a “Tap Issue”) until the Nominal Amount of all Additional Bonds equals in 
aggregate the Maximum Issue Amount less the Initial Bond Issue. The Issuer may, upon written 
confirmation from the Bond Trustee, increase the Maximum Issue Amount. Tap Issues must take 
place no later than five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.

--- Page 31 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 31 of 42 
 
11.2.3 Payments in respect of the Bonds 
On the Repayment Date the Issuer shall pay in respect of each Bond the Nominal Amount multiplied 
by the Redemption Price, unless otherwise stated in the Bond Terms, to the Bondholders. The 
Repayment Date will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer may have the option to early redeem the Bonds (Call). The terms for early redemption 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Bondholders may also have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the 
Bonds held by that Bondholder (Put). The specific terms will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Bonds will either be fixed rate bonds or floating rate bonds. On each Interest Payment Date the 
Issuer shall in arrears pay the accrued Interest Rate amount to the Bondholders. The specific terms 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Matured interest and matured principal will be credited each Bondholder directly from the CSD for 
interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation 
Period Claims of May 18 1979 no 18, p.t. 3 years for interest rates and 10 years for principal. 
 
11.2.4 Bonds with fixed rate 
Bonds with a fixed interest rate shall bear interest at the percentage (%) set out in the Final Terms. 
Each Outstanding Bond will accrue interest at the Interest Rate on the Nominal Amount for each 
Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the Interest Period (or the Issue Date, 
for the first Interest Period), and ending on but excluding the last date of the Interest Period.  
The interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve months of 30 
days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number of days elapsed (30/360-days 
basis), unless: 
i) 
the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st calendar day but the first day of 
that Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30–day month; 
or  
ii) 
the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last calendar day in February, in 
which case February shall not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
The Interest Rate and the Interest Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
11.2.5 Bonds with floating rate 
Bonds with floating rate shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate + Margin 
as set out in the Final Terms. Any interpolation will be quoted with the number of decimals 
corresponding to the quoted number of decimals of the Reference Rate. If the Interest Rate becomes 
negative, the Interest Rate shall be deemed to be zero.  
Each Outstanding Bond will accrue interest at the Interest Rate on the Nominal Amount for each 
Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the Interest Period (or the Issue Date, 
for the first Interest Period), and ending on but excluding the last date of the Interest Period. The 
Interest Rate shall be adjusted by the Bond Trustee on each Interest Quotation Date during the term 
of the Bonds. 
The interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis).

--- Page 32 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 32 of 42 
 
The Reference Rate, Margin, Interest Period and the current Interest Rate will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
11.2.6 Use of proceeds 
The Issuer will use the net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds for its general corporate 
purposes. The Issuer may also use the net proceeds for other purposes.  
The specific use of proceeds including the net proceeds from the issue will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If the Bonds are classified as “Green Bond” the net proceeds from the issue will be used to finance 
or re-finance eligible projects that have been evaluated and selected by Norwegian Property in 
accordance with the Green Bond Framework covering the Green Bond Principle categories: Green 
buildings, Energy efficiency, Pollution prevention and control, and Clean energy. Refinancing of 
eligible projects will have a look-back period of no longer than January 1st, 2015. Initially, the net 
proceeds will mainly be used for refinancing with emphasis on capital investments in the Green 
buildings category and associated elements of Energy efficiency, Pollution prevention and control and 
Clean energy. None of the eligible projects will use fossil fuels for heating or cooling, but some will 
contain activities (e.g. restaurants) using propane. However, a failure to comply with the green bond 
framework shall not constitute an event of default as described in the relevant Bond Terms. 
The Issuer’s green bond framework is available at: 
https://www.norwegianproperty.no/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/Norwegian-Property-Green-
Bond-Framework-Final-2020.08.04.pdf 10  
To secure alignment with national and international guidelines, Norwegian Property has engaged 
Cicero to act as an external verifier of its Green Bond Framework and the Eligible Projects. Cicero 
has rated the Norwegian Property’s green bond framework "CICERO Medium Green". Cicero’s Second 
Opinion is available at: 
https://www.norwegianproperty.no/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/Cicero-Second-Opinion-NPRO-
Final-2020.08.04.pdf 10 
 
11.2.7 Status 
The Issuer’s payment obligations under the Bond Terms shall rank ahead of all subordinated payment 
obligations of the Issuer and shall rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer, 
save for obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law. The Bonds shall rank pari passu between 
themselves. 
If other statuses, it will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
11.2.8 Security 
The Bonds may either be unsecured or secured. The level of any security will be described in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
 
10 Disclaimer - the information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus

--- Page 33 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 33 of 42 
 
 
11.2.9 Approvals 
The specific Bond issues will be subject to approval by the Issuer's Board. The date of the decision 
will be stated in the Final Terms. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by Finanstilsynet, as the competent authority in accordance 
with the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The applicable Final Terms will be submitted to Finanstilsynet – prospekter@finanstilsynet.no - for 
information in connection with an application for listing of a new Bond issue, or a Tap Issue in an 
already listed Bond.  
 
 
11.2.10 Fees, Expenses and Tax legislation 
The prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including a template for the Final Terms is NOK 104,000. 
In addition, there will be a listing fee for listing of the Bonds in accordance with the current price list 
of the Exchange. The listing fees will be specified in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees accruing in connection with issuance of 
the Bonds or the Security Documents, but not in respect of trading of the Bonds in the secondary 
market (except to the extent required by applicable laws), and the Issuer shall deduct before 
payment to the Bondholders at source any applicable withholding tax payable pursuant to law. At 
the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no withholding tax on bonds in Norway.  
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may 
have an impact on the income received from the securities. 
 
11.2.11 Rating  
The Issuer has no official rating. 
 
11.3 
DEFINITIONS 
This section includes a summary of the definitions set out in any Bond Terms as well as certain other 
definitions relevant for the Prospectus. If these definitions at any point in time no longer represents 
the correct understanding of the definitions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
Additional Bonds: 
Means any Bonds issued under a Tap Issue.  
 
Bond Terms: 
The Bond Terms including any attachments hereto, and any 
subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the 
parties hereto. 
 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms.  
 
Bond Trustee: 
The company designated as such in the preamble to the Bond 
Terms, or any successor, acting for and on behalf of the 
Bondholders in accordance with the Bond Terms.  
 
The Bond Trustee, being Nordic Trustee AS, Postboks 1470 Vika, 
0116 Oslo.

--- Page 34 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 34 of 42 
 
Bondholder: 
A person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered 
owner or nominee holder of a Bond, subject however to the 
Clause for Bondholders’ rights in the Bond Terms. 
 
Bondholders’ Meeting: 
Meeting of Bondholders as set forth in the Clause Bondholders’ 
decisions in the Bond Terms. 
 
Bonds: 
The debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Bond 
Terms, including any Additional Bonds. 
 
Business Day: 
Any day on which the CSD settlement system is open and the 
relevant currency settlement system is open. 
 
Business Day Convention: 
Means that: 
a) If Modified Following Business Day is specified (FRN), 
the Interest Period will be extended to include the first 
following Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will 
be shortened to the first preceding Business Day.  
b) If No Adjustment is specified (Fixed Rate), no 
adjustment will be made to the Interest Period. 
 
Business Day Convention will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Calculation Agent: 
For Bonds with a Bond Trustee, the Bond Trustee will be the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
The Calculation Agent will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Call: 
The Issuer may have the option to early redeem the Bonds.  
 
If exercising a Call, the Issuer shall at the relevant date 
indicated pay to the Bondholders the Nominal Amount of the 
Bonds to be redeemed multiplied by the relevant price on the 
redeemed Bonds. 
 
Exercise of Call shall be notified by the Issuer to the Bond 
Trustee at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the relevant Call 
Date. Partial exercise of Call shall be carried out pro rata 
between the Bonds (according to the procedures in the CSD). 
 
The terms for early redemption will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Change of Control Event: 
If any person or group (as such term is defined in the Norwegian 
Limited Liability Companies Act §1-3), other than:

--- Page 35 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 35 of 42 
 
a) Geveran Trading Co Ltd, or any other entity directly or 
indirectly controlled by trusts established by Mr. John 
Fredriksen or his immediate family for the benefit of his 
immediate family, or  
b) any entity where an entity as mentioned in item a) holds 
50% or more of the outstanding shares and/or voting rights, 
 
becomes the owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of 
the outstanding shares and/or voting rights of the Issuer. 
 
CSD: 
The central securities depository in which the Bonds are 
registered. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the following 
Securities Depository will be used: Norwegian Central Securities 
Depository (“Verdipapirsentralen” or “VPS”), P.O. Box 4, 0051 
Oslo. 
 
Currency: 
The currency in which the Bond is denominated. 
 
Currency will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Day Count Convention: 
The convention for calculation of payment of interest shall be: 
 
a) If Fixed Rate, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of 
a 360-day year comprised of twelve months of 30 days each 
and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number of 
days 
elapsed 
(30/360-days 
basis), 
unless: 
 
i) the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st 
calendar day but the first day of that Interest Period is 
a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in 
which case the month that includes that last day shall 
not be shortened to a 30–day month; or  
ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last 
calendar day in February, in which case February shall 
not 
be 
lengthened 
to 
a 
30-day 
month. 
 
b) If FRN, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-
days basis). 
 
Day Count Convention will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Exchange: 
Shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Clause Main 
terms of the Bonds in the Bond Terms, setting out the exchange

--- Page 36 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 36 of 42 
 
or other recognized marketplace for securities, on which the 
Issuer has, or has applied for, listing of the Bonds. 
 
The relevant Exchange, if any, will be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
Fixed Rate: 
Means if the Interest Rate is stated in percentage (%). 
 
FRN: 
Means if the Interest Rate is stated as Reference Rate + Margin. 
 
 
Group: 
Means the Issuer and its subsidiaries. 
 
Interest Period: 
Means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention, the periods set out in the Clause Main terms 
of the Bonds in the Bond Terms, provided however that an 
Interest Period shall not extend beyond the Maturity Date. 
 
The Interest Period will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Interest Rate: 
Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; 
a) If Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall bear interest at the percentage 
(%). 
b) If FRN, the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum 
equal to the Reference Rate + Margin. 
Any interpolation will be quoted with the number of decimals 
corresponding to the quoted number of decimals of the 
Reference Rate. If the Interest Rate becomes negative, the 
Interest Rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
 
The Interest Rate will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Interest Payment Date: 
Means the last day of each Interest Period. 
 
Interest Quotation Date: 
Means, in relation to any period for which an Interest Rate is to 
be determined, the day falling two (2) Business Days before the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
 
ISIN: 
International Securities Identification Number for the Bond. 
 
ISIN will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Issue Price: 
The price in percentage of the Initial Nominal Amount to be paid 
by the Bondholders at the applicable Issue Date. 
 
Issue Price will be specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 37 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 37 of 42 
 
Issuer: 
Norwegian Property ASA, a company existing under the laws of 
Norway with registration number 988 622 036 and LEI-code 
5967007LIEEXZXGQFS44. 
 
Issuer’s Bonds: 
Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party who has decisive 
influence over the Issuer, or any party over whom the Issuer 
has decisive influence. 
 
LEI-code: 
Legal Entity Identifier, a unique 20-character code that 
identifies legal entities that engage in financial transactions. 
 
Listing: 
Listing of Bonds takes place on the basis of this Base 
Prospectus, any supplement(s) to this Base Prospectus and the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
For Bonds that will be applied for listing on Oslo Børs, listing will 
take place no earlier than the day after the first Issue Date. 
Applications for admission to trading shall apply to all bonds 
belonging to the same issue. In the event of a tap issue, the tap 
issue will automatically be admitted to trading as soon as Oslo 
Børs is informed of the change in outstanding volume. 
 
Bonds listed on Oslo Børs are freely negotiable. 
 
Manager(s):  
Manager(s) of Bond issues.  
 
The Manager(s) will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Margin: 
Means, if FRN, the margin of the Interest Rate. The provisions 
regarding Margin do not apply for Fixed Rate. 
 
Margin will be specified in the Final terms.  
 
Market Making:  
For bonds listed on Oslo Børs or other Exchanges, a market 
making agreement may be entered into. 
 
Agreement on market making will be stated in the Final Terms. 
 
Maturity Date:  
Means the date where the Outstanding Bonds are paid in full, 
adjusted according to the Business Day Convention. 
 
The Maturity Date will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
NA: 
Means that the provision to which NA is designated is not 
applicable.  
 
NIBOR: 
Means the Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate, being

--- Page 38 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 38 of 42 
 
a) the interest rate fixed for a period comparable to the 
relevant Interest Period published by Global Rate Set 
Systems (GRSS) at approximately 12.00 (Oslo time) on the 
Interest Quotation Day; or  
b) if paragraph a) above is not available for the relevant 
Interest Period; 
(i) 
the linear interpolation between the two closest 
relevant interest periods, and with the same number 
of decimals, quoted under paragraph a) above; or 
(ii) a rate for deposits in the relevant currency for the 
relevant Interest Period as supplied by 1-2 banks 
with operations in Oslo with considerable loan 
portfolio in NOK; or 
c) if the interest rate under paragraph a) is no longer available, 
the interest rate will be set by the Bond Trustee in 
consultation with the Issuer to: 
(i) 
any relevant replacement reference rate generally 
accepted in the market; or  
(ii) such interest rate that best reflects the interest rate 
for deposits in NOK offered for the relevant Interest 
Period. 
 
Information about the past and the future performance of the 
NIBOR 
and 
its 
volatility 
can 
be 
obtained 
at: 
https://most.referanserenter.no/nibor-rates.html     
Rates are available for free for the past 90 days – for more 
information a subscription is required. 
 
If other Reference Rates than NIBOR is specified in the Final 
Terms or the definition of NIBOR is changed, then the applicable 
Reference Rate, the relevant screen page, the specified time, 
information about the and future performance and volatility of 
the Reference Rate and any fallback provisions will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Nominal Amount: 
Means the Initial Nominal Amount less the aggregate amount 
by which each Bond has been partially redeemed. 
 
Initial Nominal Amount will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Outstanding Bonds: 
Means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. 
 
Paying Agent: 
The legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying 
agent with respect to the Bonds in the CSD. 
 
The Paying Agent will be specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 39 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 39 of 42 
 
Payment Date: 
Means any Interest Payment Date or any Repayment Date.  
 
Put: 
The Bondholders may have the right to require that the Issuer 
purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder. 
 
If exercising a Put, the Issuer shall at the relevant date indicated 
under Put pay to the Bondholders the Nominal Amount of the 
Bonds to be redeemed multiplied by the relevant price on the 
redeemed Bonds. 
 
The specific Put terms will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Redemption Price: 
The price determined as a percentage in respect of each Bond 
the Nominal Amount to which the bond issue is to be redeemed 
at the Maturity Date. 
 
Redemption Price will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Reference Rate: 
For FRN bonds the Reference Rate will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If NA is specified, Reference Rate does 
not apply. 
 
Repayment Date: 
Means any date for payment of instalments, payment of any 
Call or the Maturity Date, or any other days of repayments of 
Bonds.  
 
Tap Issue: 
Shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Clause Tap 
Issues in the Bond Terms. If NA is specified in respect of 
Maximum Issue Amount no Tap Issues may be made under the 
Bond Terms. Otherwise, Tap Issues shall be allowed on the 
terms set out in the Clause Tap Issues in the Bond Terms. 
 
Maximum Issue Amount will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Yield: 
Depending on the market rate for bonds with floating interest 
rates. The Yield for the applicable interest period can be 
determined when the interest rate is known. 
 
For bonds with a fixed interest rate, the Yield is determined 
based on the bond interest rate and the number of Interest 
Payment Dates. 
 
The yield is calculated in accordance with «Anbefaling til 
Konvensjoner 
for 
det 
norske 
sertifikat- 
og 
obligasjonsmarkedet» prepared by Norske Finansanalytikeres 
Forening in January 2020.

--- Page 40 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 40 of 42 
 
https://www.finansanalytiker.no/wp-
content/uploads/2020/02/Rentekonvensjon-pr-januar-2020-
v2.pdf. 
 
Yield will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
11.4 
FINAL TERMS 
 
A template for the Final Terms is attached to this Base Prospectus - see appendix 1.

--- Page 41 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 41 of 42 
 
12. Cross reference list 
In section 7 of this Base Prospectus information regarding related-party disclosure is incorporated 
by reference to note 12 in the Q3 Interim Report 2021 and note 25 in the Annual Report 2020. 
In section 9 of this Base Prospectus, the financial information is incorporated by reference to the 
following: 
• 
Information concerning the Company’s 2020 figures is incorporated by reference from the 
Company’s Annual Report 2020.  
• 
Information concerning the Company’s 2019 figures is incorporated by reference from the 
Company’s Annual Report 2019. 
• 
Information concerning the Company’s third quarter 2021 figures is incorporated by 
reference from the Company’s third quarter 2021 Interim report. 
• 
Information concerning the Company’s third quarter 2020 figures is incorporated by 
reference from the Company’s third quarter 2020 Interim report. 
 
The Company’s financial reports are available at: 
2020: https://www.norwegianproperty.no/wp-
content/uploads/2021/03/2020.12.31_Annual_Report_NPRO_2020.pdf  
2019: https://www.norwegianproperty.no/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/2019.12.31_Annual-
report_2019_english_final.pdf 
Q3 2021: https://www.norwegianproperty.no/wp-
content/uploads/2021/10/2021.09.30_Interim_Report_Q3_2021-final.pdf  
Q3 2020: https://www.norwegianproperty.no/wp-
content/uploads/2020/10/2020.09.30_Interim_Report_Q3_2020_final.pdf

--- Page 42 ---
Norwegian Property ASA – 26.01.2022 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 42 of 42 
 
13. Appendix 
 
• 
Final Terms template

--- Page 43 ---
Norwegian Property ASA - xx.xx.20xx 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Terms 
 
 
 
[Loan name] 
  
ISIN [●]

--- Page 44 ---
Norwegian Property ASA - xx.xx.20xx 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
2 
 
These Final Terms have been prepared in according to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Final Terms 
together with the Base Prospectus for Norwegian Property ASA dated 26.01.2022 and any 
supplements to the Base Prospectus constitute a Prospectus for [ISIN] - [Loan name]. The Prospectus 
contains complete information about the Issuer and the Bonds. The Base Prospectus, any 
supplements 
and 
the 
Final 
Terms 
are/will 
be 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website: 
https://norwegianproperty.no

--- Page 45 ---
Norwegian Property ASA - xx.xx.20xx 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
3 
 
1. SUMMARY 
 
Summaries are made up of disclosure requirements due to Article 7 in the REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 OF 
THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL of 14 June 2017. 
 
A - INTRODUCTION AND WARNINGS 
Warning 
This summary should be read as introduction to the Prospectus. Any 
decision to invest in the securities should be based on consideration of 
the Prospectus as a whole by the investor. The investor could lose all 
or part of the invested capital. Where a claim relating to the 
information contained in the Prospectus is brought before a court, the 
plaintiff investor might, under the national law, have to bear the costs 
of translating the Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. 
Civil liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled the 
summary including any translation thereof, but only where the 
summary is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent, when read together 
with the other parts of the Prospectus, or where it does not provide, 
when read together with the other parts of the Prospectus, key 
information in order to aid investors when considering whether to 
invest in such securities. 
The Bonds 
ISIN: [●] – [Name] 
The Issuer 
Norwegian Property ASA is a Norwegian public limited liability 
company domiciled in Norway and existing under the laws of Norway, 
including the Public Limited Companies Act. The Company’s 
registration 
number 
988 622 036 
and 
LEI-code 
549300XAKTM2BMKIPT85.   
The Offeror 
Not applicable. There is no offeror, the Base Prospectus has been 
produced in connection with listing of the securities on an Exchange. 
The Issuer is going to ask for admission to trading on a regulated 
market. 
Competent Authority 
Approving the Prospectus. 
The 
Financial 
Supervisory 
Authority 
of 
Norway 
(Norwegian: 
Finanstilsynet), with registration number 840 747 972 and registered 
address at Revierstredet 3, 0151 Oslo, Norway, and with telephone 
number +47 22 93 98 00 has reviewed and on 26.01.2022, approved 
the Base Prospectus. 
 
B - KEY INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER 
Who is the issuer of the securities? 
Corporate Information 
Norwegian Property ASA is a Norwegian public limited liability 
company domiciled in Norway and existing under the laws of Norway, 
including the Public Limited Companies Act. The Company’s 
registration 
number 
988 622 036 
and 
LEI-code 
549300XAKTM2BMKIPT85.   
Website: www.norwegianproperty.no    
Principal activities 
Norwegian Property’s primary business is the ownership and 
management of commercial properties in the Oslo region. Norwegian 
Property ASA is the parent company in the Group with limited activity 
other than being the ultimate holding company. Each property is 
owned by a subsidiary, while the Group’s debt is gathered in the 
parent company. 
Major Shareholders 
Norwegian Property ASA is owned by Geveran Trading Co Ltd.  
Key managing directors 
Bent Oustad - CEO 
Haavard Rønning - CFO 
Bjørge Aarvold - EVP Property Management 
Ellen Cathrine Kobro - EVP Marketing

--- Page 46 ---
Norwegian Property ASA - xx.xx.20xx 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
4 
 
Sindre Kornrud – EVP Development 
Thomas Weeden - EVP Business Development & Strategy 
Statutory auditor  
The Company’s auditor is PricewaterhouseCoopers AS, Dronning 
Eufemias gate 71, 0194 Oslo, Norway. Post address: P.O. Box 748 
Sentrum, NO-0106 Oslo, Norway. PwC is a member of Den Norske 
Revisorforeningen 
og 
autorisert 
regnskapsførerselskap 
(The 
Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants).    
What is the key financial information regarding the Issuer? 
 
Norwegian Property ASA 
 
 
 
 
Group 
Group 
Group 
Group 
INCOME STATEMENT 
  
2020 
2019 
Q3 2021 
Q3 2020 
(Amounts in NOK million) 
 
audited 
audited 
unaudited 
unaudited 
Operating profit 
 
    2 437,7  
    1 438,1  
       496,5  
       481,5  
Profit for the year/period 
 
    1 675,9  
    1 006,7  
       326,1  
       342,0  
 
 
  
  
  
  
BALANCE SHEET 
 
  
  
  
  
Net financial debt (long term debt plus short 
term debt minus cash) 
 
11 431,2 
    9 219,4  
 11 408,2 
    8 582,7  
 
 
  
  
  
  
CASH FLOW STATEMENT 
 
  
  
  
  
Net cash flow from operating activites 
 
    1 007,8  
       354,9  
       350,8  
       113,4  
Net cash flow from investment activites 
 
   (6 217,5) 
       271,7  
       (78,4) 
   (1 042,0) 
Net cash flow from financing activities 
 
    5 593,7  
     (469,4) 
       371,3  
    1 009,6  
 
 
 
 
 
 
What are the key risk factors that are specific to the Issuer? 
Most 
material 
key 
risk 
factors 
• 
The Company is exposed to the economic cycle and macro 
economical fluctuations, since changes in the general economic 
situation could affect rent levels, vacancies and the value of the 
Company’s assets.  
• 
Negative changes in the general economic situation, leading to 
lower 
business 
and 
private 
spending 
and 
increased 
unemployment, may adversely affect the demand for renting 
commercial properties or buying a new house or apartment. 
• 
The financial status and strength of the Group’s tenants, and thus 
their ability to service the rent etc. will always be a decisive factor 
when evaluating the risk of a property company.  
• 
The Group’s financial position, including its financial leverage may 
have several adverse consequences. 
• 
Norwegian Property is to a large extent financed by debt and will 
be exposed to interest rate fluctuations. 
 
 
C - KEY INFORMATION ON THE SECURITIES 
What are the main features of the securities? 
Description of the securities, 
including ISIN 
[●] 
Rights 
attached 
to 
the 
securities 
[●] 
Status of the bonds and 
security 
[●] 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability 
of 
the 
securities 
[Not applicable – there are no restrictions on the free transferability of 
the Bonds.] / [Other: specify]

--- Page 47 ---
Norwegian Property ASA - xx.xx.20xx 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
5 
 
 
Where will the securities be traded? 
Admission to trading 
[●] 
What are the key risks that are specific to the securities? 
Most material key risks 
• 
Interest rate risk 
• 
Market risk 
• 
Security 
 
D - KEY INFORMATION ON THE ADMISSION TO TRADING ON A REGULATED MARKED 
Under which conditions and timetable can I invest in this security? 
Terms and conditions for the 
offer 
Not applicable. The Bonds have not been subject to a public offer. 
Why is the Prospectus being produced? 
Admission to trading 
The Prospectus is produced in connection with listing of Bonds on the 
Exchange. 
Use of proceeds 
[●] 
Material conflicts of interest 
[●]

--- Page 48 ---
Norwegian Property ASA - xx.xx.20xx 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
6 
 
2. INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SECURITIES 
 
 
Main terms of the Bonds: 
 
ISIN:   
 
 
[ISIN]. 
 
The Bonds/The Bond Issue:  
[Name of the bond]. 
 
Issuer: 
Norwegian Property ASA, a company existing under the laws of 
Norway with registration number 988 622 036 and LEI-code 
5967007LIEEXZXGQFS44. 
 
Security Type:  
[Unsecured/Secured] [Open] [Green] Bond Issue with 
[fixed/floating] rate. 
 
Securities Form: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.1.  
 
Maximum Issue Amount: 
[Currency] [Maximum Issue Amount/ NA]. 
 
Initial Bond Issue  
/ [x. Tranche]:  
 
[Currency] [Initial Bond Issue / [●]. Tranche]. 
 
Outstanding Amount:  
[Currency] [Total outstanding amount]. 
 
Initial Nominal Amount: 
[Currency] [Initial Nominal Amount] – each and among themselves 
pari passu ranking. 
Nominal Amount as defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Issue Price: 
[Issue Price] % (par value). 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Issue Date: 
  
 
[Issue Date [Initial Bond Issue / [●]. tranche]]. 
 
Redemption Price: 
[Redemption Price] % 
 
 
 
 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Maturity Date:  
 
[Maturity Date]. 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
 
Interest rate: 
 
Interest Bearing from:   
[Issue Date] / [Other: specify].    
 
Interest Rate:   
 
[FRN: Reference Rate + Margin 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.5 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
[Fixed Rate: [●]% p.a 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.4 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[FRN: NIBOR as defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3  
/ Other: specify.]  
[Fixed Rate: NA]

--- Page 49 ---
Norwegian Property ASA - xx.xx.20xx 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
7 
 
 
Margin:  
 
 
[FRN: [●]% p.a 
 
 
 
 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3] 
[Fixed Rate: NA] 
  
Current Interest: 
 
[●]%  
  
Interest Period:  
[FRN: The period between [date], [date], [date] and [date] each 
year.]  
[Fixed Rate: [date(s)] each year] 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Interest Payment Date: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
  
Interest Quotation Date:  
[FRN: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.]  
[Fixed Rate: NA]. 
 
Day Count Convention: 
[FRN: Actual/360.]  
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.5 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
[Fixed Rate: 30/360.] 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.4 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
  
Business Day Convention: 
[FRN: Modified Following Business Day.]  
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.5 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
[Fixed Rate: No Adjustment.] 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.4 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
 
Business Day: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Yield:   
 
 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
[FRN: specify]  
[Fixed Rate: specify] 
 
The Bonds purpose, status and security:  
 
Use of procceds: 
[Insert “Use of proceeds” including net proceeds in amount] 
 
 
 
Status: 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.7.] 
 
[Other: specify] 
 
Security: 
[Insert the level of the bonds “security” including any definitions 
defining the security] 
 
Redemption: 
 
Maturity: 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.3] 
 
[Other: specify] 
 
Redemption: 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.3.]

--- Page 50 ---
Norwegian Property ASA - xx.xx.20xx 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
8 
 
Call/Put: 
[NA] / [As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.3. and defined 
in section 11.3] 
[Terms of the Call/Put] 
 
[Other: specify] 
 
Listing: 
 
Listing/Exchange: 
[Oslo Børs.] / 
[Other: specify] 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.] 
 
Market Making: 
[There is no market-making agreement entered into in connection 
with the Bond issue.] /  
[Other: specify] 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.] 
 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the Bonds: 
[There are no restrictions on the free transferability of the Bonds.] /  
[Other: specify] 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.1. and defined under 
«Listing» in section 11.3] 
 
Other information: 
 
Approvals: 
[The Bonds were issued in accordance with the Issuers Board 
approval [date].] 
[Other: specify] 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.9. 
 
 
Bond Terms:  
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.1 and defined in 
section 11.3.] 
[The Bond Terms is attached to this Final Terms.] 
 
Documentation: 
Availability of the Documentation: www.norwegianproperty.no 
 
Bond Trustee: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.1 and defined in 11.3. 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[FRN: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3] /  
[Other: specify]  
[Fixed Rate: NA] 
 
Manager(s): 
[Insert name and adress of the manager]  
 
Paying Agent: 
[Insert name and adress of the paying agent]. 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
 
 
CSD: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.]. 
[Other: specify] 
 
Legislation under which the  
Bonds have been created: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.1. 
 
Fees, Expenses and Tax  
legislation: 
 
 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.10. 
  
[Specify the issuers cost in relation to the issue/listing].

--- Page 51 ---
Norwegian Property ASA - xx.xx.20xx 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
9 
 
3. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
Rating 
[Neither the Issuer nor the Bonds are rated. 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
[in case there is any interest, including a conflict of interest that is material to the issue state this – 
otherwise delete this section] 
[Interests and conflicts of interest 
[Specify the interest including any conflicting interest in the issue.]] 
 
Manager for the issuance 
Norwegian Property ASA has mandated [Manager(s)] as Manager[s] for the issuance of the Bonds. 
The Manager[s] has acted as advisor to Norwegian Property ASA in relation to the pricing of the 
Bonds.    
 
The Manager[s] and/or any of their affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees 
may be a market maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this 
Final Terms and may perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to 
such instruments. The Manager[s] corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager 
for this Issuer in private and/or public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly 
known. 
 
[in case there is a market value report prepared – otherwise delete this section] 
[The property valuer  
On behalf of the Norwegian Property ASA, [The property valuer], conducted an independent valuation 
of the Property, see the attached valuation. 
 
Advisors: [●] 
Registered address: [●] 
E-post: [●] 
 
Background (advisor’s qualifications): [●] 
 
Interests of the Issuer: [●] 
 
The information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
We hereby confirm that Norwegian Property ASA can use the valuation in connection with bond 
financing of properties. The valuation is prepared in connection with the presentation of accounts 
and is not valid without the associated valuation note. 
 
The property valuer]

--- Page 52 ---
Norwegian Property ASA - xx.xx.20xx 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
10 
 
4. APPENDIX 
 
• 
Bond Terms 
• 
[Tap Issue Addendum x.Tranche ] 
• 
[Estimation of value of the Property]