--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
In accessing the attached base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") you agree to be bound by the 
following terms and conditions. 
The information contained in the Base Prospectus may be addressed to and/or targeted at persons who are 
residents of particular countries only as specified in the Base Prospectus and is not intended for use, and 
should not be relied upon, by any person outside those countries. Prior to relying on the information 
contained in the Base Prospectus, you must ascertain from the Base Prospectus whether or not you 
are an intended addressee of, and eligible to view, the information contained therein. 
The Base Prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer to sell or the 
solicitation of an offer to buy securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction in which such offer, 
solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration, exemption from registration or qualification 
under the securities law of any such jurisdiction. 
The securities described in the Base Prospectus have not been and will not be registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority 
of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may include covered bonds in bearer form that 
are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, such securities may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")). The securities described in the Base Prospectus 
will only be offered in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance upon Regulation S. 
For a more complete description of restrictions on offers and sales of the securities described in the Base 
Prospectus, see pages v to vii and the section "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 2 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
NORDEA MORTGAGE BANK PLC 
(Incorporated with limited liability in Finland) 
€25,000,000,000  
Covered Bond Programme 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc (Nordea Kiinnitysluottopankki Oyj) ("Nordea Mortgage Bank" or the "Issuer") has 
established a €25,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme (the "Programme"). Any Covered Bonds (as defined below) 
issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions described 
herein. 
The Issuer may from time to time issue covered bonds (the "Covered Bonds") under the Finnish Covered Bond Act 
(Laki kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010), as amended (the "CBA") denominated in any currency as may be 
agreed with the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). Covered Bonds issued pursuant to the Programme may include 
Covered Bonds issued in bearer form ("Bearer Covered Bonds") or in registered form ("Registered Covered Bonds"). 
Covered Bonds issued pursuant to the Programme may include dematerialised Covered Bonds designated as "Finnish 
Covered Bonds" in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as defined below). The maximum amount of all 
Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding will not exceed €25,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at 
the time of agreement to issue, subject as further set out herein). For the purposes of calculating amounts outstanding 
under the Programme, all calculations will be made in euro. 
The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme (other than Exempt Covered Bonds (as defined herein)) will have a 
denomination of at least €100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency. 
The Covered Bonds will be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the principal dealers specified herein and 
any additional dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue 
or on an ongoing basis (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"). 
Investing in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that 
may affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Covered Bonds are discussed under "Risk 
Factors" below. 
  
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 29 April 2021 
 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
 
 
Dealers 
 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Credit Suisse 
Commerzbank 
Deutsche Bank 
DZ BANK AG  
Goldman Sachs 
International 
HSBC 
Landesbank Baden-
Württemberg 
Natixis  
 
Nordea 
NORD/LB 
Société Générale  
Corporate & 
Investment  
Banking  
UBS Investment Bank  
UniCredit

--- Page 3 ---
10179003283-v33 
- iii - 
70-41013180 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central 
Bank") as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). The 
Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Covered Bonds that are the subject of 
this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Covered Bonds. Such approval relates only to Covered Bonds issued under the Programme within 12 
months after the date hereof which are admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of the 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (2014/65/EU), as amended or replaced from time to time ("EU 
MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic 
Area (the "EEA") in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Covered 
Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID II in the 
EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available 
under Articles 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to 
"Exempt Covered Bonds" are to Covered Bonds for which no prospectus is required to be published under 
the EU Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank has neither approved nor reviewed information contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Covered Bonds. 
Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") 
for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme (other than Exempt Covered Bonds (as defined herein)) to 
be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and to trading on its regulated market. 
The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID II. Such 
approval relates only to the Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for 
the purposes of EU MiFID II. 
The Programme also permits Covered Bonds to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to 
be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock 
exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
Notice of the aggregate principal amount of interest (if any) payable in respect of, and the issue price of, 
each Tranche (as defined below) of Covered Bonds will be set forth in a final terms (the "Final Terms") 
or, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds only, a pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") and in 
addition, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds only, any other terms and conditions not contained herein 
which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined below) of Covered Bonds will be set forth in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies will not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 4 ---
10179003283-v33 
- iv - 
70-41013180 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus, including the Annexes hereto, which form part of this Base Prospectus, should be 
read and construed together with any amendments or supplements hereto and with any other information 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds, should be read and 
construed together with the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
Copies of each Final Terms or each Pricing Supplement will be available from the specified offices of each 
of the Paying Agents and (in the case of Covered Bonds which may be in registered form) from the Registrar 
(see "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" herein). 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer(s) that Covered Bonds may be issued in a form not contemplated by 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" herein, in which case a drawdown prospectus, if 
appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to 
such Covered Bonds. In the case of Exempt Covered Bonds, the relevant provisions relating to such 
Covered Bonds will be included in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base 
Prospectus (including, for this purpose, each relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) contains all 
information which is (in the context of the Programme and the issue, offering and sale of the Covered 
Bonds) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in 
any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made 
and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material 
fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the 
Programme and the issue, offering and sale of the Covered Bonds) not misleading in any material respect; 
and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement for each Tranche of Covered Bonds and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus 
makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given 
or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Arranger have separately verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility 
is accepted by the Dealers or the Arranger as to the accuracy or completeness of the financial information 
contained in this Base Prospectus, or any other financial statements or any further information supplied in 
connection with the Covered Bonds. The Dealers and the Arranger accept no liability in relation to the 
financial information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements or their 
distribution or with regard to any other information supplied in connection with the Covered Bonds. The 
statements made in this paragraph are without prejudice to the responsibility of Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc 
(Nordea Kiinnitysluottopankki Oyj) in its capacity as Issuer under the Programme. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any Pricing Supplement nor the 
offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bond shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse 
change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the condition (financial or 
otherwise) of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and the offering, sale 
and delivery of the Covered Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves

--- Page 5 ---
10179003283-v33 
- v - 
70-41013180 
 
about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Covered Bonds and on distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement and other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds see "Subscription and Sale". 
THE COVERED BONDS HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY STATE SECURITIES 
COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES NOR HAS THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE 
COMMISSION OR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION PASSED UPON THE 
ACCURACY OR THE ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION 
TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
THE COVERED BONDS HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR 
WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER 
JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY INCLUDE COVERED BONDS IN 
BEARER FORM THAT ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. SUBJECT TO 
CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, THE COVERED BONDS MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR 
DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT 
OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
("REGULATION S")). SEE "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE". 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET – A determination will be made in 
relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU 
Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for 
any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Covered Bonds may include 
a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET – A determination will be made in 
relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will 
be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Covered Bonds may include 
a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. 
Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Each potential investor in the Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of 
such investor's own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Covered 
Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Covered Bonds and the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds and the impact such 
investment will have on its overall investment portfolio;

--- Page 6 ---
10179003283-v33 
- vi - 
70-41013180 
 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Covered Bonds, including Covered Bonds with principal or interest payable in one or more 
currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in 
which such potential investor's financial activities are principally denominated; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Covered Bonds and the behaviour of any relevant 
financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way 
to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to the investor's 
overall portfolio. A potential investor should not invest in Covered Bonds which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to evaluate 
how the Covered Bonds will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such 
Covered Bonds and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment 
portfolio. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be) in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of EU MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the relevant Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA would be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be) in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any Pricing Supplement constitutes an offer or an 
invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Covered Bonds and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement should subscribe for or purchase any Covered Bonds. Each recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION – Interest and/or other amounts payable under floating rate 
Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may 
constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks

--- Page 7 ---
10179003283-v33 
- vii - 
70-41013180 
 
Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the relevant Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an 
administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be). The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not 
intend to update the relevant Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement as the case may be) to reflect any change 
in the registration status of the administrator. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE - The relevant Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be) in respect of any Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities 
and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Covered Bonds 
pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as modified or 
amended from time to time, the "SFA"). The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue 
about the classification of the Covered Bonds being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such 
legend included on the relevant Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) will constitute 
notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Covered Bonds under the Programme, the Dealer or 
Dealers (if any) acting as the Stabilising Manager(s) (or any persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilising Manager(s)) may over allot Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or 
after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche 
of Covered Bonds is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the 
earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds. Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of 
any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
RATING 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme are expected to be assigned one of the following 
ratings: 
Rating Agency 
Rating 
Moody's Investors Service Limited 
Aaa 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
AAA 
Moody's Investors Service Limited ("Moody's") is established in the UK and is registered under Regulation 
(EU) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation"). S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") is established in the 
EEA and is registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody's appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies on the FCA Financial Services Register. The rating Moody's has assigned is endorsed by 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH, which is established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation. 
In accordance with Moody's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on 
https://www.moodys.com/ratings-process/Ratings-Definitions/002002, obligations rated 'Aaa' are judged 
to be of the highest quality, subject to the lowest level of credit risk. In accordance with S&P's ratings 
definitions 
available 
as 
at 
the 
date 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
on 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article/-/view/sourceID/504352, obligations rated 
'AAA' are judged to be of the highest quality and indicate that the relevant issuer's capacity to meet its 
financial commitments on the obligation is extremely strong.

--- Page 8 ---
10179003283-v33 
- viii - 
70-41013180 
 
Tranches of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche 
of Covered Bonds is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. Such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to the Issuer or to Covered 
Bonds already issued. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of 
Covered Bonds will be issued by a credit rating agency established in: (i) the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation; or (ii) the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, in each case will be 
disclosed in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
To the extent permitted by a rating agency hired by the Issuer, the Issuer may decline a rating (which may 
include a non-investment grade rating) assigned by the hired rating agency to a Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
which would typically delay the publication of that rating by such rating agency for a period of 12 months. 
If any non-hired rating agency assigns an unsolicited rating to any Covered Bonds, there can be no 
assurance that such rating will not differ from, or be lower than, the ratings provided by a hired rating 
agency. The decision to decline a rating assigned by a hired rating agency, the delayed publication of such 
rating or the assignment of a non-solicited rating by a rating agency not hired by the Issuer could adversely 
affect the market value and liquidity of the Covered Bonds. 
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/list-registered-and-certified-
CRAs, a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. 
This list must be updated within five working days of ESMA's adoption of any decision to withdraw the 
registration of a credit rating agency under the EU CRA Regulation. Therefore, such list is not conclusive 
evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency as there may be delays between certain supervisory 
measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Furthermore, credit ratings are subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time, and a 
change in the credit ratings of the Issuer, or a new unsolicited credit rating assigned to the Issuer, 
could affect the market value and reduce the liquidity of the Covered Bonds. 
There can be no assurances that a rating assigned to a Series of Covered Bonds will remain for any given 
period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency if, in its 
judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant. In the event that a rating assigned to the Issuer is 
subsequently lowered for any reason, no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional support or 
credit enhancement with respect to the Covered Bonds, and the market value and liquidity of the Covered 
Bonds may be adversely affected. Covered Bonds that are subject to a ratings downgrade may also be more 
susceptible to price volatility than they were prior to the downgrade or compared to higher-rated securities. 
In addition, the Issuer's credit ratings do not always mirror the risk related to individual Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme. Real or anticipated changes in the Issuer's credit ratings generally will also 
affect the market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Rating agencies also regularly reassess the methodologies they employ to measure the creditworthiness of 
companies and securities. Any updates to these methodologies could affect the credit ratings assigned by 
the agencies. 
To the extent permitted by a rating agency hired by the Issuer, the Issuer may decline a rating (which may 
include a non-investment grade rating) assigned by the hired rating agency to a Series of Covered Bonds, 
which would typically delay the publication of that rating by such rating agency for a period of 12 months.

--- Page 9 ---
10179003283-v33 
- ix - 
70-41013180 
 
In addition to ratings assigned by any hired rating agencies, rating agencies not hired by the Issuer to rate 
a Series of Covered Bonds may assign unsolicited ratings. If any non-hired rating agency assigns an 
unsolicited rating to any Covered Bonds, there can be no assurances that such rating will not differ from, 
or be lower than, the ratings provided by a hired rating agency. The decision to decline a rating assigned 
by a hired rating agency, the delayed publication of such rating or the assignment of a non-solicited rating 
by a rating agency not hired by the Issuer could adversely affect the market value and liquidity of the 
Covered Bonds. 
DEFINITIONS 
In this Base Prospectus, references to the "EU" are to the European Union and references to "Member 
State" are to a Member State of the EEA. References to "Conditions" are to the terms and conditions of 
the Covered Bonds set forth herein. References to "U.S. dollars" or "USD" are to United States dollars, 
references to "Euro", "euro", "EUR" or "€" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 974/98 
of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the Euro, as amended, references to "sterling" are to Pounds Sterling, 
references to "Yen" are to Japanese Yen, references to "SEK" are to Swedish Krona, references to "NOK" 
are to Norwegian Kroner. References to the "Demerger" are to the partial demerger of Nordea Bank 
Finland Plc implemented on 1 October 2016, during which Nordea Bank Finland Plc transferred certain 
assets and liabilities to the Issuer. References to the "Merger" mean the merger of Nordea Bank AB (publ), 
the parent company of the Nordea Group before the Re-domiciliation (as defined below), into Nordea Bank 
Abp through a cross-border reverse merger by way of absorption on the Completion Date (as defined below). 
References to "Nordea" or "Nordea Bank" refer to Nordea Bank Abp except where it is clear from the 
context that the term refers to Nordea Bank AB (publ), the parent company of the Nordea Group before the 
Re-domiciliation. References to the "Nordea Group" or the "Group" are to the group of companies for 
which Nordea is the parent company, except where it is clear from the context that the term refers to any 
particular subsidiary or a group of subsidiaries. References to the "Completion Date" mean the date of 
completion of the Merger, being 1 October 2018. References to the "Re-domiciliation" mean the re-
domiciliation of the parent company of the Nordea Group from Sweden to Finland that was carried out 
through the Merger. 
Any reference in this Base Prospectus to any legislation (whether primary legislation or secondary 
legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall, if the context so requires, be construed as a reference 
to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Certain statements in this Base Prospectus are based on the beliefs of the management of the Issuer, as well 
as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the management of the Issuer, and such 
statements may constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements (other than 
statements of historical fact) regarding the Issuer's future results of operations, financial condition, cash 
flows, business strategy, plans and objectives of the Issuer's management for future operations can generally 
be identified by terminology such as "targets", "believes", "estimates", "expects", "aims", "intends", 
"plans", "seeks", "will", "may", "anticipates", "would", "could", "continues" or similar expressions or the 
negatives thereof. 
Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important 
factors that could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Issuer, or industry results, 
to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. Such risks, uncertainties and other important factors include, among others: 
● 
changes in the general economic, political or social conditions in the markets in which the Issuer 
operates; 
● 
regulatory developments in the markets in which the Issuer operates; 
● 
changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity and commodity prices;

--- Page 10 ---
10179003283-v33 
- x - 
70-41013180 
 
● 
changes in the quality of the Issuer's counterparty risk; 
● 
 
● 
changes in the Issuer's credit ratings; and 
● 
changes in competition in the markets in which the Issuer operates. 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialise, or should any underlying assumptions prove 
to be incorrect, the Issuer's actual financial condition or results of operations could differ materially from 
those described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. The Issuer urges investors to read 
the sections of this Base Prospectus entitled "Risk Factors" and "Nordea Mortgage Bank plc for a more 
complete discussion of the factors that could affect the Issuer's future performance and the industry in which 
the Issuer operates. 
The Issuer does not intend, and does not assume any obligation, to update any forward-looking statements 
contained herein, except as may be required by law. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking 
statements attributable to the Issuer or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety 
by the cautionary statements referred to above and contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 11 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 1 - 
70-41013180 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ...................................................................................................................... iv 
OVERVIEW OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS ......................................................................................... 2 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................... 7 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................... 23 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS ................................................................................................... 24 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE COVERED BONDS WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
 ............................................................................................................................................................ 27 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT ....................................................................................................... 29 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................. 31 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT .................................................................................................. 51 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ................................................................ 71 
SUMMARY OF FINNISH LEGISLATION REGARDING COVERED BONDS AND RELEVANT TO 
MORTGAGE LENDING ................................................................................................................... 109 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................... 116 
NORDEA MORTGAGE BANK PLC ................................................................................................. 117 
THE FINNISH HOUSING MORTGAGE MARKET .......................................................................... 121 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................... 128 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................ 130 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 139 
ANNEX 1 — AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE ISSUER FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 
DECEMBER 2020, INCLUDING THE AUDITOR'S REPORT AND NOTES RELATING THERETO
 .......................................................................................................................................................... 142 
ANNEX 2 — AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE ISSUER FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 
DECEMBER 2019, INCLUDING THE AUDITOR'S REPORT AND NOTES RELATING THERETO
 .......................................................................................................................................................... 143 
GLOSSARY OF CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS................................................................................. 144 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS .......................................................................................................... 146

--- Page 12 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 2- 
70-41013180 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
This overview must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the 
Covered Bonds should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole and, in relation to 
the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds, the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. Each decision to invest in any Covered Bonds should be based on an assessment of the entire 
Base Prospectus. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" below or elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc  
 
Description 
Covered Bond Programme 
 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Dealers 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe 
SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Credit Suisse 
Securities 
Sociedad 
de 
Valores 
S.A., 
Deutsche 
Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, 
DZ 
BANK 
AG 
Deutsche 
Zentral-
Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main, Goldman Sachs 
International, HSBC Continental Europe, Landesbank Baden-
Württemberg,  Natixis, Norddeutsche Landesbank - Girozentrale -, 
Nordea Bank Abp, Société Générale, UBS Europe SE, UniCredit 
Bank AG and any other Dealer appointed by the Issuer either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular 
Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
 
Fiscal Agent 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
 
Registrar 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
Finnish Issuing Agent for 
Finnish Covered Bonds 
Nordea Bank Abp ("Nordea Bank") 
 
Irish Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
 
Amount 
Up to €25,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at the 
time of agreement to issue) outstanding at any one time. 
 
Currencies 
U.S. dollars, euro, sterling, Swedish Krona, Norwegian Kroner, 
Danish Krone and Yen and/or such other currency or currencies as 
may be agreed with the relevant Dealer(s), subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements.  
 
Distribution 
Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or a non-syndicated 
basis. 
 
Status 
Covered Bonds may be issued on an unsubordinated basis and in 
accordance with the CBA. The Covered Bonds will be covered in 
accordance with the CBA and will therefore benefit from statutory 
security over a certain portion of the assets of the Issuer conferred 
by the CBA (the "Cover Pool"). To the extent that claims of Holders 
in relation to Covered Bonds are not met out of the Cover Pool, the 
residual claims of such Holders will rank pari passu with the 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer.

--- Page 13 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 3- 
70-41013180 
 
Maturities 
Any maturity subject to a minimum maturity of 30 days subject, in 
relation to specific currencies, to compliance with all applicable 
legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Where Covered Bonds have a maturity of less than one year and 
either: (a) the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the UK; or 
(b) the activity of issuing the Covered Bonds is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the UK, such Covered 
Bonds must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other 
circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of section 19 
of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
 
Issue Price 
The Covered Bonds will be issued on a fully paid basis and may be 
issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement. 
 
Issuance in Series 
Covered Bonds are issued in series (each a "Series") and Covered 
Bonds of each Series will all be subject to identical terms (except 
issue price, issue date and interest commencement date, which may 
or may not be identical). Further Covered Bonds may be issued as 
part of an existing Series (each a "Tranche"), Covered Bonds in 
respect of which will be identical in all respects. 
 
Form 
Covered Bonds may be issued in bearer form or in registered form 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
Covered Bonds in bearer form will not be exchangeable for Covered 
Bonds in registered form and Covered Bonds in registered form will 
not be exchangeable for Covered Bonds in bearer form. 
 
 
"Covered Bonds" may also be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement as "Finnish Covered Bonds". Finnish 
Covered Bonds will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised 
book-entry form, with the legal title thereto being evidenced by book 
entries in the register for such Finnish Covered Bonds kept by 
Euroclear Finland on behalf of the Issuer. Title to Finnish Covered 
Bonds will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of 
title. For the avoidance of doubt, the TEFRA C and TEFRA D Rules 
will not be applicable to Finnish Covered Bonds. Definitive Covered 
Bonds will not be issued in respect of any Finnish Covered Bonds. 
 
Denominations 
Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, subject 
to: (i) a minimum denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency) for each Covered Bond admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the EEA; and (ii) compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements.

--- Page 14 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 4- 
70-41013180 
 
Interest 
Covered Bonds may be interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing. 
Covered Bonds may be issued as fixed rate, floating rate or zero 
coupon, as provided in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. 
 
Redemption 
Covered Bonds may be redeemable at par or, in the case of Exempt 
Covered Bonds only, at such other redemption amount as may be 
specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
 
 
Early redemption of Covered Bonds will be permitted for taxation 
reasons as mentioned in Condition 5(b) (Early Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons) of the Covered Bonds but will otherwise be 
permitted only to the extent specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement. Covered Bonds denominated in sterling may 
not be redeemed prior to one year and one day from the date of issue. 
 
Extended Maturity Date 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may provide that 
an Extended Maturity Date applies to the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds. 
 
 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds and 
the Issuer fails to redeem the relevant Covered Bonds in full on the 
Maturity Date or within three Business Days thereafter, the maturity 
of the outstanding Covered Bonds and the date on which such 
Covered Bonds will be due and repayable for the purposes of the 
Conditions will be automatically extended up to, but no later than, 
the Extended Maturity Date, subject as otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. In that event, the Issuer 
may redeem all or any part of the principal amount outstanding of 
the Covered Bonds on any Interest Payment Date falling in any 
month after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended 
Maturity Date or as otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement. 
 
 
If the Issuer fails to redeem the relevant Covered Bonds in full on 
the Maturity Date or within three Business Days thereafter, the 
Covered Bonds will bear interest on the principal amount 
outstanding of the Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity 
Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the Interest Payment Date after 
the Maturity Date on which the Covered Bonds are redeemed and 
the Extended Maturity Date and will be payable in respect of the 
interest period ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date in arrear or as otherwise provided for in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement on each Interest Payment Date 
after the Maturity Date at the rate specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
 
 
In the case of a Series of Covered Bonds with an Extended Maturity 
Date, those Covered Bonds may be issued as fixed rate, floating rate, 
or zero coupon in respect of the period from (and including) the Issue 
Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date and issued as fixed rate or 
floating rate in respect of the period from (and including) the 
Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date, as set 
out in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
 
 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are non-interest-bearing up to 
the Maturity Date and for which an Extended Maturity Date applies, 
the initial outstanding principal amount on the Maturity Date for the 
above purposes will be the total amount otherwise payable by the

--- Page 15 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 5- 
70-41013180 
 
Issuer but unpaid on the relevant Covered Bonds on the Maturity 
Date. 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of Finnish withholding 
taxes unless required by law. If such withholdings are required by 
Finnish law, the Issuer will in certain circumstances pay certain 
additional amounts as described in, and subject to exceptions set out 
in, Condition 6 (Taxation) of the Covered Bonds. 
 
Substitution 
A substitution of the Issuer may take place in respect of the Covered 
Bonds: pursuant to the CBA, a bankruptcy administrator may, with 
the permission of the FIN-FSA, transfer the liability for a covered 
bond and the corresponding collateral to another mortgage credit 
bank, deposit bank or credit entity holding a licence to issue covered 
bonds or to a foreign mortgage credit bank subject to supervision 
corresponding to that of the CBA, unless the terms of the covered 
bond provide otherwise. See "Summary of Finnish Legislation 
Regarding Covered Bonds and Relevant to Mortgage Lending" on 
pages 109 to 115. 
 
Events of Default and Cross 
Default 
The Covered Bonds will not provide for events of default or a cross-
default provision entitling Holders to demand immediate 
redemption. 
 
Negative Pledge 
None. 
 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading 
Each Series may be admitted to listing on the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin and to trading on its regulated market. 
Each Series of Exempt Covered Bonds may be admitted to listing on 
a market that is not a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID 
II as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as 
specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
 
 
Unlisted Covered Bonds may also be issued pursuant to a Pricing 
Supplement. 
 
Governing Law 
English law, except that: (i) Condition 3 (Status) of the Covered 
Bonds will be governed by Finnish law; and (ii) the registration of 
Finnish Covered Bonds in Euroclear Finland will be governed by 
Finnish law. 
 
Selling Restrictions 
This Base Prospectus contains a summary of certain selling 
restrictions in the United States, the EEA, the UK, Denmark, 
Finland, France, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Lithuania, Luxembourg, The 
Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Singapore, Spain and Sweden. 
 
 
Each Dealer and each purchaser of Covered Bonds must observe all 
applicable laws and regulations in any jurisdiction in which it may 
offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds or distribute this Base 
Prospectus or any offering material in relation to the Covered Bonds. 
 
Ratings 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme are expected 
to be assigned a rating of "Aaa" by Moody's or "AAA" by S&P. 
 
 
Tranches of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will be 
rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Covered Bonds is rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described 
above or the rating(s) assigned to Covered Bonds already issued. 
Where a Tranche of Covered Bonds is rated, the applicable rating(s)

--- Page 16 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 6- 
70-41013180 
 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
along with the details of the credit rating agency issuing such rating. 
Terms and Conditions 
The Conditions applicable to each Tranche of Covered Bonds will 
be as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at or prior to 
the time of issuance of such Tranche, and will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. The Conditions 
applicable to each Tranche of Covered Bonds will be those set out 
in this Base Prospectus, as completed by the relevant Final Terms or 
as set out in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
 
Enforcement of Covered 
Bonds in Global Form 
In the case of Covered Bonds in global form or in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book-entry form, investors' rights will be supported 
by a Deed of Covenant dated 29 April 2021 (as amended and/or 
restated and/or replaced from time to time) and by their 
arrangements with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(together, the "ICSDs") or any other applicable clearing system. 
 
Clearing Systems 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear Finland and/or 
such other clearing system(s) as may be agreed from time to time. 
 
Risk Factors 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the Covered Bonds. These are set out under the 
heading "Risk Factors". Investors should carefully consider these 
risk factors and all of the information in this Base Prospectus before 
deciding to buy Covered Bonds. 
 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Series of Covered Bonds will 
be used for the general corporate purposes of the Issuer. If, in respect 
of any particular issue, there is another or a particular identified use 
of proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement.

--- Page 17 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 7- 
70-41013180 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Covered Bonds involves a degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully 
consider the risks set forth below and the other information contained in this Base Prospectus prior to 
making any investment decision with respect to the Covered Bonds. The risks described below could have 
a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, financial condition or future prospects of 
Nordea Mortgage Bank or the value of the Covered Bonds.  
Additional risks and uncertainties, including those of which Nordea Mortgage Bank's management is not 
currently aware or deems immaterial, may also potentially have an adverse effect on the Nordea Mortgage 
Bank's business, results of operations, financial condition or future prospects or may result in other events 
that could cause investors to lose all or part of their investment. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" below or elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below present the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest or principal on 
or in connection with any Covered Bonds may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent 
that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Covered Bonds are exhaustive. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER  
A. 
Risks Relating to Macroeconomic Conditions 
Negative economic developments and conditions in the markets can adversely affect the Issuer's or the 
Nordea Group's business and results of operations. 
The Issuer's performance is significantly influenced by the general economic conditions in the Nordic 
markets (Denmark, Finland and Sweden).  
There can be no assurances that the relatively stable underlying economic conditions prior to the outbreak 
of COVID-19 (also commonly referred to as the "coronavirus") will continue. The outbreak has disrupted 
various markets and resulted in severe uncertainty about the development of the economies affected by the 
outbreak both in Europe and elsewhere. The Issuer is affected by the outbreak through its direct and indirect 
impact on the customers, counterparties, employees and other stakeholders of the Issuer and the Nordea 
Group, both in the Nordic countries and elsewhere, as a result of, among others, public health measures, 
such as business closings and restrictions on travel and gatherings. The adverse economic development of 
the underlying economic conditions has affected and may continue to affect the Issuer's and the Nordea 
Group's business in a number of ways, including, among others, the income, wealth, liquidity, business 
and/or financial condition of the Issuer's and Nordea Group's customers, which, in turn, could further reduce 
the Issuer's credit quality and demand for the Issuer's financial products and services. As a result, any or all 
of the conditions described above could continue to have a material adverse effect on Issuer's and the 
Nordea Group's business, financial condition and results of operations, and measures implemented by the 
Issuer might not be satisfactory to reduce any credit, market and liquidity risks. Moreover, the exact 
ramifications of the coronavirus outbreak are highly uncertain and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
it is difficult to predict the spread or duration of the pandemic or its full effect on global and local economies 
or on the Nordea Group or the Issuer.  
Accommodative monetary policies, in particular low interest rate levels, in the countries where the Nordea 
Group operates have recently also had, and are expected to continue to have, an impact on Issuer's and the 
Nordea Group's business,  financial condition and results of operations. 
B. 
Risks Relating to the Business of the Issuer  
The Issuer's funding costs and its access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on its credit 
ratings. 
There can be no assurances that the Issuer will be able to maintain its current ratings or that the Issuer will 
retain current ratings on its debt instruments. A reduction in the current long-term ratings of the Issuer may 
increase funding costs, limit access to the capital markets and trigger additional collateral requirements in 
derivative contracts and other secured funding arrangements. Therefore, a reduction in credit ratings could

--- Page 18 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 8- 
70-41013180 
 
adversely affect the Issuer's access to liquidity and its competitive position and, as a result, have a material 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer is exposed to counterparty credit risk. 
As a mortgage credit institution, the Issuer's business risk principally pertains to credit risk. Credit risk 
means that a customer cannot fulfil its payment obligations or that the value of granted security is lower 
than the outstanding debt. Given that a substantial part of the Issuer's lending is granted in exchange for 
security in real estate, the credit risk is also dependent on fluctuations in value in the real estate and housing 
markets. The business of the Issuer shows relatively low credit risks and the historic credit losses of the 
Issuer have been low. The size of historic credit losses though is not an indicator of the size of future credit 
losses and there is a risk that future credit losses will be higher. 
Reliance on derivative arrangements. 
Nordea Bank will be a swap counterparty under currency swaps and basis swaps entered into by the Issuer 
on an arms-length basis. It may be difficult to enter into similar replacement swaps at similar pricing in the 
event that such derivative contracts terminate. An inability to replace a swap counterparty under a currency 
or basis swap following a default or termination by the swap counterparty may adversely affect the Issuer's 
ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Liquidity risks. 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer will be unable to meet its obligations as they fall due or meet its 
liquidity commitments only at an increased cost.  
The maturity profile in the Issuer's lending business is to a large extent longer term than the maturity profile 
within the Issuer's funding operations. The Issuer is therefore to a large extent dependent on being able to 
refinance matured obligations within the funding operations by obtaining new funding in the bond market. 
The Issuer could also fund itself through revenues from its credit portfolio and finally through financing 
from Nordea Bank. If the financial markets develop negatively, there may be a material negative impact on 
the Issuer's ability to obtain funding and liquidity on financially reasonable conditions. The above 
mentioned factors may also have a material negative impact on the Issuer's business, financial position and 
profitability. 
Competition. 
The Issuer faces fierce competition within its business area, primarily from other Nordic covered bond 
issuers and banks. Even though the Issuer currently considers itself to be in a fairly strong position to face 
the competition, there is a risk that the Issuer's competitiveness decreases in the future which could 
negatively impact the Issuer's financial performance. 
The Issuer is dependent on Nordea Bank Abp to run its operations. 
The Issuer's business is integrated with Nordea Bank Abp's business operations and Nordea Bank Abp's 
branch network throughout Finland. According to intra-group agreements between the Issuer and Nordea 
Bank Abp, the Issuer has appointed Nordea Bank Abp to operate almost all business operations including, 
among other things, the lending business and the Issuer's funding. If Nordea Bank Abp ceased to provide 
these services or in any other way fails in its obligations towards the Issuer, there could be a negative impact 
on the Issuer's business, financial position and profitability as well as a consequential inability of the Issuer 
to fulfil its obligations towards the investors in the Covered Bonds. 
Mortgages in the Cover Pool are originated by Nordea Bank Abp. The mortgages that meet the Eligibility 
Criteria set out in a transfer agreement entered into between the Issuer and Nordea Bank Abp (the "Transfer 
Agreement") may be transferred to the Issuer. The transferred mortgages may then be registered as assets 
in the Cover Pool. Nordea Bank Abp notifies the borrowers of the transfer to the Issuer, and will continue 
servicing the mortgages pursuant to a servicing agreement entered into between Nordea Bank Abp and the 
Issuer. The borrower will keep the same account numbers and payment arrangements with Nordea Bank 
Abp. 
The Issuer is reliant on Nordea Bank Abp, as manager of the mortgages (the "Manager"), to service all 
mortgages it owns. Although the servicing arrangements will contain a right on the part of the Issuer to

--- Page 19 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 9- 
70-41013180 
 
terminate upon material breach by the Manager, default on the part of Nordea Bank Abp or other members 
of the Nordea Group servicing the mortgages could create operational and administrative difficulties for 
the Issuer and could adversely affect the Issuer's results of operations, financial condition and business 
prospects and its ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
The current procedure for originating mortgages may be amended in the future and mortgages may be given 
directly from the Issuer to the borrowers. This will, however, not reduce the risks relating to the relationship 
with Nordea Bank Abp. Payments from the borrowers may under such a procedure still be made to Nordea 
Bank Abp. Furthermore, the Issuer's accounts will be with Nordea Bank Abp. If the Issuer gives loans 
directly to the borrowers, Nordea Bank Abp will handle the credit process and service the loans. 
The Issuer has not undertaken, nor will it undertake, any investigations, searches or other actions in respect 
of the original underwriting and loan-level documentation of the mortgage loans and other assets originated 
by Nordea Bank Abp contained or to be contained in the Issuer's Cover Pool, but instead fully relies on the 
warranties of Nordea Bank Abp under the Transfer Agreement and previous agreements in relation to the 
transfer of such loans. If any mortgages originated by Nordea Bank Abp do not comply with the Eligibility 
Criteria set out in the Transfer Agreement, then the market value of these loans may be diminished and the 
Issuer may have remedies against Nordea Bank Abp under the Transfer Agreement. 
The Issuer is also dependent on the "Nordea" brand and relies on Nordea Bank Abp for the provision of 
liquidity and capital resources. If the business or reputation of Nordea Bank Abp were negatively affected, 
this could have a material adverse effect on the financial and operating condition of the Issuer, or its ability 
to compete successfully in the Finnish market. 
C. 
Risks Relating to Market Exposure 
The Issuer is exposed to market price risk. 
The Issuer lends in EUR and borrows primarily in EUR, but may also borrow in multiple currencies. Almost 
all foreign exchange risk derived from that relationship is intended to be eliminated by using hedging 
instruments. The business also contains interest rate risk, primarily due to differences between the terms of 
the interest periods for funding and for lending. The interest rate risk is mitigated by using hedging 
instruments and by the Issuer aiming to match interest payments and maturity dates in its funding and 
lending operations. The Issuer is dependent on a liquid hedging market to mitigate its foreign exchange and 
interest rate risks and there are no assurances that the Issuer will be successful in hedging all of its foreign 
exchange and interest rate risks. 
D. 
Other Risks Relating to the Issuer's Business 
The Issuer is subject to extensive regulation that is subject to change. 
Companies active in the financial services industry, including the Issuer, operate under an extensive 
regulatory regime. The Issuer is subject to laws and regulations, administrative actions and policies as well 
as related oversight from the relevant local regulator. 
As a result of global financial and economic crises, a number of regulatory measures have been proposed 
and taken to amend or implement rules and regulations, which have had, or could likely have, an impact on 
the business of the Issuer. Such measures include, but are not limited to, requirements for liquidity, capital 
adequacy and handling of counterparty risks, regulatory tools provided to authorities to allow them to 
intervene in scenarios of distress and the introduction of a common system of financial transactions tax in 
the euro area.  Regulatory developments such as these or any other requirements, restrictions, limitations 
on the operations of financial institutions and costs involved, or unexpected requirements under, or 
uncertainty with respect to, the regulatory framework to be applied to the Issuer, could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer may incur substantial costs in monitoring and complying with capital adequacy and recovery 
and resolution framework requirements. 
The BCBS has introduced a number of fundamental reforms to the regulatory capital framework for 
internationally active banks, the principal elements of which are set out in Basel III. Basel III has been 
implemented in the EU by way of the Capital Requirements Directive and the direct application of the CRR 
in each EU Member State. The heightened capital requirements, the continuing regulatory developments

--- Page 20 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 10- 
70-41013180 
 
and higher demands on liquidity have resulted, and are likely to continue to result, in the Issuer, similar to 
other financial institutions, incurring substantial costs in monitoring and complying with these new 
requirements, which may also adversely affect the business environment in the financial sector. 
Furthermore, the EU has introduced a recovery and resolution framework for credit institutions and 
investment firms, which includes a so-called "bail-in" system, as well as a single supervisory mechanism, 
a single resolution mechanism and a full banking union in the euro area. These new requirements, other 
proposals and supervisory structures may impact existing business models.  
The Issuer is subject to the bank recovery and resolution regime. 
The Issuer operates under the EU bank recovery and resolution regime (consisting of Directive 2014/59/EU 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending certain directives and regulations, including subsequent amendments thereto (the "BRRD"), 
which has been implemented, inter alia, in the Act on Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment 
Firms (Laki luottolaitosten ja sijoituspalveluyritysten kriisinratkaisusta 1194/2014), as amended (the 
"Resolution Act"), as well as Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 on establishing uniform rules and a uniform 
procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single 
Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, 
including subsequent amendments thereto ("SRMR")). The regime aims to enhance financial stability 
through the establishment of a framework outlining tools and procedures for setting distressed financial 
institutions into a resolution procedure, and it includes, inter alia, a requirement for banks, such as Nordea 
Group, to contribute to resolution funds, the purpose of which is used to finance the resolution of failing 
banks without having to resort to taxpayer money. See also "Summary of Finnish Legislation Regarding 
Covered Bonds and Relevant to Mortgage Lending — The bank recovery and resolution regime". 
The powers granted to the resolution authority set forth in the Resolution Act include a bail-in tool, under 
which the resolution authority has a right to cancel all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest 
on, certain unsecured liabilities of a failing financial institution and/or to convert certain debt into another 
security, including equity instruments. Secured debt is in general intended to be exempted from the scope 
of the bail-in tool but, under the current national regime, there is uncertainty as to what extent the bail-in 
tool could be applied in respect of the Covered Bonds. However, to the extent the amounts payable under 
the Covered Bonds exceed the value of the collateral assets registered in the cover pool which secures the 
payment of such amounts, claims under the Covered Bonds would be subject to the bail-in tool as well.  
Subject to this limitation, the Covered Bonds may consequently be subject to the bail-in tool, which may 
lead to the holders of the Covered Bonds losing their investments. Additionally, the national law 
implementing the BRRD provides for certain other resolution tools applicable to distressed financial 
institutions, including the sale of the business tool, the bridge institution tool, and the asset separation tool. 
The resolution powers pursuant to the SRMR include tools similar to those of the national resolution 
authority under the national law implementing the BRRD. In addition, subject to certain conditions set out 
in the Resolution Act, the national resolution authority has a right to place a distressed financial institution 
into liquidation or file such institution for bankruptcy. 
The exercise of the bail-in tool or any other power of the Financial Stability Authority under the Resolution 
Act or of the SRB under the SRMR, or any suggestion of the exercise of such, could have a material adverse 
effect on the rights of the holders of the Covered Bonds, the value or the price of their investment in the 
Covered Bonds, the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Covered Bonds, and the 
operations of the Issuer. 
Harmonisation of the EU covered bond framework. 
The EU covered bond framework consisting of Directive (EU) 2019/2162 on the issue of covered bonds 
and covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (the "Covered 
Bond Directive") and the Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards 
exposures in the form of covered bonds (the "CRR Amendment Regulation") came into effect on 7 
January 2020. The implementation of the Covered Bond Directive and the CRR Amendment Regulation in 
the national legislation is required to be completed by the EU Member States by 8 July 2021, and such 
legislation is required to be applied on 8 July 2022 at the latest. However, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, no further information has been published concerning the national implementation measures to 
be taken in Finland in respect of the Covered Bond Directive and the CRR Amendment Regulation, and 
consequently, there is no certainty as to the definitive contents, scope, or effective date of the national 
legislation implementing the Covered Bond Directive and the CRR Amendment Regulation in Finland, or

--- Page 21 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 11- 
70-41013180 
 
to the effect of the forthcoming implementation measures on the Covered Bonds or the operations of the 
Issuer. See also "Summary of Finnish Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds and Relevant to Mortgage 
Lending—Management of cover pool assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer". 
The Issuer's business performance could be affected if its capital adequacy ratios are reduced or 
perceived to be inadequate. 
The Issuer is required to maintain certain capital adequacy ratios pursuant to EU and Finnish legislation.  
Developments such as lower internal credit ratings of customers, substantial market volatility, widening 
credit spreads, changes in the general capital adequacy regulatory framework or regulatory treatment of 
certain positions, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, decreases in the market value of assets, or 
deterioration of the economic environment, among other things, could result in an increase in the Issuer's 
risk exposure amount, which potentially may reduce the Issuer's capital adequacy ratios. If the Issuer were 
to experience a reduction in its capital adequacy ratios, and could not raise further capital, it would have to 
reduce its lending or investments in other operations.  
Risks relating to Finland and the Finnish mortgage market. 
The demand for residential mortgage loans in Finland is dependent on market interest rates, residential 
property prices, employment trends, the state of the economy, taxation and other factors that have an 
influence on the customers' financing requirements. As a result, the Issuer's results of operation are 
significantly influenced by the general economic condition in the Finnish mortgage markets. As 
substantially all of the Issuer's mortgage loans (as defined under "Summary of Finnish Legislation 
Regarding Covered Bonds and Relevant to Mortgage Lending") currently relate to properties located in 
Finland, the Issuer's performance is influenced by the level and the cyclical nature of business activity in 
Finland. This is in turn affected by both domestic and international economic and political events. A 
weakening of the economy in Finland may have an adverse effect on the Issuer's future results and its ability 
to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Low interest rates and increased disposable income in Finland have led to continued stable growth in 
demand for loans, especially in the residential mortgage market. A combination of increasing household 
indebtedness and stable or declining house prices in Finland could increase the financial vulnerability of 
some Finnish mortgage borrowers, especially young and/or low-income borrowers. Most Finnish customers 
have housing loans with floating interest and increases in interest rates could therefore adversely affect the 
liquidity situation of some borrowers. An increase in household indebtedness or unemployment, a decline 
in house prices or an increase in interest rates could have an adverse effect on mortgage borrowers' ability 
to meet their mortgage obligations and could adversely affect the Issuer's results of operations, financial 
condition and business prospects and its ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Reliance on derivative arrangements. 
The Issuer may enter into derivative agreements to hedge interest rate risk, currency exchange risk or 
liquidity risk. If the Issuer fails to make timely payments of amounts due or certain other events occur in 
relation to the Issuer under a derivative contract and any applicable grace period expires, then the Issuer 
will default under that derivative contract. If the Issuer defaults under a derivative contract due to non-
payment or otherwise, the relevant derivative counterparty will not be obliged to make further payments 
under that derivative contract (unless the Issuer has satisfied in full all its payment or delivery obligations 
under the relevant derivative contract) and may terminate that derivative contract. If a derivative 
counterparty is not obliged to make payments, if it exercises any right of termination it may have under the 
relevant derivative contract or if it defaults in its obligations to make payments under a derivative contract, 
the Issuer will be exposed to changes in currency exchange rates and in the associated interest rates on the 
currencies, interest rates or liquidity concerns (as applicable). Unless a replacement swap is entered into, 
the Issuer may have insufficient funds to make payments due on the Covered Bonds. 
In addition, Nordea Bank Abp will be a swap counterparty under currency swaps and basis swaps entered 
into by the Issuer on an arm's-length basis. It may be difficult to enter into similar replacement swaps at 
similar pricing in the event that such derivative contracts terminate. An inability to replace a swap 
counterparty under a currency or basis swap following a default or termination by the swap counterparty 
may adversely affect the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 22 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 12- 
70-41013180 
 
Termination payments for swaps. 
If any of the interest rate, currency or other swaps are terminated, the Issuer may, as a result, be obliged to 
make a termination payment to the relevant swap provider. The amount of the termination payment will be 
based on the cost of entering into a replacement swap. There can be no assurance that the Issuer will have 
sufficient funds available to make a termination payment under the relevant swap. 
Competition. 
The Issuer faces fierce competition within its business area, primarily from other Finnish and Nordic 
covered bond issuers and banks. Even though the Issuer currently considers itself to be in a fairly strong 
position to face the competition, there is a risk that the Issuer's competitiveness decreases in the future 
which could negatively impact the Issuer's financial performance. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE COVERED BONDS 
A. 
Risks Relating to the Cover Pool 
In the context of Covered Bonds, it should be noted that the CBA imposes several obligations on the Issuer 
that are intended to mitigate some of the risks described below. See "Summary of Finnish Legislation 
Regarding Covered Bonds and Relevant to Mortgage Lending" on pages 109 to 115. 
Concentration of Location of Properties. 
Mortgage loans contained in the Cover Pool will primarily be secured on property located or incorporated 
in Finland. The value of the Cover Pool may decline sharply and rapidly in the event of a general downturn 
in the value of property in Finland. Any such downturn may hence have an adverse effect on the Issuer's 
ability to make payment under the Covered Bonds. 
Collection of mortgage loans and default by borrowers. 
The mortgage loans which secure the Covered Bonds will comprise loans secured on property. A borrower 
may default on its obligation under such mortgage loan. Defaults may occur for a variety of reasons. 
Defaults under mortgage loans are subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks and rental yield 
reduction (in the case of investment properties). Various factors influence mortgage delinquency rates, 
prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as 
changes in the national or international economic climates, regional economic or housing conditions, 
changes in tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, 
political developments and government policies. Other factors relating to borrowers' individual, personal 
or financial circumstances may affect the ability of the borrowers to repay the mortgage loans. Loss of 
earnings, illness, divorce, weakening of financial conditions or the results of business operations and other 
similar factors may lead to an increase in delinquencies by and bankruptcies of borrowers, and could 
ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to repay the mortgage loans. In addition, the 
ability of a borrower to sell a property given as security for a mortgage loan at a price sufficient to repay 
the amounts outstanding under that mortgage loan will depend upon a number of factors, including the 
availability of buyers for that property, the value of that property and property values in general at the time. 
Claims in respect of the Cover Pool. 
The Holders (along with counterparties to relating derivative transactions and providers of bankruptcy 
liquidity loans (each, as defined under "Summary of Finnish Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds and 
Relevant to Mortgage Lending" below)) have the benefit of priority to the Cover Pool, upon liquidation or 
bankruptcy of Nordea Mortgage Bank. The assets in the Cover Pool are owned by Nordea Mortgage Bank 
but will in Nordea Mortgage Bank's liquidation or bankruptcy not be available to any other creditor until 
the Holders and related derivative counterparties have been repaid in full. Under Section 25 of the CBA, 
this priority is limited to 70 per cent. in respect of housing loans and 60 per cent. in respect of commercial 
property loans of the current value of the property which stands as collateral for such mortgage loans (each, 
as defined under "Summary of Finnish Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds and Relevant to Mortgage 
Lending" below). The bankruptcy administrator shall (with certain exceptions for non-performing loans) 
assign the share of payments out of any such loan exceeding the preferential right to the general bankruptcy 
estate. To the extent that claims in relation to the Covered Bonds are not met out of the assets in the Cover 
Pool, the residual claims will rank pari passu with the other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of

--- Page 23 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 13- 
70-41013180 
 
Nordea Mortgage Bank. Given the pari passu ranking of the Covered Bonds, related derivative transactions 
and bankruptcy liquidity loans under the CBA, in the event of the Issuer's liquidation or bankruptcy, the 
amount available to be paid to holders of Covered Bonds out of the Cover Pool on a prioritised basis may 
be affected by the amounts payable at the relevant time to counterparties of related derivative transactions 
and the providers of bankruptcy liquidity loans. See also "Liquidity post Nordea Mortgage Bank 
bankruptcy" below and "Summary of Finnish Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds and Relevant to 
Mortgage Lending" on pages 109 to 115. 
Failure of the Cover Pool to meet the matching requirements. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank will be required under the CBA to comply with certain matching requirements as 
long as there is any Covered Bond outstanding. Under the CBA, if the Cover Pool does not fulfil the 
requirements provided for in the CBA, the FIN-FSA may set a time limit within which the issuer shall place 
more collateral in compliance with the CBA. If these requirements are not met with, the issuer's license for 
mortgage credit bank operations may be withdrawn. If the Issuer is placed in liquidation or declared 
bankrupt, and the requirements for the total amount of collateral of the Covered Bonds in sections 16 and 
17 of the CBA cannot be fulfilled, a supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA may demand that the Issuer's 
bankruptcy administrator declare the Covered Bonds due and payable and sell the assets being used as 
collateral for the Covered Bonds. This could result in the holders of Covered Bonds receiving payment 
according to a schedule that is different than that contemplated by the terms of the Covered Bonds (with 
accelerations as well as delays) or that the holders of Covered Bonds are not paid in full, in part, due to the 
statutory limit to the priority of holders of Covered Bonds. See also "Summary of Finnish Legislation 
Regarding Covered Bonds and Relevant to Mortgage Lending—Quality of the cover pool assets—
Requirements for matching cover" on page 111 and "Summary of Finnish Legislation Regarding Covered 
Bonds and Relevant to Mortgage Lending—Management of cover pool assets during the liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the issuer" on page 113. 
Transfer of Covered Bonds and Cover Pool in bankruptcy. 
In bankruptcy, a bankruptcy administrator may, with the permission of the FIN-FSA, transfer the liability 
for a covered bond and the corresponding collateral to a mortgage credit bank, deposit bank or credit entity 
that has acquired a licence to issue covered bonds or to a foreign mortgage credit bank which is subject to 
supervision corresponding to that of the CBA, unless the terms of the covered bond provide otherwise. See 
also "Summary of Finnish Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds and Relevant to Mortgage Lending—
Management of cover pool assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer" on page 113. 
Liquidity post Nordea Mortgage Bank bankruptcy. 
It is believed that neither an insolvent issuer nor its bankruptcy estate would have the ability to issue 
Covered Bonds. Under the CBA, the bankruptcy administrator (upon the demand or the consent of a 
supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA) may, however, raise liquidity through the sale of mortgage loans 
and other assets in the Cover Pool to fulfil the obligations relating to the Covered Bonds. Further, the 
bankruptcy administrator (upon the demand or the consent of the supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA) 
may take out liquidity loans and enter into other agreements for the purpose of securing liquidity. 
Counterparties in such transactions will rank pari passu with holders of Covered Bonds and existing 
derivative counterparties with respect to assets in the Cover Pool. However, there can be no assurance as 
to the actual ability of the bankruptcy estate to raise post-bankruptcy liquidity, which may result in a failure 
by the Issuer to make full and timely payments to holders of Covered Bonds and existing derivative 
counterparties. 
No market for collateral in Finland after an insolvency of the Issuer. 
There is no assurance as to whether there will be a trading market for the collateral in the Cover Pool in 
Finland or an eligible transferee to take over the obligations relating to the Covered Bonds and the 
corresponding collateral after a public administration of the Issuer. 
No due diligence in relation to the Cover Pool. 
No investigations, searches or other actions in respect of any assets contained or to be contained in the pool 
of assets covering the Covered Bonds has or will be performed by the Arranger or the Dealers. Nordea 
Mortgage Bank is obliged to ensure that the Cover Pool fulfils the requirements of the CBA.

--- Page 24 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 14- 
70-41013180 
 
Limited description of the assets in the Cover Pool. 
Save for any Cover Pool data Nordea Mortgage Bank makes available on its website, investors will not 
receive information in relation to the mortgage loans and other assets included in the Cover Pool. It is 
expected that the constitution of the Cover Pool will change from time to time through the repayment of 
the mortgage loans by borrowers or new mortgage loans or other assets being added to the Cover Pool. 
However, the FIN-FSA will monitor Nordea Mortgage Bank's compliance with the matching requirements, 
eligibility criteria and certain other material provisions of the CBA. As the Cover Pool is dynamic, there 
are no assurances that the credit quality of the assets in the Cover Pool will remain the same as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus or on or after the issue date of any Covered Bonds. 
B. 
Risks Relating to the Covered Bonds 
No Events of Default. 
The terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not include any events of default relating to the Issuer, 
and therefore the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not entitle holders of Covered Bonds to 
accelerate the Covered Bonds. 
Conflicting interests of other creditors. 
The claims of the Holders of Covered Bonds and derivative counterparties included in the Cover Pool rank 
pari passu with the claims of all other creditors of the Issuer (other than those preferred by law), but have 
a preferential right against the Cover Pool save for costs incurred in connection with the operation, 
management, collection and realisation of the Cover Pool which shall be covered before the claims of the 
Holders of Covered Bonds and claims relating to the fees and the expenses of a bankruptcy estate. In 
addition, the Holders of Covered Bonds' preferential rights against the Cover Pool rank pari passu with the 
rights of other covered bondholders of the Issuer and any related derivative counterparties; for example, 
covered bondholders holding registered covered bonds formerly issued by Nordea Bank Finland Plc (now 
Nordea Bank Abp), or issued under any other covered bond programme which the Issuer may establish in 
the future. 
To the extent that Holders of Covered Bonds are not fully paid from the proceeds of the liquidation of the 
assets comprising the Cover Pool, they will be able to apply for the balance of their claims as unsecured 
creditors of the Issuer and will be entitled to receive payment from the proceeds of the liquidation of the 
other assets of the Issuer not comprising the Cover Pool. The Holders of Covered Bonds would then rank 
pari passu with any other mortgage covered bondholders, derivative counterparties and the other unsecured, 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer and, as a result, may not receive all amounts owed to them by the 
Issuer. 
The Covered Bonds may be redeemed prior to maturity. 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Covered 
Bonds due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or on behalf of Finland or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Covered Bonds in accordance with the Conditions. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement specifies that the Covered Bonds are redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other 
circumstances the Issuer may choose to redeem the Covered Bonds at times when prevailing interest rates 
may be relatively low. In such circumstances, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Covered Bonds. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Covered Bonds. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of such Covered Bonds generally 
will not rise substantially above and may in fact decrease below the price at which they can be redeemed. 
This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
Other than as provided in the Conditions of the Covered Bonds, Covered Bonds may also be redeemed 
early in accordance with the CBA as described elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 25 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 15- 
70-41013180 
 
Covered Bonds with Extended Maturity Date. 
The relevant Final Terms may provide that an Extended Maturity Date applies to the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds. 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and the Issuer fails to redeem all 
of those Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date or within three Business Days thereafter, the maturity of the 
Covered Bonds and the date on which such Covered Bonds will be due and payable will be automatically 
extended up to but no later than the Extended Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided for in the 
relevant Final Terms. In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or any of part of the principal amount 
outstanding on the Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date 
up to and including the Extended Maturity Date or as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the event of such an extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds, interest rates, interest periods and 
interest payment dates on the Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the 
Extended Maturity Date shall be determined and made in accordance with the relevant Final Terms. 
The extension of the maturity of the principal amount outstanding in the Covered Bonds from the Maturity 
Date to the Extended Maturity Date shall not constitute an event of default for any purpose or give any 
Holders of Covered Bonds any right to receive payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the relevant 
Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in the Conditions and, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds 
only, as amended by the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
Therefore, investors investing in Covered Bonds with an Extended Maturity Date should be aware of the 
possibility that their Covered Bonds will not be paid on the Maturity Date and that the interest basis, interest 
rates and interest periods for the period from the Maturity Date to the Extended Maturity Date may be 
different to those applicable for the period from the Issue Date to the Maturity Date, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The Covered Bonds may not be freely transferred. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank has not registered, and will not register, the Covered Bonds under the Securities 
Act or any other securities laws. Accordingly, the Covered Bonds are subject to certain restrictions on resale 
and other transfer thereof as set forth in the section entitled "Subscription and Sale". As a result of these 
restrictions, Nordea Mortgage Bank cannot be certain of the existence of a secondary market for the 
Covered Bonds or the liquidity of such a market if one develops. Consequently, a Holder of Covered Bonds 
and an owner of beneficial interests in those Covered Bonds must be able to bear the economic risk of their 
investment in the Covered Bonds for the terms of the Covered Bonds. 
There may be no active trading market for the Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed 
and for which there may be no active trading market (unless, in the case of any particular Tranche, such 
Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Series of Covered Bonds which is already 
issued). If the Covered Bonds are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their 
initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general 
economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. 
Although applications have been made for the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to listing on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin and to trading on its regulated market, there can be no 
assurances that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds will be so 
admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there can be no assurances as to the 
development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
Furthermore, the Issuer may elect to issue unlisted Covered Bonds, in which case there may not be an active 
trading market for such Covered Bonds. While the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, offer to buy back such 
Covered Bonds prior to their maturity date under normal market conditions, the price at which such Covered 
Bonds are bought back (if at all) will depend upon a number of factors (including the factors described in 
this Base Prospectus). In case of unstable market conditions, the Issuer may suspend any buy-back of 
Covered Bonds, in which case the relevant investor may be unable to exit its investment in the relevant 
Covered Bonds until they are redeemed.

--- Page 26 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 16- 
70-41013180 
 
Holders of Covered Bonds are subject to market volatility. 
Holders of Covered Bonds should be aware that, in view of the prevailing and widely reported global credit 
market conditions (which, to a certain extent, continue as of the date of this Base Prospectus), the secondary 
market for the Covered Bonds and instruments of this kind may be illiquid due to, among other things, the 
disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets that have continued through the recent years. The 
Issuer cannot predict when these circumstances will change. 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
The Covered Bonds are subject to risks related to exchange rates and exchange controls. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally 
in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the 
Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable 
on the Covered Bonds and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Holders of the Covered Bonds are subject to credit risk on the Issuer. 
Investors in Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer take a credit risk on Nordea Mortgage Bank. The Covered 
Bonds are not guaranteed by Nordea Bank Abp, any other company within the Nordea Group or any other 
person. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds may be changed. 
The terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche will be as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at or prior to the time of issuance of such Tranche, and will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche will therefore be those set out in this Base 
Prospectus, subject to being completed by the relevant Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Covered 
Bonds only) being completed, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions, which are binding on the Issuer and the Holders of the 
Covered Bonds, for convening meetings of the Holders of Covered Bonds of any Series to consider matters 
affecting their interests, including the modification or waiver of the terms and conditions applicable to any 
Series of Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer also has the right to correct manifest errors in the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds 
without the consent of the Holders of the Covered Bonds. 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Holders, including Holders who did not attend and 
vote at the relevant meeting or Holders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Maturity risks. 
The risk of investing in the Covered Bonds will increase with the maturity of the Covered Bonds. It is more 
difficult to assess the credit risk when the maturity is long. Even the market risk will increase with long 
maturity, as the fluctuations in price will be greater for Covered Bonds with a long maturity than for 
Covered Bonds with a short maturity.

--- Page 27 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 17- 
70-41013180 
 
C. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks relating to the Covered Bonds 
Changes in laws, regulations or administrative practice or the interpretation thereof may affect the 
Covered Bonds. 
Changes in laws, regulations or administrative practice, or the interpretation thereof, after the date of this 
Base Prospectus may affect the Covered Bonds in general, the rights of Holders as well as the market value 
of the Covered Bonds. The Covered Bonds and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Covered Bonds are governed by English law, except that: (i) Condition 3 (Status) of 
the Covered Bonds will be governed by Finnish law; and (ii) the registration of Finnish Covered Bonds in 
Euroclear Finland will be governed by Finnish law. There can be no assurances as to the impact of any 
possible judicial decision or change to the laws of England and Wales or Finnish laws, regulations or 
administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Covered Bonds or the interpretation thereof. 
Such changes in law may impact statutory, tax and regulatory regimes during the life of the Covered Bonds, 
which may have an adverse effect on the Covered Bonds. Such legislative and regulatory uncertainty could 
also affect an investor's ability to accurately value the Covered Bonds and, therefore, affect the trading price 
of the Covered Bonds given the extent and impact on the Covered Bonds that one or more regulatory or 
legislative changes, including those described above, could have on the Covered Bonds. 
Furthermore, the financial services industry continues to be the focus of significant regulatory change and 
scrutiny which may adversely affect the Nordea Group's business, financial performance, capital and risk 
management strategies. Such regulatory changes, and the resulting actions taken to address such regulatory 
changes, may have an adverse impact on the Nordea Group's, and therefore the Issuer's, performance and 
financial condition. 
Risks relating to the UK's withdrawal from the EU. 
The Covered Bonds may be subject to the jurisdiction of English courts. As a result of Brexit, the regulation 
concerning the recognition and enforcement of judgments that applies between the UK and EU Member 
States, that is, the Recast Brussels Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 12 December 2012) has ceased to apply to the UK (and to English court judgments).  
Further, the UK is no longer a party to the Lugano Convention under which judgments from the courts of 
contracting states (currently the EU Member States, plus Switzerland, Iceland and Norway) are recognised 
and enforced in other contracting states. In its White Paper from July 2018, the UK Government stated that 
it will seek to participate in the Lugano Convention on leaving the EU, which would mean English 
judgments would once again be recognised and enforced in Finland (and other contracting states). In the 
same White Paper, the UK Government also stated it will seek a new bilateral agreement with the EU27 
concerning cooperation in the area of civil justice including arrangements for the continued mutual 
recognition and enforcement of judgments. However, no such agreement has yet been reached and there 
can be no assurances as to the terms of any final agreement.   
Based on the communication by the European Commission dated 27 August 2020, Finnish courts would 
likely give effect to the Hague Convention as the applicable source of law only in respect of exclusive 
choice of court agreements concluded after 1 January 2021. As regards non-exclusive choice of court 
agreements (such as the notes) and exclusive choice of court agreements concluded prior to 1 January 2021, 
a judgment rendered by an English court would not be enforceable nor recognized in Finland by operation 
of the Hague Convention and, as a result, it is possible that a judgment entered against the Issuer in a United 
Kingdom court would not be recognised or enforceable in Finland as a matter of law without a re-trial on 
its merits (but would be of persuasive authority as a matter of evidence before the courts of law, arbitral 
tribunals or executive or other public authorities in Finland). Hence, unless the UK ratifies the Lugano 
Convention or an agreement is reached between United Kingdom and the EU27, a judgment entered against 
the Issuer in an English court in respect of the Covered Bonds may not be recognised or enforceable in 
Finland as a matter of law without a re-trial on its merits. 
D. 
Risks relating to the form and mechanics of the Covered Bonds 
Potential conflicts of interest between Holders and the Determination Agent. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Determination Agent (as defined herein), if any, and 
the Holders (including where a Dealer or a Nordea Group entity acts as Determination Agent). In the

--- Page 28 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 18- 
70-41013180 
 
ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array 
of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Nordea 
Group or of third parties, and may include investments and securities that are linked to LIBOR or other 
benchmarks. The Dealers do not have any duties or obligations to Holders to conduct their other activities, 
or to make any similar or related determinations, for the benefit of Holders. Certain discretionary 
determinations and judgments that such Determination Agent may make pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of the Covered Bonds may influence the amount receivable by the Holders during the terms of 
the Covered Bonds and upon redemption of the Covered Bonds. 
Minimum Specified Denomination and higher integral multiples. 
In relation to any issue of Covered Bonds which have a denomination consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination (as defined in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) plus a higher integral multiple of 
another smaller amount, it is possible that the Covered Bonds may be traded in amounts in excess of the 
minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of the minimum Specified Denomination. 
In such a case a Holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination may not receive a definitive Covered Bond in respect of such holding 
(should definitive Covered Bonds be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Covered 
Bonds such that its holding amounts to the minimum Specified Denomination. 
The amount of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme may be changed. 
The aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme is subject to increase 
or decrease as provided in the Dealership Agreement (as defined herein). 
Because the Global Covered Bonds are held by or on behalf of clearing systems, investors will have to 
rely on the relevant clearing system's procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the 
Issuer. 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Covered Bonds. 
Such Global Covered Bonds will be deposited with a common depositary or, as the case may be, a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the 
relevant Global Covered Bond, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Covered Bonds. The 
relevant clearing system(s) will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Covered Bonds. 
While the Covered Bonds are represented by one or more Global Covered Bonds, investors will be able to 
trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing system(s). 
While the Covered Bonds are represented by one or more Global Covered Bonds, the Issuer will discharge 
its payment obligations under the Covered Bonds by making payments to the common depositary or, as the 
case may be, a common safekeeper for the relevant clearing system(s) or a nominee thereof for distribution 
to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Covered Bond must rely on the 
procedures of the relevant clearing system(s) to receive payments under the relevant Covered Bonds. The 
Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial 
interests in the Global Covered Bonds. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Covered Bonds will not have a direct right to vote in respect 
of the relevant Covered Bonds. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they 
are enabled by the relevant clearing system(s) to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of 
beneficial interests in the Global Covered Bonds will not have a direct right under the Global Covered 
Bonds to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Covered 
Bonds but will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed of Covenant. 
Investors in Finnish Covered Bonds will have to rely on Euroclear Finland's procedures (as the case 
may be) for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. 
Investors in Finnish Covered Bonds will have to rely on the relevant clearing system's or the relevant 
Issuing Agent's, as the case may be, procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. 
Finnish Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will not be evidenced by any physical note or 
document of title other than statements of account made by Euroclear Finland, as the case may be.

--- Page 29 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 19- 
70-41013180 
 
Ownership of Finnish Covered Bonds will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book-entry 
system and register maintained by Euroclear Finland. 
E. 
Risks relating to interest features of the Covered Bonds 
There are risks that certain benchmarks may be administered differently or discontinued in the future, 
including the potential phasing-out of LIBOR after 2021, which may adversely affect the trading market 
for, value of and return on, Covered Bonds based on such benchmarks. 
Rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of recent international, national 
and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently from 
the past or disappear entirely, or have other consequences that cannot be predicted. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. The 
UK Benchmarks Regulation among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a 
benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, 
not deemed to be equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation (as applicable) could have a 
material impact on any Covered Bonds linked to a rate or index deemed to be a benchmark, in particular, 
if the methodology or other terms of a benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation (as applicable). Such changes could, 
among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such 
factors may have the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to such benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies 
used in the benchmarks or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the benchmark. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 27 July 2017, the FCA announced that it will no longer 
persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021 and on 5 
March 2021 confirmed that most LIBOR tenors would cease to be representative benchmarks from the end 
of 2021 (in the case of GBP LIBOR) or June 2023 (in the case of USD LIBOR). Such announcements 
indicate that LIBOR will not continue in its current form. In addition, on 29 November 2017, the Bank of 
England and the FCA announced that, from January 2018, its working group on Sterling risk-free rates has 
been mandated with implementing a broad-based transition to the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
("SONIA") across sterling bond, loan and derivative markets so that SONIA is established as the primary 
sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021. 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk-free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro risk-free rates recommended the new euro short-term 
rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 
2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether 
it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of LIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions, 
or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Covered Bonds linked to such benchmark (including 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds whose interest rates are linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other such 
benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, 
uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark 
may adversely affect such during the term of the relevant Covered Bonds, the return on the relevant Covered

--- Page 30 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 20- 
70-41013180 
 
Bonds and the trading market for securities (including the Covered Bonds) based on the same benchmark. 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event 
that a published benchmark, such as LIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be 
published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable, unlawful or unrepresentative, including the 
possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and 
that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the 
recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out 
of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Covered 
Bonds may not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in the Covered Bonds performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued 
to apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result 
in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Covered Bonds based on the rate which was last observed on 
the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates 
and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions), 
the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of EU, UK or other 
international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, or any further 
uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes could have a material 
adverse effect on the trading market for, value of and return on any Covered Bonds linked to such 
benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation (as applicable) 
reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with 
respect to the Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as reference rates for floating rate 
Covered Bonds. 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as reference rates in the capital markets and their adoption as an 
alternative to Sterling or U.S. dollar LIBOR, respectively. In particular, market participants and relevant 
working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA and SOFR, including term 
SONIA and SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average 
SONIA and SOFR rate over a designated term). 
The use of SONIA and SOFR as a reference rate for Eurobonds continues to develop both in terms of the 
substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance 
and trading of bonds referencing SONIA and SOFR. In particular, investors should be aware that several 
different SOFR methodologies have been used in SONIA and SOFR linked Covered Bonds issued to date 
and no assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the 
terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds, will gain widespread market acceptance. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or SOFR that differs 
significantly from that set out in the terms and conditions applicable to the Covered Bonds. Furthermore, 
the Issuer may in future issue Covered Bonds referencing SONIA or SOFR that differ materially in terms 
of interest determination when compared with the Covered Bonds. In addition, the manner of adoption or 
application of SONIA or SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared 
with the application and adoption of SONIA or SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference 
rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in 
place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Covered Bonds referencing SONIA or 
SOFR. 
SONIA and SOFR differ from LIBOR in a number of material respects and have a limited history. 
SONIA and SOFR differ from LIBOR in a number of material respects, including that SONIA and SOFR 
are backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rates, whereas LIBOR is expressed on the basis

--- Page 31 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 21- 
70-41013180 
 
of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors 
should be aware that LIBOR and SONIA or SOFR may behave materially differently as interest reference 
rates for the Covered Bonds. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding 
transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to LIBOR which is an unsecured rate. For 
example, since publication of SOFR began in April 2018 daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been 
more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Publication of SONIA and SOFR began in April 2018 and the rates therefore have a limited history. The 
future performance of SONIA and SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical 
performance. The level of SONIA and SOFR during the term of the Covered Bonds may bear little or no 
relation to the historical level of SONIA or SOFR. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of 
market variables and their relation to SONIA and SOFR such as correlations, may change in the future. 
Furthermore, interest on Covered Bonds which reference SONIA or SOFR will only be capable of being 
determined at the end of the relevant Observation Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Covered Bonds which reference SONIA or SOFR to 
estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Covered Bonds, and some investors 
may be unable or unwilling to trade such Covered Bonds without changes to their IT systems, both of which 
factors could adversely impact the liquidity of such Covered Bonds. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based 
Covered Bonds, if Covered Bonds referencing SONIA or SOFR are redeemed early on a date which is not 
an Interest Payment Date, the final interest rate payable in respect of such Covered Bonds shall be 
determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Covered 
Bonds become due and payable. 
The administrator of SONIA or SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or 
SOFR or discontinue SONIA or SOFR. 
The Bank of England or The New York Federal Reserve (or a successor), as administrator of SONIA (and 
SONIA Compounded Index) or SOFR (and SOFR Compounded Index) may make methodological or other 
changes that could change the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the 
method by which such rates and/or indices are calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions 
used to calculate such rates and/or indices, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SONIA 
Compounded Index, SOFR or SOFR Compounded Index. In addition, the administrator may alter, 
discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index,  SOFR or 
SOFR Compounded Index (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Covered 
Bonds will apply). An administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Covered Bondholders 
when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such rates and/or indices. 
Fixed rate Covered Bonds are subject to interest rate risks. 
Investment in fixed rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates 
may adversely affect the value of fixed rate Covered Bonds. 
Interest on floating rate Covered Bonds may fall below the margin. 
A Holder of floating rate Covered Bonds is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and 
uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of 
floating rate Covered Bonds in advance. In the event that the reference rate used to calculate the applicable 
interest rate turns negative, the interest rate will be below the margin, if any, and may be zero and 
accordingly, the Holders of floating rate Covered Bonds may not be entitled to interest payments for certain, 
or all, interest periods. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be 
taken as an indication of the future development of such floating rate during the term of any Covered Bonds. 
Risks relating to fixed/floating rate Covered Bonds. 
Fixed/floating rate Covered Bonds may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect the 
secondary market and the market value of such Covered Bonds since the Issuer may be expected to convert 
the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the fixed/floating rate Covered Bonds may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate Covered Bonds tied to the same reference rate. In addition,

--- Page 32 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 22- 
70-41013180 
 
the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Covered Bonds. If the Issuer converts 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on other Covered 
Bonds.

--- Page 33 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 23- 
70-41013180 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information, which has previously been published or is published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and has been submitted to and filed with the Central Bank, shall be deemed to be 
incorporated in, and to form part of, this document: 
1) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 50 to 72 of the base prospectus dated 1 November 2016 
relating to the Programme and available at https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-149759/2016-11-
01_Base-Prospectus-for-Nordea-Mortgage-Bank-Covered-Bond-Programme-1-November-
2016_EN.pdf, under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds"; 
2) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 54 to 79 of the base prospectus dated 23 November 2017 
relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
and 
available 
https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-
235200/Base%20Prospectus%20for%20Nordea%20Mortgage%20Bank%20Covered%20Bond%
20Programme%2023%20November%202017.pdf, under the heading "Terms and Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds"; 
3) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 70 to 101 of the base prospectus dated 13 February 2019 
relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
and 
available 
https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-
303240/Base%20Prospectus%20for%20Nordea%20Mortgage%20Bank%20Covered%20Bond%
20Programme%2013%20February%202019.pdf, under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds"; and 
4) 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 68 to 99 of the base prospectus dated 2 April 2020 
relating 
to 
the 
Programme 
and 
available 
https://www.nordea.com/Images/33-
359512/Base%20Prospectus%20for%20Nordea%20Mortgage%20Bank%20Covered%20Bond%
20Programme%202%20April%202020.pdf, under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds" 
The Issuer will provide, without charge, to each person to whom a copy of this Base Prospectus has been 
delivered, upon the oral or written request of such person, a copy of any or all of the documents which, or 
portions of which, are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference. Written or telephone requests for 
such documents should be directed to the Issuer at its principal office set out at the end of this Base 
Prospectus. In addition, such documents will be available at https://www.nordea.com. Any information 
contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors in the Covered Bonds or is covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on websites referred to in this Base Prospectus 
do not form part of this Base Prospectus. Such documents will also be available from the principal office 
of the Fiscal Agent. 
The Issuer will, in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
the information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any 
Covered Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 34 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 24- 
70-41013180 
 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS 
Covered Bonds may be issued (i) in the case of Covered Bonds other than Finnish Covered Bonds, in bearer 
form or in registered form or (ii) in the case of Finnish Covered Bonds, in uncertificated and dematerialised 
book-entry form cleared through Euroclear Finland, as the case may be, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement. Covered Bonds in bearer form will not be exchangeable for Covered Bonds 
in registered form and Covered Bonds in registered form will not be exchangeable for Covered Bonds in 
bearer form. 
Form of Bearer Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds of each Tranche of each Series to be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Covered Bonds" 
comprising a "Bearer Series") will initially be represented by a temporary global covered bond in bearer 
form (each a "Temporary Global Covered Bond"), without interest coupons ("Coupons") or talons for 
further Coupons ("Talons"). Covered Bonds may be issued in Classic Global Covered Bond ("CGCB") or 
New Global Covered Bond ("New Global Covered Bond" or "NGCB") form, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Each Temporary Global Covered Bond which is not intended to be 
issued in a New Global Covered Bond form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
will be deposited with a common depositary on behalf of Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") on the relevant Issue Date. Each Temporary 
Global Covered Bond which is intended to be issued in New Global Covered Bond form, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, will be deposited with a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on the relevant Issue Date. 
The NGCB form has been introduced to allow for the possibility of Covered Bonds being issued and held 
in a manner which will permit them to be recognised as eligible collateral for monetary policy of the central 
banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem") and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. However in any particular case such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria at the relevant time. 
Interests in a Temporary Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable for interests in a permanent global 
covered bond in bearer form (each, a "Permanent Global Covered Bond"), without Coupons or Talons, 
on or after the date 40 days after the later of the relevant Issue Date and the completion of distribution of 
all Covered Bonds of a Tranche of a Bearer Series (the "Exchange Date"), upon certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership. Each Permanent Global Covered Bond which is not intended to be issued in 
NGCB form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, will be deposited with a 
common depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear or any other relevant clearing 
system(s) on the relevant Exchange Date. Each Permanent Global Covered Bond which is intended to be 
issued in NGCB form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, will be deposited 
with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on the relevant Exchange Date. 
The Permanent Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable in whole (but not in part) for definitive Bearer 
Covered Bonds in the limited circumstances more fully described herein. 
In the case of Bearer Covered Bonds (or any Tranche thereof) having a maturity of more than 1 year from 
the Issue Date, the Permanent Global Covered Bond, the definitive Bearer Covered Bonds and any Coupons 
and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code." 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Bearer Covered 
Bond, Coupon or Talon will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or 
exercise or redemption of such Bearer Covered Bond, Coupon or Talon and any gain (which might 
otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or exercise or redemption 
will be treated as ordinary income. 
If any interest payment on the Covered Bonds of a particular Series falls due whilst any of the Covered 
Bonds of that Series are represented by a Temporary Global Covered Bond, the related interest payment 
will be made on such Temporary Global Covered Bond only to the extent that certification as to non-US

--- Page 35 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 25- 
70-41013180 
 
beneficial ownership has been received by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant 
clearing system(s) in accordance with the terms of such Temporary Global Covered Bond. Payments of 
amounts due in respect of a Permanent Global Covered Bond will be made through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system(s) without any requirement for 
certification. 
The relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will specify that a Permanent Global Covered Bond will 
be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Covered Bonds ("Definitive Bearer 
Covered Bonds") upon: (i) the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement; (ii) at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; or (iii) if the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies "in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Covered Bond", then only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. Covered Bonds for which the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement permit trading 
in the Clearing Systems in Tradable Amounts which are not a Specified Denomination will only be 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Covered Bonds upon an Exchange Event. For these purposes, 
"Exchange Event" means that the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in 
fact done so and no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent is available. The Issuer will 
promptly give notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) of the "Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds" if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Permanent Global Covered Bond) may give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting exchange. Any such 
exchange shall occur not later than 30 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Fiscal 
Agent. Definitive Bearer Covered Bonds will, if interest bearing, have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, 
a Talon for further Coupons. 
Form of Registered Covered Bonds 
Each Tranche of Registered Covered Bonds will be in registered form represented by either individual 
Registered Covered Bond certificates in registered form ("Individual Covered Bond Certificates") or a 
global covered bond in registered form (a "Global Registered Covered Bond"), as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Each Registered Covered Bond represented by a Global Registered 
Covered Bond will either be: (a) in the case of a Global Registered Covered Bond which is not to be held 
under the new safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name of 
a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Covered Bond will be deposited on or about 
the issue date with the common depositary; or (b) in the case of a Global Registered Covered Bond to be 
held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant Global Registered Covered Bond 
will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
The NSS form has been introduced to allow for the possibility of Covered Bonds being issued and held in 
a manner which will permit them to be recognised as eligible collateral for monetary policy of the 
Eurosystem and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. However in any particular case, such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria at the relevant time. 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being "Individual 
Covered Bond Certificates", then the Covered Bonds will at all times be in the form of Individual Covered 
Bond Certificates issued to each Holder in respect of their respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being "Global 
Registered Covered Bonds exchangeable for Individual Covered Bond Certificates", then the Covered 
Bonds will initially be in the form of a Global Registered Covered Bond which will be exchangeable in 
whole, but not in part, for Individual Covered Bond Certificates upon: (i) the expiry of such period of notice 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; (ii) at any time, if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; or (iii) if the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
specifies "in the limited circumstances specified in the Global Registered Covered Bond", then only upon 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event.

--- Page 36 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 26- 
70-41013180 
 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) of the "Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of 
an interest in such Global Registered Covered Bond) may give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than five Business Days after the date on which such 
information as is required to complete and deliver Individual Covered Bond Certificates is delivered to the 
Registrar. 
Form of Finnish Covered Bonds 
Each Tranche of Finnish Covered Bonds will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry 
form in accordance with the Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on improving securities settlement in the European Union and on central securities depositories and the 
Finnish Act on the Book-Entry Securities System and Clearing Activity (Laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja 
selvitystoiminnasta 348/2017), as amended. No global or definitive Covered Bonds will be issued in respect 
thereof. The holder of a Finnish Covered Bond will be the person evidenced as such by the register for such 
Covered Bond maintained by Euroclear Finland on behalf of the Issuer. Where a nominee in accordance 
with such legislation is so evidenced it shall be treated by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant Finnish 
Covered Bond. 
Title to Finnish Covered Bonds will pass by transfer between accountholders of Euroclear Finland, 
perfected in accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear 
Finland that are in force and effect from time to time. Issues of Finnish Covered Bonds will be issued with 
the benefit of the Fiscal Agency Agreement. On the issue of Finnish Covered Bonds, the Issuer will send a 
copy of the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement to the Paying Agent, with copies sent to the Fiscal 
Agent and the Finnish Issuing Agent. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of the Finnish Covered Bonds in Euroclear Finland 
will take place in accordance with market practice at the time of the transaction. Transfers of interests in 
the relevant Finnish Covered Bonds will take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time 
being of Euroclear Finland. 
The person evidenced (including any nominee) as a holder of the Finnish Covered Bonds shall be treated 
as the holder of such Finnish Covered Bonds for the purposes of payment of principal or interest on such 
Finnish Covered Bonds. The expressions "Covered Bondholders" and "holder of Covered Bonds" and 
related expressions shall, in each case, be construed accordingly.

--- Page 37 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 27- 
70-41013180 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE COVERED BONDS WHILE IN GLOBAL 
FORM 
Each Temporary Global Covered Bond, Permanent Global Covered Bond and Global Registered Covered 
Bond, (each a "Global Covered Bond"), contains provisions which apply to the Covered Bonds while they 
are in global form, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds set 
out herein. Set out in this section is a summary of certain of those provisions. 
Payments in respect of Bearer Covered Bonds 
Payments of principal, interest and any additional amounts pursuant to Condition 7 (Payments) of the 
Covered Bonds, if any, in respect of the Bearer Covered Bonds when represented by a Temporary Global 
Covered Bond or a Permanent Global Covered Bond which is not intended to be issued in NGCB form, 
will be made against presentation and surrender or, as the case may be, presentation of the relevant 
Temporary Global Covered Bond or Permanent Global Covered Bond to or to the order of any of the Paying 
Agents. In respect of Covered Bonds in CGCB form, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed 
on the relevant schedule to the Temporary Global Covered Bond or Permanent Global Covered Bond by or 
on behalf of the Fiscal Agent, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been 
made. In respect of Covered Bonds in NGCB form, the Fiscal Agent will arrange for a record of each 
payment so made to be entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payments in respect of Registered Covered Bonds 
Payments of principal, interest and any additional amounts pursuant to Condition 7 (Payments) of the 
Covered Bonds, if any, in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds when represented by a Global 
Registered Covered Bond will be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Global Registered 
Covered Bond at the specified office of the Registrar. 
Notices 
So long as the Covered Bonds of any Series are represented by a Global Covered Bond, notices to holders 
of Covered Bonds may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any other relevant clearing system(s) for communication by them to entitled account holders in 
substitution for publication as required by the Conditions provided that, in the case of Covered Bonds 
listed with any listing authority(ies) or any stock exchange, the requirements (if any) of such listing 
authority(ies) or stock exchange(s) have been complied with. 
Meetings 
The holder of a Temporary Global Covered Bond, Permanent Global Covered Bond or Global Registered 
Covered Bond, as the case may be, will be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum 
requirements of a meeting of holders of Covered Bonds. 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Covered Bond surrendered for cancellation following its redemption will be effected 
by reduction in the principal amount of the relevant Temporary Global Covered Bond, Permanent Global 
Covered Bond or Global Registered Covered Bond, as the case may be. 
Issuer's Option 
No drawing of Covered Bonds will be required under Condition 5(c) (Optional Early Redemption (Call)) 
in the event that the Issuer exercises any option relating to those Covered Bonds while all such Covered 
Bonds which are outstanding are represented by a Temporary Global Covered Bond, Permanent Global 
Covered Bond or Global Registered Covered Bond, as the case may be. In such event, standard procedures 
of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) or, as the case 
may be, such other relevant clearing system(s) shall operate to determine which interests in such Global 
Covered Bonds are to be subject to such option.

--- Page 38 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 28- 
70-41013180 
 
Holder's Option 
For so long as the Covered Bonds of any Series are represented by either a Temporary Global Covered 
Bond, a Permanent Global Covered Bond or Global Registered Covered Bond, as the case may be, the 
owner of a beneficial interest therein may exercise its option to redeem Covered Bonds under Condition 
5(e) (Optional Early Redemption (Put)) of the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (where such put 
option is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being applicable) by depositing 
the redemption notice with any Agent, together with an authority to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any other relevant clearing system(s) to effect redemption (in accordance with its operating procedures 
and rules) of the portion of the Temporary Global Covered Bond, Permanent Global Covered Bond or 
Global Registered Covered Bond, as the case may be, which represents the Covered Bonds then being 
redeemed. 
Conditions apply 
Until the whole of a Temporary Global Covered Bond, Permanent Global Covered Bond or Global 
Registered Covered Bond, as the case may be, has been exchanged as provided therein or cancelled in 
accordance with the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the holder of the Global Covered Bond shall be subject to 
the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds set out herein and, subject as therein otherwise provided, 
shall be entitled to the same rights and benefits thereunder as if the bearer were the holder of the Definitive 
Covered Bonds and Coupons represented by the relevant part of the relevant Global Covered Bond. 
Record Date 
Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Covered Bond will be made to the person shown as the 
Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System 
Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System Business 
Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered Covered Bond is being 
held is open for business. 
Business Day 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Business Day" in Condition 7(4)(c)(i) of the terms and conditions of the 
Covered Bonds, while all the Covered Bonds are represented by a Permanent Global Covered Bond (or by 
a Permanent Global Covered Bond and/or a Temporary Global Covered Bond) or a Global Registered 
Covered Bond and the Permanent Global Covered Bond is (or the Permanent Global Covered Bond and/or 
the Temporary Global Covered Bond are), or the Global Registered Covered Bond is deposited with a 
depositary or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system, "Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET2 Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Relevant Financial Centre; 
or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried 
on in the Relevant Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each other (if any) Relevant 
Financial Centre.

--- Page 39 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 29- 
70-41013180 
 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
The information set out below is subject to changes in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear Finland (the "Clearing Systems") from 
time to time. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any Clearing System must check the rules, regulations 
and procedures of the relevant Clearing System which are in effect at the relevant time. 
General 
The Covered Bonds will be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear 
Finland. 
Euroclear 
The Euroclear System was created in 1968 to hold securities for participants in Euroclear ("Euroclear 
Participants") and to effect transactions between Euroclear Participants through simultaneous book entry 
delivery against payment, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates and any risk 
from lack of simultaneous transfer of securities and cash. Euroclear Participants include banks (including 
central banks), securities brokers and dealers and other professional financial intermediaries. Indirect access 
to Euroclear is also available to other firms that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a 
Euroclear Participant, either directly or indirectly. 
The Euroclear group reshaped its corporate structure in 2000 and 2001, transforming the Belgian company 
Euroclear Clearance System (Société Coopérative) into Euroclear Bank SA/NV, which now operates the 
Euroclear System. In 2005, a new Belgian holding company, Euroclear SA/NV, was created as the owner 
of all the shared technology and services supplied to each of the Euroclear CSDs and the ICSD. Euroclear 
SA/NV is owned by Euroclear plc, a company organised under the laws of England and Wales, which is 
owned by market participants using Euroclear services as members. 
As an ICSD, Euroclear provides settlement and related securities services for cross-border transactions 
involving domestic and international bonds, equities, derivatives and investment funds, and offers clients a 
single access point to post-trade services in over 40 markets. 
Distributions with respect to interests in Temporary Global Covered Bonds, Permanent Global Covered 
Bonds or Definitive Bearer Covered Bonds held through Euroclear will be credited to the Euroclear cash 
accounts of Euroclear Participants to the extent received by Euroclear's depositary, in accordance with the 
Euroclear terms and conditions. Euroclear will take any other action permitted to be taken by a holder of 
any such Temporary Global Covered Bonds, Permanent Global Covered Bonds or Definitive Bearer 
Covered Bonds on behalf of a Euroclear Participant only in accordance with the Euroclear terms and 
conditions. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), located at 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg was incorporated in 1970 as a limited company under Luxembourg law. It is registered as a 
bank in Luxembourg, and as such is subject to regulation by the CSSF, which supervises Luxembourg 
banks. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of 
securities transactions by book entry transfers between their accounts. Clearstream, Luxembourg provides 
various services, including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded 
securities and securities lending and borrowing. Clearstream, Luxembourg also deals with domestic 
securities markets in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Over 
300,000 domestic and internationally traded bonds, equities and investment funds are currently deposited 
with Clearstream, Luxembourg. Currently, Clearstream, Luxembourg has approximately 2,500 customers 
in over 110 countries. Indirect access to Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions which 
clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg.

--- Page 40 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 30- 
70-41013180 
 
Euroclear Finland 
Euroclear Finland is a Finnish limited liability company which operates under the supervision of the Finnish 
Financial Supervisory Authority and is authorised as a central securities depository and clearinghouse. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of Covered Bonds in Euroclear Finland will take 
place two Helsinki business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Covered Bonds in Euroclear 
Finland may be transferred between accountholders at Euroclear Finland in accordance with the procedures 
and regulations, for the time being, of Euroclear Finland. A transfer of Covered Bonds which are held in 
Euroclear Finland through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is only possible by using an account 
operator linked to Euroclear Finland. 
The address of Euroclear Finland Ltd is Euroclear Finland Ltd, PB 1110, FI-00101 Helsinki, Finland.

--- Page 41 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 31- 
70-41013180 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
A pro forma Final Terms for use in connection with the Programme is set out below. This pro forma is 
subject to completion to set out the terms upon which each Tranche of Covered Bonds is to be issued. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS– The Covered Bonds are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 42 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 32- 
70-41013180 
 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
section 309A of the SFA) that the Covered Bonds are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/["capital 
markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore).] 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
In accessing the attached final terms (the "Final Terms") you agree to be bound by the following terms 
and conditions. 
The information contained in the Final Terms may be addressed to and/or targeted at persons who are 
residents of particular countries only as specified in the Final Terms and/or in the Base Prospectus (as 
defined in the Final Terms) and is not intended for use and should not be relied upon by any person outside 
those countries and/or to whom the offer contained in the Final Terms is not addressed. Prior to relying 
on the information contained in the Final Terms, you must ascertain from the Final Terms and/or 
the Base Prospectus whether or not you are an intended addressee of the information contained 
therein. 
Neither the Final Terms nor the Base Prospectus constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to 
buy securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would 
be unlawful prior to registration, exemption from registration or qualification under the securities law of 
any such jurisdiction. 
The securities described in the Final Terms and the Base Prospectus have not been, and will not be, 
registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered 
or sold directly or indirectly within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons or 
to persons within the United States of America (as such terms are defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act ("Regulation S")). The securities described in the Final Terms will only be offered in 
offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance upon Regulation S. 
Final Terms dated: [•] 
NORDEA MORTGAGE BANK PLC 
Issue of 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] 
[Title of Covered Bonds] 
Issued under the 
€25,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 29 April 2021 [and the base prospectus supplement[s] 
dated [•] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus] (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described 
herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and 
the base prospectus supplement[s]] and the Final Terms are available for viewing during normal business 
hours at, and copies may be obtained from, the principal office of the Issuer at Satamaradankatu 5, 00020 
NORDEA, Helsinki and [has/have] been published on the Issuer's website www.nordea.com.] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date: 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [[1 November 2016]/[23 November 2017]/[13 
February 2019]/[2 April 2020]] [and the base prospectus supplement[s] dated [•]]. This document 
comprises the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus

--- Page 43 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 33- 
70-41013180 
 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [•] 2021 [and the base 
prospectus supplement[s] dated [•]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus") for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which 
are extracted from the [base prospectus] dated [[1 November 2016]/[23 November 2017]/[13 February 
2019]/[2 April 2020]] [and the base prospectus supplement[s] dated [•]] and are incorporated by reference 
in the Base Prospectus. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms [,] [and] the Base Prospectus [and the base prospectus supplement[s] 
dated [•]]. The Base Prospectus [,] [and] the [base prospectus] dated [[1 November 2016]/[23 November 
2017]/[13 February 2019]/][2 April 2020]] [and the base prospectus supplement[s]] [is] [are] available for 
viewing during normal business hours at, and copies may be obtained from, the principal office of the Issuer 
at Satamaradankatu 5, 00020 NORDEA, Helsinki and [has/have] been published on the Issuer's website 
www.nordea.com.] 
[For the purposes of these Final Terms, the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
(EU) No. 2017/1129.] 
[These Covered Bonds are Finnish Covered Bonds. Holders of the Finnish Covered Bonds are entitled to 
the benefit of, and are bound by and are deemed to have notice of, the provisions of the deed of covenant 
dated 29 April 2021 executed by the Issuer constituting the Finnish Covered Bonds. [This paragraph need 
only be included if the Final Terms relates to Finnish Covered Bonds.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc 
 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number:  
[•] 
 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Covered Bonds 
become fungible:  
Not Applicable / The Covered Bonds shall be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[provide 
issue 
amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] (the 
"Original Covered Bonds") on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Covered Bonds for interests in the Permanent 
Global Covered Bonds, as described in these 
Final Terms [which is expected to occur on or 
about [•]] 
 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[•] 
 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Tranche [plus accrued interest 
from [insert date] if applicable] 
 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
 
 
(No Covered Bonds may be issued which have 
a minimum denomination of less than EUR 
100,000 (or equivalent in another currency))

--- Page 44 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 34- 
70-41013180 
 
[Where a tranche of Covered Bonds is issued 
in multiple denominations, and Covered Bonds 
are not being issued in registered form, the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
So long as the Covered Bonds are represented 
by a Temporary Global Covered Bond or a 
Permanent Global Covered Bond and the 
relevant clearing systems so permit, the 
Covered Bonds will be tradeable only in the 
minimum authorised denomination of [EUR 
100,000] and higher integral multiples of 
[EUR 
1,000], 
notwithstanding 
that 
no 
Definitive Covered Bonds will be issued with 
a denomination above [EUR 199,000].] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
[If there is more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common 
factor of these Specified Denominations (note: 
there must be a common factor of two or more 
Specified Denominations).] 
 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[•] 
 
8. 
(i) 
Maturity Date: 
[•] / Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest 
to [•] (in the case of Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds) 
 
 
(ii) 
Extended Maturity Date: 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
 
 
 
[If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sections of this subparagraph] 
 
 
 
[The Extended Maturity Date is [[•]/Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [•] (in the 
case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds)]. 
 
 
 
[If applicable, complete relevant sections 
regarding interest, etc.] 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[•] per cent. Fixed Rate / [insert period of time 
e.g. 3 months] LIBOR/ EURIBOR/ BBSW/ 
BKBM/ CDOR/ CIBOR/ HIBOR/ JIBAR/ 
MOSPRIME/ 
NIBOR/ 
SOFR/ 
SONIA/ 
STIBOR/ TIBOR/ TIIE/ TRLIBOR/ WIBOR 
± [•] per cent. Floating Rate / Zero Coupon 
 
10. 
Redemption: 
Redemption at par, subject to any purchase and 
cancellation or early redemption 
 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
Not Applicable / Investor Put / Issuer Call 
 
12. 
Authorisation: 
Not Applicable / The issuance of the Covered 
Bonds was authorised by a decision of [•] 
dated [•]

--- Page 45 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 35- 
70-41013180 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE TO MATURITY DATE 
 
13. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds Provisions 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining  
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable [annually / 
semi-annually / quarterly / monthly] in arrear 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year[, adjusted [for payment 
purposes only] in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable 
Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
"Business Day"]/, not adjusted] 
 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
Not Applicable / Insert particulars of any 
initial or final broken interest amounts which 
do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)] 
 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
/ Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
 
 
[Insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case 
of a long and short first or last coupon] 
 
 
 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case 
of regular interest payment dates which are not 
of equal duration). 
 
 
 
(NB: Only relevant where Day Count Fraction 
is Actual/Actual (ICMA)). 
 
14. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds Provisions 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] in each year commencing on [•] up to and 
including [•] 
[No adjustments will be made to the Interest 
Amounts [except for the Broken Amount for 
the [first/last] Interest Payment Date on [•]]] 
 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
/ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
/ Modified Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention / FRN 
Convention / Floating Rate Convention / 
Eurodollar Convention / No Adjustment 
 
 
(iii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
Screen Rate Determination  
 
 
(iv) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
[Calculation Agent] / [•]

--- Page 46 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 36- 
70-41013180 
 
Amount(s): 
 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[•] 
 
 
— Reference Rate: 
[insert period of time e.g. 3 months] LIBOR/ 
EURIBOR/ BBSW/ BKBM/ CDOR/ CIBOR/ 
HIBOR/ 
JIBAR/ 
MOSPRIME/ 
NIBOR/ 
SOFR/ SONIA/ STIBOR/ TIBOR/ TIIE/ 
TRLIBOR/ WIBOR 
[The applicable Reference Rate for the 
first/last short/long Interest Period is [LIBOR/ 
EURIBOR/ BBSW/ BKBM/ CDOR/ CIBOR/ 
HIBOR/ JIBAR/ MOSPRIME/ NIBOR/ SOFR 
/ SONIA/ STIBOR/ TIBOR/ TIIE/ TRLIBOR/ 
WIBOR] 
 
 
— Index Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
— SONIA Compounded Index: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
— SOFR Compounded Index:  
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
— Relevant Decimal Place: 
[  ] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place in the case of 
the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh 
decimal place in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index) 
 
 
— Relevant Number: 
[  ] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, Relevant Number shall be, in the case 
of the SONIA Compounded Index shall be 
[five] and in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index shall be [two]) 
 
 
— Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
— Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
 
— Relevant Time: 
[As set out in Condition 4(b) / [•]] 
 
 
(vi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period) 
 
 
(vii) 
Determination Agent: 
[•] / Not Applicable 
 
 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
[±][•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(ix) 
Observation Look-back Period: 
[[     ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(x) 
"p" 
[[     ] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days/London Business Days/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable 
 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable 
 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
/ Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) /

--- Page 47 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 37- 
70-41013180 
 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
(xiv) 
Benchmark Replacement Fallback: 
[Condition 4(h)(Benchmark Replacement – 
Independent 
Adviser) 
is 
applicable] 
/ 
[Condition 4(i)(Benchmark Replacement – 
ARRC) is applicable.] 
(If the Reference Rate is SOFR, "Condition 4(i) 
(Benchmark Replacement – ARRC)" should be 
selected as applicable.) 
 
 
(xv) 
Compounded SOFR 
[Compounded 
SOFR 
with 
Lookback 
/ 
Compounded SOFR with Observation Period 
Shift / Not Applicable] 
 
15. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds Provisions 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining  
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
/ Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE FROM THE MATURITY 
DATE TO THE EXTENDED MATURITY DATE 
 
16. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds Provisions 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining  
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable [annually / 
semi-annually / quarterly / monthly] in arrear 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] / [•] in each year[, adjusted [for payment 
purposes only] in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable 
Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
"Business Day"]/, not adjusted] 
 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
Not Applicable / Insert particulars of any 
initial or final broken interest amounts which 
do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)] 
 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
/ Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[•] in each year

--- Page 48 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 38- 
70-41013180 
 
 
 
[Insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case 
of a long and short first or last coupon] 
 
 
 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case 
of regular interest payment dates which are not 
of equal duration). 
 
 
 
(NB: Only relevant where Day Count Fraction 
is Actual/Actual (ICMA)). 
 
17. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds Provisions 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] in each year commencing on [•] up to and 
including [•] 
[No adjustments will be made to the Interest 
Amounts [except for the Broken Amount for 
the [first/last] Interest Payment Date on [•]]] 
 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
/ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
/ Modified Business Day Convention / 
Preceding Business Day Convention / FRN 
Convention / Floating Rate Convention / 
Eurodollar Convention / No Adjustment 
 
 
(iii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
Screen Rate Determination  
 
 
(iv) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent] / [•] 
 
 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[•] 
 
 
 
— Reference Rate: 
[insert period of time e.g. 3 months] LIBOR/ 
EURIBOR/ BBSW/ BKBM/ CDOR/ CIBOR/ 
HIBOR/ 
JIBAR/ 
MOSPRIME/ 
NIBOR/ 
SOFR/ SONIA/ STIBOR/ TIBOR/ TIIE/ 
TRLIBOR/ WIBOR 
 
 
 
— Index Determination: 
[The applicable Reference Rate for the 
first/last short/long Interest Period is [LIBOR/ 
EURIBOR/ BBSW/ BKBM/ CDOR/ CIBOR/ 
HIBOR/ JIBAR/ MOSPRIME/ NIBOR/ SOFR 
/ SONIA/ STIBOR/ TIBOR/ TIIE/ TRLIBOR/ 
WIBOR] 
 
 
 
— SONIA Compounded Index: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
— SOFR Compounded Index:  
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
— Relevant Decimal Place: 
[  ] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place in the case of 
the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh 
decimal place in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index) 
 
 
 
— Relevant Number: 
[  ] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place in the case of 
the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh

--- Page 49 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 39- 
70-41013180 
 
decimal place in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index) 
 
 
[  ] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, Relevant Number shall be, in the case 
of the SONIA Compounded Index shall be 
[five] and in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index shall be [two]) 
 
 
 
— Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
 
— Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
 
 
— Relevant Time: 
[As set out in Condition 4(b) / [•]] 
 
 
(vi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period) 
 
 
(vii) 
Determination Agent: 
[•] / Not Applicable 
 
 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
[±][•] per cent. per annum 
 
 
(ix) 
Observation Look-back Period: 
[[     ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(x) 
"p" 
[[     ] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days/ LondonBusiness Days /Not Applicable] 
 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable 
 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable 
 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
/ Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
 
(xiv) 
Benchmark Replacement Fallback: 
[Condition 4(h)(Benchmark Replacement – 
Independent 
Adviser) 
is 
applicable] 
/ 
[Condition 4(i)(Benchmark Replacement – 
ARRC) is applicable.] 
 
 
 
(If the Reference Rate is SOFR, "Condition 4(i) 
(Benchmark Replacement – ARRC)" should be 
selected as applicable.) 
 
 
(xv)    Compounded SOFR 
[Compounded 
SOFR 
with 
Lookback 
/ 
Compounded SOFR with Observation Period 
Shift / Not Applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
18. 
Call Option 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•]/[Any date from and including [•] to but 
excluding [•]] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 50 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 40- 
70-41013180 
 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
 
19. 
Put Option 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining  
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•]/[Any date from and including [•] to but 
excluding [•]] 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Covered Bond: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount 
Par 
 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount 
[•] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or other early 
redemption: 
[Condition 5[(b)/(c)/(e)] of the Covered Bonds 
applies] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
 
22. 
Form of Covered Bonds 
[Bearer Covered Bonds]: 
 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Covered 
Bond 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Covered 
Bond which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Covered Bonds on [•] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global Covered Bond] 
 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Covered 
Bond 
exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds on 
[•] days' notice.] 
 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Covered 
Bonds 
exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds on 
[•] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Covered Bonds.] 
 
 
 
[Registered 
Covered 
Bonds: 
Individual 
Covered Bond Certificates / Global Registered 
Covered Bond [exchangeable for Individual 
Covered Bond Certificates on [•] days' 
notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Global Registered Covered

--- Page 51 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 41- 
70-41013180 
 
Bond]] 
 
 
[Finnish Covered Bonds]: 
 
 
 
[The Covered Bonds] are [Finnish Covered 
Bonds] in uncertificated and dematerialised 
book-entry form.] 
 
 
 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time 
options should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the Specified Denomination of the 
Covered Bonds in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]." Furthermore, such Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issue of Covered Bonds which 
is to be represented on issue by a Temporary 
Global Covered Bond exchangeable for 
Definitive Covered Bonds) 
 
23. 
[New Global Covered Bonds]/[New 
Safekeeping Structure]: 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
 
24. 
Additional cities for the purposes of the 
definition of Relevant Financial Centre: 
Not Applicable / Give details 
 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Covered Bonds (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
Yes. The Talons mature on [•] / No 
 
26. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[LIBOR / EURIBOR / BBSW / BKBM / 
CDOR / CIBOR / HIBOR / JIBAR / 
MOSPRIME / NIBOR/ SOFR/ SONIA / 
STIBOR / TIBOR / TIIE / TRLIBOR / 
WIBOR] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. [As at the date 
hereof, [[administrator legal name] [appears] 
/[does not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant 
to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, 
as amended]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as 
at the date hereof, [LIBOR / EURIBOR / 
BBSW / BKBM / CDOR / CIBOR / HIBOR / 
JIBAR / MOSPRIME / NIBOR/ SOFR/ 
SONIA / STIBOR / TIBOR / TIIE / TRLIBOR 
/ WIBOR] does not fall within the scope of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended] / [As 
far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name 
of administrator] is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence)] / 
 
[LIBOR / EURIBOR / BBSW / BKBM / 
CDOR / CIBOR / HIBOR / JIBAR /

--- Page 52 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 42- 
70-41013180 
 
MOSPRIME / NIBOR/ SOFR/ SONIA / 
STIBOR / TIBOR / TIIE / TRLIBOR / 
WIBOR is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date 
hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
FCA pursuant to [Article 36] (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer 
is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
apply, such that [name of administrator] is not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside 
the 
UK, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence)] / 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc: 
 
 
By:  .....................................................................  
By:  .............................................................. 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
Date: .....................................................................  
Date: ..............................................................

--- Page 53 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 43- 
70-41013180 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
 LISTING  
 
 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Not Applicable]/[Application has been made 
to the Euronext Dublin for the Covered Bonds 
to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on its regulated market with effect from 
[•]] 
[The Covered Bonds shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the Original Covered 
Bonds on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Covered Bonds for interests 
in the Permanent Global Covered Bonds, as 
described in these Final Terms [which is 
expected to occur on or about [•]]] 
 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already 
admitted to trading.) 
 
2. 
 RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The tranche of Covered Bonds itself has not 
been assigned any ratings solicited by the 
Issuer / The tranche of Covered Bonds itself is 
expected to be rated: 
 
 
 
[Moody's Investors Service 
Limited: 
[•]] 
 
 
 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited: 
[•]] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a 
credit 
rating 
agency 
established 
and 
registered in the UK or certified under the UK 
CRA Regulation 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of 
particular 
credit 
rating 
agency 
entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update 
of the list of registered credit rating agencies 
(as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the 
ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. 
[The rating [Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has given to the Covered Bonds is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the UK and registered

--- Page 54 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 44- 
70-41013180 
 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/[[ 
Insert 
legal 
name 
of 
particular 
credit 
rating 
agency 
entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No. 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (UK).] 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the EEA and has applied for registration 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), 
although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided 
by 
the 
[relevant 
competent 
authority]/[European Securities and Markets 
Authority]. [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. 
[The 
rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to the 
Covered Bonds is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/[[Insert 
legal 
name 
of 
particular 
credit 
rating 
agency 
entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name

--- Page 55 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 45- 
70-41013180 
 
of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has 
given to the Covered Bonds is not endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
not applied for registration and details of 
whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK 
or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the EEA and is neither registered nor has it 
applied for registration under Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. 
[The 
rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to the 
Covered Bonds is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the 
"UK CRA Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No. 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of 
the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a 
credit 
rating 
agency 
established 
and 
registered in the EEA or certified under the 
EU CRA Regulation

--- Page 56 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 46- 
70-41013180 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
( the "UK CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update 
of the list of registered credit rating agencies 
(as of [insert date of most recent list]) on 
[FCA]. [The rating [Insert legal name of 
particular 
credit 
rating 
agency 
entity 
providing rating] has given to the Covered 
Bonds to be issued under the Programme is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] 
[[Insert 
legal 
name 
of 
particular 
credit 
rating 
agency 
entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it 
has given to the Covered Bonds is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or 
the UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a 
CRA which is established and registered 
under the CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR 
under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA or the UK but the rating 
it has given to the Covered Bonds to be issued 
under the Programme is endorsed by [[insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation")][and][[insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation")]. 
 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or 
the UK and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the CRA Regulation (EU) or the CRA 
Regulation (UK) but CRA is certified under

--- Page 57 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 47- 
70-41013180 
 
the CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the 
CRA Regulation (UK) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA or the UK but is 
certified 
under 
[Regulation 
(EU) 
No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation")][and][ Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"]. 
 
 
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the 
EEA or the UK nor certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
and relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA or the UK and is not 
certified 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation") 
or 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in either the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
 
3. 
 [INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
 
Save as discussed in "Subscription and Sale" in the Base Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the 
offer / [•]] 
 
4. 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[The net proceeds of the issue of the Covered 
Bonds will be used for the general banking and 
other corporate purposes of Nordea Mortgage 
Bank Plc.]/ [Specify alternative purpose if 
applicable]. 
 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) 
Estimated 
total 
expenses 
in 
relation to admission to trading: 
[•]  
 
5. 
 [Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only - YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield 
[•] per cent.

--- Page 58 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 48- 
70-41013180 
 
 
 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the 
Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is 
not an indication of future yield.] 
 
6. 
 [Floating Rate Covered Bonds only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
 
Details of the historic Reference Rate can be obtained from [Reuters / [•]].] 
 
7. 
 [THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
8. 
. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 If syndicated: 
 
 
 (i) 
Names of Managers and 
underwriting commitments: 
Not Applicable / Give names and underwriting 
commitments 
 
 (ii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[•] 
 
 (iii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any):  
Not Applicable / Give Name 
 
 If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
Not Applicable / Give Name 
 
 [Total commission and concession:] 
[[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount] 
 
 U.S. Selling Restriction: 
Regulation S Category 2 
(In the case of Bearer Covered Bonds) - 
TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA Not Applicable 
(In 
the 
case 
of 
Registered 
Covered 
Bonds/Finnish Covered Bonds) -TEFRA Not 
Applicable 
 
 Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should 
be specified. 
If 
the Covered 
Bonds 
may constitute 
"packaged" products and no Key Information 
Document 
("KID") 
will 
be 
prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
 Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should 
be specified. 
If 
the Covered 
Bonds 
may constitute 
"packaged" products and no Key Information 
Document 
("KID") 
will 
be 
prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 59 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 49- 
70-41013180 
 
9. 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
 
[FISN: 
[[•] / See the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available] 
 
 
[CFI Code: 
[[•] / See the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or 
requested, it/they should be specified to be 
"Not Applicable".) 
 
 
Issuer LEI: 
7437001LESKGLAEOEU84 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
Yes / No / Not Applicable (in the case of 
Covered Bonds not issued in NGCB / NSS 
form) 
[Note that the designation "yes" means that the 
Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as common safekeeper [and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of 
the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] 
[include this text for registered Covered 
Bonds] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Covered Bonds will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[include this text if "yes" is selected in which 
case the Covered Bonds must be bearer 
Covered Bonds issued in NGCB form or 
registered Covered Bonds issued in NSS form] 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future such that the Covered Bonds are 
capable of meeting them the Covered Bonds 
may then be deposited with Euroclear or 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
as 
common 
safekeeper [and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper] [include this text for 
registered Covered Bonds]. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for

--- Page 60 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 50- 
70-41013180 
 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] [this text may be appropriate 
to include if "no" is selected and the Covered 
Bonds are bearer Covered Bonds issued in 
NGCB form or registered Covered Bonds 
issued in NSS form] 
 
Clearing system(s) [and the relevant 
identification number(s), if applicable]: 
[Euroclear/Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/ 
Euroclear Finland Ltd, P.O. Box 1110, FI-
00101, Helsinki] 
 
 
 
 
 
[Euroclear Finland identification number: 
1061446-0] 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
 
Name(s) and address(es) of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] 
 
 
[Name and address of Finnish Issuing 
Agent:] 
[only applicable to Finnish Covered Bonds]

--- Page 61 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 51- 
70-41013180 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
A pro forma Pricing Supplement for use in connection with Exempt Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme is set out below. This pro forma is subject to completion and amendment to set out the terms 
upon which each Tranche of Exempt Covered Bonds is to be issued. 
[EU MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET – [appropriate target market legend 
to be included]] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET – [appropriate target market legend to 
be included]] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
section 309A of the SFA) that the Covered Bonds are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/["capital 
markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore).] 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
In accessing the attached pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") you agree to be bound by the 
following terms and conditions. 
The information contained in the Pricing Supplement may be addressed to and/or targeted at persons who 
are residents of particular countries only as specified in the Pricing Supplement and/or in the Base 
Prospectus (as defined in the Pricing Supplement) and is not intended for use and should not be relied upon 
by any person outside those countries and/or to whom the offer contained in the Pricing Supplement is not 
addressed. Prior to relying on the information contained in the Pricing Supplement, you must 
ascertain from the Pricing Supplement and/or the Base Prospectus whether or not you are an 
intended addressee of the information contained therein.

--- Page 62 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 52- 
70-41013180 
 
Neither the Pricing Supplement nor the Base Prospectus constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an 
offer to buy securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or 
sale would be unlawful prior to registration, exemption from registration or qualification under the 
securities law of any such jurisdiction. 
The securities described in the Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus have not been, and will not be, 
registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered 
or sold directly or indirectly within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons or 
to persons within the United States of America (as such terms are defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act ("Regulation S")). The securities described in the Pricing Supplement will only be offered 
in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance upon Regulation S. 
Pricing Supplement dated [•] 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 AS 
AMENDED FOR THIS ISSUE OF COVERED BONDS. 
NORDEA MORTGAGE BANK PLC 
Issue of 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] 
[Title of Covered Bonds] 
Issued under the 
€25,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 29 April 2021 [and the base prospectus supplement[s] 
dated [•] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus] (the "Base Prospectus"). This document 
constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Covered Bonds described herein and must be read in conjunction 
with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all relevant information. The Base 
Prospectus [and the base prospectus supplement[s]] and the Pricing Supplement are available for viewing 
during normal business hours at, and copies may be obtained from, the principal office of the Issuer at 
Satamaradankatu 5, 00020 NORDEA, Helsinki and [has/have] been published on the Issuer's website 
www.nordea.com.] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date: 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [[1 November 2016]/[23 November 2017]/[13 
February 2019]/[2 April 2020]] [and the base prospectus supplement[s] dated [•]]. This document 
comprises the Pricing Supplement of the Covered Bonds described herein and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus dated 29 April 2021 [and the base prospectus supplement[s] dated [•]], which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), save in respect of the Conditions which 
are extracted from the [base prospectus] dated [[1 November 2016]/[23 November 2017]/[13 February 
2019]/[2 April 2020]] [and the base prospectus supplement[s] dated [•]] and are incorporated by reference 
in the Base Prospectus. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the 
combination of this Pricing Supplement [,] [and] the Base Prospectus [and the base prospectus 
supplement[s] dated [•]]. The Base Prospectus [,] [and] the [base prospectus] dated [[1 November 2016]/[23 
November 2017]/[13 February 2019]/[2 April 2020]] [and the base prospectus supplement[s]] [is] [are] 
available for viewing during normal business hours at, and copies may be obtained from, the principal 
office of the Issuer at Satamaradankatu 5, 00020 NORDEA, Helsinki and [has/have] been published on the 
Issuer's website www.nordea.com.] 
[These Covered Bonds are Finnish Covered Bonds. Holders of the Finnish Covered Bonds are entitled to 
the benefit of, and are bound by and are deemed to have notice of, the provisions of the deed of covenant

--- Page 63 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 53- 
70-41013180 
 
dated [•] 2021 executed by the Issuer constituting the Finnish Covered Bonds. [This paragraph need only 
be included if the Pricing Supplement relates to Finnish Covered Bonds.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Italics denote guidance for 
completing this Pricing Supplement.] 
1. 
 Issuer: 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc 
2. 
 (i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Covered 
Bonds become fungible: 
Not Applicable / The Covered Bonds shall be 
consolidated, form a single series, and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes, with the 
[provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue 
date of earlier Tranches] (the "Original Covered 
Bonds") on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Covered Bond for interests in 
the Permanent Global Covered Bond, as described 
in this Pricing Supplement [which is expected to 
occur on or about [•]] 
3. 
 Specified Currency: 
[•] 
4. 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
5. 
 Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
the Tranche [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (in the case of fungible issues only, if 
applicable)]  
6. 
 (i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
(No Covered Bonds may be issued which have a 
minimum denomination of less than EUR 1,000 (or 
equivalent in another currency)) 
[Where a tranche of Covered Bonds is issued in 
multiple denominations and Covered Bonds are 
not being issued in registered form, the following 
sample wording should be followed: So long as the 
Covered Bonds are represented by a Temporary 
Global Covered Bond or a Permanent Global 
Covered Bond and the relevant clearing systems so 
permit, the Covered Bonds will be tradeable only 
in the minimum authorised denomination of [EUR 
100,000] and higher integral multiples of [EUR 
1,000], 
notwithstanding 
that 
no 
Definitive 
Covered Bonds will be issued with a denomination 
above [EUR 199,000].] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
[If there is more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor of those Specified

--- Page 64 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 54- 
70-41013180 
 
Denominations (note: there must be a common 
factor of two or more Specified Denominations)] 
7. 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[•] 
8. 
 (i) 
Maturity Date: 
[•] / Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[•] (in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds) 
 (ii) 
Extended Maturity Date 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
  
[If not applicable, delete the remaining sections of 
this subparagraph] 
  
[The Extended Maturity Date is [[•]/Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [•] (in the 
case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds)]. 
  
[If 
applicable, 
complete 
relevant 
sections 
regarding interest, etc.] 
9. 
 Interest Basis: 
[•] per cent. Fixed Rate / [insert period of time e.g. 
3 months] LIBOR/ EURIBOR/ BBSW/ BKBM/ 
CDOR/ CIBOR/ HIBOR/ JIBAR/ MOSPRIME/ 
NIBOR/ SOFR/ SONIA/ STIBOR/ TIBOR/ TIIE/ 
TRLIBOR/ WIBOR/ Other ± [•] per cent. Floating 
Rate / Zero Coupon 
10. 
 Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Redemption at par, subject to any purchase and 
cancellation or early redemption 
11. 
 Put/Call Options: 
Not Applicable / Investor Put / Issuer Call 
12. 
 Authorisation: 
Not Applicable / The issuance of the Covered 
Bonds was authorised by a decision of [•] dated [•] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE  
13. 
 Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Provisions 
Applicable / Not Applicable  
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining  
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable [annually / semi-
annually / quarterly / monthly] in arrear 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year[, adjusted [for payment purposes 
only] in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention and any applicable Business Centre(s) 
for the definition of "Business Day"]/, not 
adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
Not Applicable/Insert particulars of any initial or 
final broken interest amounts which do not 
correspond with the Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]

--- Page 65 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 55- 
70-41013180 
 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)  
 
 
(NB: Actual/Actual (ICMA) is normally only 
appropriate for Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
denominated in euro) 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[•] in each year  
 
 
[Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
and short first or last coupon]  
 
 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest payment dates which are not of 
equal duration).  
 
 
(NB: Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)). 
14. 
 Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Provisions 
Applicable / Not Applicable 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] in each year commencing on [•] up to and 
including [•] 
[No adjustments will be made to the Interest 
Amounts [except for the Broken Amount for the 
[first/last] Interest Payment Date on [•]]] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business 
Day Convention / FRN Convention / Floating Rate 
Convention / Eurodollar Convention / No 
Adjustment 
 
(iii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
Screen Rate Determination  
 
(iv) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent] / [•] 
 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[•] 
 
— 
Reference Rate: 
[insert period of time e.g. 3 months] LIBOR/ 
EURIBOR/ BBSW/ BKBM/ CDOR/ CIBOR/ 
HIBOR/ JIBAR/ MOSPRIME/ NIBOR/ SOFR/ 
SONIA/ STIBOR/ TIBOR/ TIIE/ TRLIBOR/ 
WIBOR 
[The applicable Reference Rate for the first/last 
short/long Interest Period is [LIBOR/ EURIBOR/ 
BBSW/ BKBM/ CDOR/ CIBOR/ HIBOR/ 
JIBAR/ MOSPRIME/ NIBOR/ SOFR / SONIA/ 
STIBOR/ TIBOR/ TIIE/ TRLIBOR/ WIBOR] 
 
—  Index Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]

--- Page 66 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 56- 
70-41013180 
 
 
—  SONIA Compounded 
Index: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
—  SOFR Compounded 
Index:  
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
—  Relevant Decimal Place: 
[  ] (unless otherwise specified in the Pricing 
Supplement, be the fifth decimal place in the case 
of the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh 
decimal place in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index) 
 
—  Relevant Number: 
[  ] (unless otherwise specified in the Pricing 
Supplement, Relevant Number shall be, in the case 
of the SONIA Compounded Index shall be [five] 
and in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index 
shall be [two]) 
 
—  Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
— Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
 
— Relevant Time: 
[As set out in Condition 4(b) / [•]] 
 
(vi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period) 
 
(vii) 
Determination Agent: 
[•] / Not Applicable 
 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
[±][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ix) 
Observation Look-back 
Period: 
[[     ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
"p" 
[[     ] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
(xiv) 
Benchmark Replacement 
Fallback: 
[Condition 
4(h)(Benchmark 
Replacement 
– 
Independent Adviser) is applicable] / [Condition 
4(i)(Benchmark 
Replacement 
– 
ARRC) 
is 
applicable.] 
(If the Reference Rate is SOFR, "Condition 4(i) 
(Benchmark Replacement – ARRC)" should be 
selected as applicable.) 
 
(xv) 
Compounded SOFR 
[Compounded 
SOFR 
with 
Lookback 
/ 
Compounded SOFR with Observation Period Shift 
/ Not Applicable]

--- Page 67 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 57- 
70-41013180 
 
15. 
 Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
Provisions  
Applicable / Not Applicable 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining  
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum  
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] per cent. per annum  
 
(iii) 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business 
Day Convention / FRN Convention / Floating Rate 
Convention / Eurodollar Convention / No 
Adjustment/ Other 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE FROM THE MATURITY 
DATE TO THE EXTENDED MATURITY DATE 
16. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds Provisions 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining  
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable [annually / semi-
annually / quarterly / monthly/ Other] in arrear 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] / [•] in each year[, adjusted [for payment 
purposes only] in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable 
Business Centre(s) for the definition of "Business 
Day"]/, not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
Not Applicable / Insert particulars of any initial 
or final broken interest amounts which do not 
correspond with the Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)/ 
Other 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
 
[Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
and short first or last coupon] 
 
 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest payment dates which are not of 
equal duration). 
 
 
(NB: Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)).

--- Page 68 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 58- 
70-41013180 
 
17. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Provisions 
Applicable/Not Applicable 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] in each year commencing on [•] up to and 
including [•] 
[No adjustments will be made to the Interest 
Amounts [except for the Broken Amount for the 
[first/last] Interest Payment Date on [•]]] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business 
Day Convention / FRN Convention / Floating 
Rate Convention / Eurodollar Convention / No 
Adjustment 
 
(iii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
Screen Rate Determination  
 
(iv) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent] / [•] 
 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[•] 
 
— 
Reference Rate: 
[insert period of time e.g. 3 months] LIBOR/ 
EURIBOR/ BBSW/ BKBM/ CDOR/ CIBOR/ 
HIBOR/ JIBAR/ MOSPRIME/ NIBOR/ SOFR/ 
SONIA/ STIBOR/ TIBOR/ TIIE/ TRLIBOR/ 
WIBOR 
[The applicable Reference Rate for the first/last 
short/long Interest Period is [LIBOR/ EURIBOR/ 
BBSW/ BKBM/ CDOR/ CIBOR/ HIBOR/ 
JIBAR/ MOSPRIME/ NIBOR/ SOFR / SONIA/ 
STIBOR/ TIBOR/ TIIE/ TRLIBOR/ WIBOR] 
 
—  Index Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
—  SONIA Compounded 
Index: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
—  SOFR Compounded Index:  [Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
—  Relevant Decimal Place: 
[  ] (unless otherwise specified in the Pricing 
Supplement, be the fifth decimal place in the case 
of the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh 
decimal place in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index) 
 
—  Relevant Number: 
[  ] (unless otherwise specified in the Pricing 
Supplement, Relevant Number shall be, in the case 
of the SONIA Compounded Index shall be [five] 
and in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index 
shall be [two]) 
 
—  Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
—  Relevant Screen Page: 
[•]

--- Page 69 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 59- 
70-41013180 
 
 
—  Relevant Time: 
[As set out in Condition 4(b) / [•]] 
 
(vi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period) 
 
(vii) 
Determination Agent: 
[•] / Not Applicable 
 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
[±][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ix) 
Observation Look-back Period: 
[[     ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
"p" 
[[     ] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
(xiv) 
Benchmark Replacement 
Fallback: 
[Condition 
4(h)(Benchmark 
Replacement 
– 
Independent Adviser) is applicable] / [Condition 
4(i)(Benchmark 
Replacement 
– 
ARRC) 
is 
applicable.] 
(If the Reference Rate is SOFR, "Condition 4(i) 
(Benchmark Replacement – ARRC)" should be 
selected as applicable.) 
 
(xv) 
Compounded SOFR 
[Compounded 
SOFR 
with 
Lookback 
/ 
Compounded SOFR with Observation Period 
Shift / Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
 Call Option 
Applicable / Not Applicable 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining  
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 [•]/[Any date from and including [•] to but 
excluding [•]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 70 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 60- 
70-41013180 
 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
19. 
 Put Option 
Applicable / Not Applicable 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining  
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•]/[Any date from and including [•] to but 
excluding [•]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Covered 
Bond and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
20. 
 Final Redemption Amount 
[Par/[•]] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
 Early Redemption Amount 
[•] 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or other early 
redemption: 
Condition 5[(b)/(c)/(e)] applies 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
22. 
 Form of Covered Bonds: 
[Bearer Covered Bonds]: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Covered Bond which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds on [•] 
days' 
notice/at 
any 
time/in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
[Covered Bond] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable 
for Definitive Covered Bonds on [•] days' notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Covered Bond exchangeable 
for Definitive Covered Bonds on [•] days' notice/at 
any time/in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Permanent Global [Covered Bonds] 
 
 
[Registered Covered Bonds: Individual Covered 
Bond Certificates / Global Registered Covered 
Bond [exchangeable for Individual Covered Bond 
Certificates on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Global 
Registered Covered Bond] 
 
 
[Finnish Covered Bonds]: 
 
 
[The Covered Bonds are Finnish Covered Bonds 
in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry

--- Page 71 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 61- 
70-41013180 
 
form.] 
 
 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time 
options should not be expressed to be applicable if 
the Specified Denomination of the Covered Bonds 
in paragraph 6 includes language substantially to 
the following effect: "[€100,000] and integral 
multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including 
[€199,000]." 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified Denomination construction is not 
permitted in relation to any issue of Covered 
Bonds which is to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable 
for Definitive Covered Bonds) 
23. 
 [New Global Covered Bonds / New 
Safekeeping Structure]: 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
24. 
 Additional cities for the purposes of the 
definition of Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
Not Applicable/ Give details 
25. 
 Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Covered Bonds 
(and dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
Yes. The Talons mature on [•] / No 
26. 
 Other terms and conditions: 
Not Applicable / Give details 
27. 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[LIBOR / EURIBOR / BBSW / BKBM / CDOR / 
CIBOR / HIBOR / JIBAR / MOSPRIME / 
NIBOR/ SOFR/ SONIA / STIBOR / TIBOR / TIIE 
/ TRLIBOR 
/ 
WIBOR] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator legal name]][repeat as necessary]. 
[As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal name] 
[appears] /[does not appear]][repeat as necessary] 
in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [LIBOR / EURIBOR / BBSW / 
BKBM / CDOR / CIBOR / HIBOR / JIBAR / 
MOSPRIME / NIBOR/ SOFR/ SONIA / STIBOR 
/ TIBOR / TIIE / TRLIBOR / WIBOR] does not 
fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended] / [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, 
such that [name of administrator] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence)] /

--- Page 72 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 62- 
70-41013180 
 
 
 
[LIBOR / EURIBOR / BBSW / BKBM / CDOR / 
CIBOR / HIBOR / JIBAR / MOSPRIME / 
NIBOR/ SOFR/ SONIA / STIBOR / TIBOR / TIIE 
/ 
TRLIBOR 
/ 
WIBOR 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator legal name]][repeat as necessary]. 
As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
FCA pursuant to [Article 36] (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] 
does not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018]/ [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 apply, 
such that [name of administrator] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if 
located outside the UK, recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence)] / 
[Not Applicable] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. 
SIGNATURE 
Signed on behalf of Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc: 
By: 
By: 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
Date: 
Date:

--- Page 73 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 63- 
70-41013180 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
None / Application has been made to [•] for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on [•] 
with effect from [•] / Other 
[The Covered Bonds shall be consolidated, form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the Original Covered Bonds on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Covered Bonds for interests in the Permanent Global Covered Bonds, as 
described in these Final Terms [which is expected to occur on or about [•]]] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original securities are already 
admitted to trading.) 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
The tranche of Covered Bonds itself has not been assigned any ratings solicited by the Issuer / 
The tranche of Covered Bonds itself is expected to be rated / The tranche of Covered Bonds 
itself has been rated:  
 
[Moody's Investors Service Limited: 
[•]] 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: 
[•]] 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the 
UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Covered Bonds 
is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/[[ Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA

--- Page 74 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 64- 
70-41013180 
 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under 
the CRA Regulation (UK).] 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified 
under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EEA and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation"), although notification of 
the corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the [relevant competent 
authority]/[European 
Securities and 
Markets 
Authority]. [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] appears on 
the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Covered Bonds 
is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/[[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/[[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and not 
applied for registration and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EEA and is neither registered nor has it applied for 
registration under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009,

--- Page 75 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 65- 
70-41013180 
 
as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). [[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of the 
list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Covered Bonds 
is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the 
"UK CRA Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation") and the 
rating it has given to the Covered Bonds is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the 
EEA or certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent list]) on [FCA]. [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Covered Bonds 
to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No.

--- Page 76 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 66- 
70-41013180 
 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the 
UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA 
which is established and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the CRA 
Regulation (UK) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established in 
the EEA or the UK but the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme 
is endorsed by [[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the 
UK and relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
CRA Regulation (EU) or the CRA Regulation 
(UK) but CRA is certified under the CRA 
Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the CRA 
Regulation (UK) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established in 
the EEA or the UK but is certified under 
[Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation")][and][ Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"]. 
 
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or 
the UK nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established in 
the EEA or the UK and is not certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating

--- Page 77 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 67- 
70-41013180 
 
agency established in either the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER  
 
Save as discussed in "Subscription and Sale" in the Base Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer 
/ [•] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[The net proceeds of the issue of the Covered 
Bonds will be used for the general banking and 
other corporate purposes of Nordea Mortgage Bank 
Plc.]/ [Specify alternative purpose if applicable]. 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
Estimated total expenses in relation to 
admission to trading: 
[•] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only - 
YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] per cent. 
 
 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue 
Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield.] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Covered Bonds only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES  
 
Details of the historic Reference Rate can be obtained from [Reuters / [•]].] 
7. 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able 
to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 78 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 68- 
70-41013180 
 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
If syndicated: 
 
(i) 
Names 
of 
Managers 
and 
underwriting commitments: 
Not Applicable / Give names and underwriting 
commitments 
(ii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[•] 
(iii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
Not Applicable / Give Name 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
Not Applicable / Give Name 
[Total commission and concession:] 
[[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount] 
 U.S. Selling Restriction:  
Regulation S Category 2 
(In the case of Bearer Covered Bonds) - TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA Not Applicable 
(In the case of Registered Covered Bonds/Finnish 
Covered Bonds) -TEFRA Not Applicable 
Other Selling Restrictions: 
[•] / Not Applicable 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. 
If the Covered Bonds may constitute "packaged" 
products and no Key Information Document 
("KID") will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. 
If the Covered Bonds may constitute "packaged" 
products and no Key Information Document 
("KID") will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
9. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
[FISN: 
[[•] / See the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available] 
 
 
[CFI Code: 
[[•] / See the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible

--- Page 79 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 69- 
70-41013180 
 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or 
requested, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable".) 
 
Issuer LEI: 
7437001LESKGLAEOEU84 
 
 
 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
Yes / No / Not Applicable (in the case of Covered 
Bonds not issued in NGCB / NSS form) 
[Note that the designation "yes" means that the 
Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be 
deposited 
with Euroclear 
or 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as common safekeeper [and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] [include 
this text for Registered Covered Bonds] and does 
not necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will 
be 
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] [include this 
text if "yes" is selected in which case the Covered 
Bonds must be bearer Covered Bonds issued in 
NGCB form or registered Covered Bonds issued 
in NSS form] 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Covered Bonds are capable of 
meeting them the Covered Bonds may then be 
deposited 
with Euroclear 
or 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as common safekeeper [and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] [include 
this text for Registered Covered Bonds]. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Covered 
Bonds will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] [this text may be appropriate to 
include if "no" is selected and the Covered Bonds 
are bearer Covered Bonds issued in NGCB form 
or registered Covered Bonds issued in NSS form] 
 
Clearing system(s) [and identification 
number, if applicable]: 
Euroclear / Clearstream, Luxembourg / Euroclear 
Finland Ltd, P.O. Box 1110, FI- 00101, Helsinki 
(Euroclear 
Finland 
identification 
number: 
1061446-0)

--- Page 80 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 70- 
70-41013180 
 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Name(s) and address(es) of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
Not Applicable / Give name and address 
 
[Name and address of Finnish Issuing 
Agent:] 
[only applicable to Finnish Covered Bonds]

--- Page 81 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 71- 
70-41013180 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds which as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds only) as completed, amended and/or replaced by the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, will be applicable to each Series of Covered Bonds. Any text appearing in 
italics in the Terms and Conditions is for reference only and shall not be deemed to form part of the 
operative provisions of the Terms and Conditions. 
The Covered Bonds are issued in accordance with a fiscal agency agreement (as amended and/or restated 
and/or replaced from time to time, the "Fiscal Agency Agreement") dated on or about 29 April 2021 and 
made between Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc (Nordea Kiinnitysluottopankki Oyj) (the "Issuer"), Citibank, 
N.A., London Branch in its capacity as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression shall include any 
successor to Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its capacity as such), and Citigroup Global Markets Europe 
AG as registrar (the "Registrar" in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds except Finnish Covered Bonds, 
which expression shall include any successor to Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG in its capacity as 
such) and certain financial institutions named therein in their capacity as paying agents (the "Paying 
Agents", which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent and any substitute or additional paying agents 
appointed in accordance with the Fiscal Agency Agreement) and Nordea Bank Abp in its capacity as 
Finnish issuing agent for Finnish Covered Bonds (the "Finnish Issuing Agent"). The Covered Bonds have 
the benefit of a deed of covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") dated 29 April 2021 (as amended and/or restated 
and/or replaced from time to time), executed by the Issuer in relation to the Covered Bonds. Copies of the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection at the specified office of 
each of the Paying Agents and the Registrar. All persons from time to time entitled to the benefit of 
obligations under any Covered Bonds shall be deemed to have notice of and to be bound by all of the 
provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant insofar as they relate to the relevant 
Covered Bonds. 
References herein to "Exempt Covered Bonds" are to Covered Bonds for which no prospectus is required 
to be published under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (for the purposes of these terms and conditions, the "EU 
Prospectus Regulation"). 
The Covered Bonds are issued in series (each a "Series") made up of one or more Tranches, and each Series 
will be the subject of a final terms (each a "Final Terms") or, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds, a 
pricing supplement (the "Pricing Supplement") which, in either case, completes and (in the case of Exempt 
Covered Bonds only) completes, amends and/or replaces these terms and conditions (the "Conditions"). 
Covered Bonds may be settled through the Finnish Central Securities Depository, Euroclear Finland Ltd 
(the "Finnish Covered Bonds" and "Euroclear Finland" respectively). 
The registrar in respect of any Series of Finnish Covered Bonds will be a duly authorised central securities 
depositary under the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry Securities System and Clearing Activity (Laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta 348/2017), as amended, expected to be Euroclear Finland (the 
"Finnish Registrar"). 
The Finnish Covered Bonds will be registered in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form with 
Euroclear Finland. Finnish Covered Bonds registered in Euroclear Finland are negotiable instruments and 
not subject to any restrictions on free negotiability under Finnish law. 
As the Finnish Covered Bonds will be in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form, the terms and 
conditions of the Finnish Covered Bonds shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form 
part of, the Deed of Covenant by which the Finnish Covered Bonds are constituted. 
As the Finnish Covered Bonds will be registered on behalf of the Holder on a securities account pursuant 
to the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry Securities System and Clearing Activity (Laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta 348/2017), as amended, and the Finnish Securities Accounts Act 
(Laki arvo-osuustileistä 827/1991), no physical securities will be issued. A request for a registration 
measure regarding Finnish Covered Bonds shall be addressed to the account operator pursuant to the 
Finnish Act on the Book-Entry Securities System and Clearing Activity (Laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja 
selvitystoiminnasta 348/2017), as amended, and the regulations of Euroclear Finland.

--- Page 82 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 72- 
70-41013180 
 
References in these Conditions to Covered Bonds are to Covered Bonds of the relevant Series and any 
references to Coupons as defined below, are to Coupons relating to Covered Bonds of the relevant Series. 
1. 
Form and Denomination 
(a) 
Form 
Covered Bonds, other than Finnish Covered Bonds, are issued in bearer form or registered 
form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, and are serially 
numbered. 
The Finnish Covered Bonds are issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry 
form in accordance with the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry Securities System and 
Clearing Activity (Laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta 348/2017), as 
amended. 
(b) 
Form of Bearer Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds issued in bearer form ("Bearer Covered Bonds") will be represented 
upon issue by a temporary global Covered Bond (a "Temporary Global Covered Bond") 
in substantially the form (subject to amendment and completion) scheduled to the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement. On or after the date which is forty days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Covered Bonds (the "Exchange Date") of the relevant Series and 
provided certification as to the beneficial ownership thereof as required by U.S. Treasury 
regulations (substantially in the form set out in the Temporary Global Covered Bond) has 
been received, interests in the Temporary Global Covered Bond may be exchanged for: 
(i) 
interests in a permanent global Covered Bond (a "Permanent Global Covered 
Bond") representing the Covered Bonds of that Series and in substantially the form 
(subject to amendment and completion) scheduled to the Fiscal Agency Agreement; 
or 
(ii) 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, definitive 
Covered Bonds ("Definitive Covered Bonds") serially numbered and in 
substantially the form (subject to amendment and completion) scheduled to the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
If any date on which a payment of interest is due on the Covered Bonds of a Series occurs 
whilst any of the Covered Bonds of that Series are represented by the Temporary Global 
Covered Bond, the related interest payment will be made on the Temporary Global 
Covered Bond only to the extent that certification as to the beneficial ownership thereof 
as required by U.S. Treasury regulations (in the form set out in the Temporary Global 
Covered Bond) has been received by Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") or by any other clearing 
system to which Covered Bonds or any interest therein may from time to time be credited. 
Payments of principal or interest (if any) on a Permanent Global Covered Bond will be 
made through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg without any requirement for 
certification. 
Interests in the Permanent Global Covered Bond will, unless the contrary is specified in 
the relevant Pricing Supplement, be exchangeable at the cost and expense of the Issuer, in 
whole (but not in part), at the option of the Holder of such Permanent Global Covered 
Bond for Definitive Covered Bonds if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant clearing system(s) is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of public holidays) or announces an intention to cease business permanently 
or does in fact do so. Whenever the Permanent Global Covered Bond is to be exchanged 
for Definitive Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery (free of charge 
to the Holder) of such Definitive Covered Bonds, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement), 
in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global 
Covered Bond to the Holder of the Permanent Global Covered Bond against the surrender

--- Page 83 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 73- 
70-41013180 
 
of the Permanent Global Covered Bond to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 
days of the Holder requesting such exchange. If default is made by the Issuer in the 
required delivery of Definitive Covered Bonds and such default is continuing at 6.00 p.m. 
(London time) on the thirtieth day after the day on which the relevant notice period 
expires, such Permanent Global Covered Bond will become void in accordance with its 
terms but without prejudice to the rights of the Account Holders (as defined in the Deed 
of Covenant) with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg in relation thereto under the 
Deed of Covenant. 
Interest bearing Definitive Covered Bonds will, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery coupons 
("Coupons"), presentation of which will be a prerequisite to the payment of interest in 
certain circumstances specified below provided that interest bearing Definitive Covered 
Bonds, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, have attached 
thereto at the time of initial delivery Coupons and one Talon for further Coupons (a 
"Talon", together with the Coupons in such case and where the context so permits, the 
"Coupons") entitling the Holder thereof to further Coupons and a further Talon. 
(c) 
Form of Registered Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds issued in registered form ("Registered Covered Bonds") will be in 
substantially the form (subject to amendment and completion) scheduled to the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement. Each Tranche of registered Covered Bonds will be in the form of 
either individual Covered Bond Certificates ("Individual Covered Bond Certificates") 
or a global registered Covered Bond (a "Global Registered Covered Bond"), in each case 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Global Registered Covered 
Bonds may be exchangeable for Individual Covered Bond Certificates in accordance with 
its terms. Registered Covered Bonds will not be exchangeable for Bearer Covered Bonds. 
(d) 
Form of Finnish Covered Bonds 
The Finnish Covered Bonds shall be regarded as Registered Covered Bonds for the 
purposes of these Conditions save to the extent these Conditions are inconsistent with 
Finnish laws, regulations and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by 
Euroclear Finland for the time being (the "Euroclear Finland Rules"). No physical 
Finnish Covered Bonds or certificates will be issued in respect of the Finnish Covered 
Bonds and the provisions in these Conditions relating to presentation, surrendering or 
replacement of such physical Finnish Covered Bonds or certificates shall not apply to the 
Finnish Covered Bonds. 
In relation to Finnish Covered Bonds, each Holder agrees and gives consent to Euroclear 
Finland to provide to the Finnish Issuing Agent, upon request, information registered with 
Euroclear Finland relating to the Finnish Covered Bonds and the Holders of the Finnish 
Covered Bonds in order that the Finnish Issuing Agent may provide any relevant Finnish 
authorities, including the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanssivalvonta) and 
the Finnish tax authorities, with any information required under applicable Finnish laws. 
Such information shall include, but not be limited to, the identity of the registered holder 
of the Finnish Covered Bonds, the residency of the registered holder of the Finnish 
Covered Bonds, the number of Finnish Covered Bonds registered with the relevant holder, 
the address of the relevant holder, the account operator in respect of the relevant Euroclear 
Finland account (Tilinhoitaja) and whether or not the Finnish Covered Bonds are 
registered in the name of a nominee and the identity of any such nominee. 
(e) 
Denomination of Bearer Covered Bonds 
Bearer Covered Bonds are in the denomination or denominations (each of which 
denomination is integrally divisible by each smaller denomination) specified in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement. Bearer Covered Bonds of one denomination may not be 
exchanged for Bearer Covered Bonds of any other denomination.

--- Page 84 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 74- 
70-41013180 
 
(f) 
Denomination of Registered Covered Bonds 
Registered Covered Bonds are in the denomination or denominations (each of which 
denomination is integrally divisible by each smaller denomination) specified in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement. Registered Covered Bonds of one denomination may not 
be exchanged for Registered Covered Bonds of any other denomination. 
(g) 
Denomination of Finnish Covered Bonds 
Finnish Covered Bonds are in the denomination or denominations (each of which 
denomination is integrally divisible by each smaller denomination) specified in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement. Finnish Covered Bonds of one denomination may not be 
exchanged for Finnish Covered Bonds of any other denomination. 
(h) 
Currency of Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds may be denominated in any currency subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, references to Covered Bonds shall, as the context 
may require, be deemed to be Temporary Global Covered Bonds, Permanent Global 
Covered Bonds, Definitive Covered Bonds, Registered Covered Bonds, or Finnish 
Covered Bonds, as the case may be. 
2. 
Title 
(a) 
Title to Bearer Covered Bonds, Registered Covered Bond and Finnish Covered Bonds 
Title to the Bearer Covered Bonds and Coupons passes by delivery. References herein to 
the "Covered Bond Holders" or "Holders" of Bearer Covered Bonds or Coupons signify 
the bearers of such Bearer Covered Bonds or such Coupons. 
Title to the Registered Covered Bonds passes by registration in the register which is kept 
by the Registrar. References herein to the "Covered Bond Holders" or "Holders" of 
Registered Covered Bonds signify the persons in whose names such Covered Bonds are 
so registered. 
Title to the Finnish Covered Bonds shall pass by registration in the computerised register 
consisting of accounts for the holders of financial instruments registered pursuant to the 
Finnish Act on the Book-Entry Securities System and Clearing Activity (Laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta 348/2017), as amended, and other Finnish laws, 
regulations and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear Finland 
from time to time (the "Euroclear Finland Register"). Except as ordered by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Holder (as defined below) of any Finnish 
Covered Bond shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or 
an interest in it and no person shall be liable for so treating the Holder. References herein 
to the "Covered Bond Holders" or "Holders" of Finnish Covered Bonds signify the 
persons in whose names such Covered Bonds are so registered. 
The Holder of any Covered Bond or Coupon will (except as otherwise required by 
applicable law or regulatory requirement) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes 
(whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest 
thereof or therein, any writing thereon, or any theft or loss thereof) and no person shall be 
liable for so treating such Holder. 
Where a nominee in accordance with the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry Securities System 
and Clearing Activity (Laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta 348/2017), as 
amended is so evidenced it shall be treated by the Issuer as the Holder of the relevant 
Finnish Covered Bonds.

--- Page 85 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 75- 
70-41013180 
 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Covered Bonds and Finnish Covered Bonds 
A Registered Covered Bond may, upon the terms and subject to the Conditions set forth 
in the Fiscal Agency Agreement, be transferred in whole or in part only (provided that 
such part is, or is an integral multiple of, the minimum denomination specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) upon the surrender of the Registered Covered 
Bond to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on it duly completed 
and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar. A new Registered Covered Bond 
will be issued to the transferee and, in the case of a transfer of part only of a Registered 
Covered Bond, a new Registered Covered Bond in respect of the balance not transferred 
will be issued to the transferor. 
Each new Registered Covered Bond to be issued upon the transfer of Registered Covered 
Bonds will, upon the effective receipt of such form of transfer by the Registrar at its 
specified office, be available for delivery at the specified office of the Registrar. For these 
purposes, a form of transfer received by the Registrar during the period of fifteen London 
Banking Days, ending on the due date for any payment on the relevant Registered Covered 
Bonds shall be deemed not to be effectively received by the Registrar until the day 
following the due date for such payment. 
The issue of new Registered Covered Bonds on transfer will be effected without charge 
by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Registrar, but upon payment by the applicant of (or the 
giving by the applicant of such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of) any 
tax or other governmental charges which may be imposed in relation thereto. 
One or more Finnish Covered Bonds may be transferred in accordance with Euroclear 
Finland Rules. 
Exchange and transfer of Finnish Covered Bonds on registration, transfer, partial 
redemption or exercise of a put or a call option shall be effected without charge by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Finnish Issuing Agent, but upon payment of any tax or other 
governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such 
indemnity as the Finnish Issuing Agent may require). 
No Holder may require the transfer of a Finnish Covered Bond to be registered during any 
closed period pursuant to the then applicable Euroclear Finland Rules. 
All transfers of Finnish Covered Bonds are subject to any cut-off dates applicable to such 
Finnish Covered Bonds and are subject to any other rules and procedures for the time 
being of Euroclear Finland. Euroclear Finland's rules and regulations may be downloaded 
from its website: www.euroclear.com/finland. 
In these terms and conditions in relation to Finnish Covered Bonds only, "Covered Bond 
Holder" or "Holder" means, as the context requires, the person in whose name a Finnish 
Covered Bond is registered in the Euroclear Finland Register and shall also include any 
person duly authorised to act as a nominee and registered as a holder of the Finnish 
Covered Bonds. 
3. 
Status 
The Covered Bonds of each Series constitute unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves. The Covered Bonds are obligations issued 
in accordance with the Finnish Covered Bond Act (Laki kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 
688/2010), as amended (the "CBA") and rank pari passu among themselves and with Derivative 
transactions and Bankruptcy liquidity loans in respect of the statutory security in accordance with 
the CBA. To the extent that claims in relation to the Covered Bonds are not met out of the assets 
of the Issuer that are covered in accordance with the CBA, the residual claims will rank pari passu 
with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3 (Status):

--- Page 86 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 76- 
70-41013180 
 
"Derivative transactions" means derivative transactions entered into by the Issuer to hedge 
against risks relating to Covered Bonds or their underlying collateral and recorded in the register 
of Covered Bonds; and 
"Bankruptcy liquidity loans" means loans made by the bankruptcy administrator of the Issuer to 
secure liquidity or take out liquidity credit in accordance with Section 26 of the CBA and recorded 
in the register of Covered Bonds. 
4. 
Interest 
Covered Bonds may be interest bearing or non-interest-bearing, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement. In the case of non-interest-bearing Covered Bonds, a reference price 
and yield will, unless otherwise agreed, be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement. The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in relation to each Series of interest bearing 
Covered Bonds shall specify which one of Condition 4(a) (Interest—Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Provisions), 4(b) (Interest— Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions (other than Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds referencing SONIA or SOFR)), 4(c) (Interest—Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
referencing SONIA or SOFR) or 4(d) (Interest—Other Rates) shall be applicable provided that 
Condition 4(e) (Interest—Supplemental Provision) will be applicable to each Series of interest 
bearing Covered Bonds as specified therein, and provided further that Condition 4(g) (Interest 
Payments up to the Extended Maturity Date) will be applicable to each series of interest bearing 
and non-interest-bearing Covered Bonds to which Condition 5(j) (Extension of maturity up to 
Extended Maturity Date) is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, save, in each case, to the extent inconsistent with the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
(a) 
Interest—Fixed Rate Covered Bonds Provisions 
This Condition 4(a) is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being applicable. 
Each Covered Bond to which this Condition 4(a) is applicable shall bear interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from and including their date of issue to, but excluding the date of final maturity 
thereof (each date as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) at the rate or 
rates per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Interest will be 
payable in arrear on such dates as are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
and on the date of final maturity thereof. The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered 
Bond for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the 
nearest subunit of the Specified Currency (half a subunit being rounded upwards) and multiplying 
such rounded figures by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Covered Bond 
divided by the Calculation Amount. For the purposes of this Condition 4, a "subunit" means, in 
the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. Interest may 
also be calculated on such other basis as may be specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
(b) 
Interest—Floating Rate Covered Bonds Provisions (other than Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
referencing SONIA or SOFR) 
This Condition 4(b) is applicable to Covered Bonds only if the Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being applicable and 
the Reference Rate is not SONIA or SOFR. Covered Bonds in relation to which this Condition 
4(b) is applicable shall bear interest on their outstanding nominal amount at the rates per annum 
determined in accordance with this Condition 4(b). 
Covered Bonds shall bear interest from and including their date of issue, to, but excluding the date 
of final maturity thereof (each date as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement). 
Interest will be payable on each date (an "Interest Payment Date") which falls in such period of 
months or any other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
after such date of issue or, as the case may be, after the preceding Interest Payment Date. If any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a date which is not a Business Day (as defined in 
Condition 7 (Payments)), it shall be postponed to the next Business Day unless it would thereby

--- Page 87 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 77- 
70-41013180 
 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event it shall be brought forward to the preceding 
Business Day unless it is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement that if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on the date which is not a Business Day, it shall be 
postponed to the next Business Day. If such date of issue or any succeeding Interest Payment Date 
falls on the last Business Day of the month, each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the 
last Business Day of the relevant month. Each period beginning on (and including) such date of 
issue and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each period beginning on 
(and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment 
Date is herein called an "Interest Period". 
The Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in relation to each Series of Covered Bonds in relation to 
which the Floating Rate Covered Bonds Provisions are specified as being applicable shall specify 
which page (the "Relevant Screen Page") on the Reuters Screen or any other information vending 
service shall be applicable. 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") applicable to such Covered Bonds for each Interest 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A) 
If the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, 
then: 
(i) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the London interbank offered rate ("LIBOR") 
the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for deposits (or, as the case may 
require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits) in the relevant currency for 
a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Euro zone interbank offered rate 
("EURIBOR") the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for deposits (or, as 
the case may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits) in euro for a 
period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Australian bank bill swap rate ("BBSW") 
the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for deposits (or, as the case may 
require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits) in Australian Dollars for a 
period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the New Zealand bank bill rate ("BKBM") 
the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for deposits (or, as the case may 
require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits) in New Zealand Dollars for 
a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date; 
(v) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Canadian dealer offer rate ("CDOR") 
the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for deposits (or, as the case may 
require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits) in Canadian Dollars for a 
period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date; 
(vi) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Copenhagen interbank offered rate 
("CIBOR") the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for deposits (or, as the 
case may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits) in Danish Krone 
for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date; 
(vii) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Hong Kong interbank offered rate 
("HIBOR") the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for deposits (or, as the 
case may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits) in the relevant

--- Page 88 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 78- 
70-41013180 
 
currency for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date; 
(viii) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Johannesburg interbank agreed rate 
("JIBAR") the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for deposits (or, as the 
case may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits) in the relevant 
currency for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date; 
(ix) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Moscow prime offered rate 
("MOSPRIME") the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for deposits (or, as 
the case may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits) in Russian 
Roubles for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date; 
(x) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Oslo interbank offered rate ("NIBOR") 
the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for deposits (or, as the case may 
require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits) in Norwegian Kroner for a 
period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date; 
(xi) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Stockholm interbank offered rate 
("STIBOR") the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for deposits (or, as the 
case may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits) in Swedish Krona 
for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date; 
(xii) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Tokyo interbank offered rate ("TIBOR") 
the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for deposits (or, as the case may 
require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits) in Japanese Yen for a period 
of the duration of the relevant Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page as of 
the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date; 
(xiii) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Mexican interbank equilibrium interest 
rate ("TIIE") the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for deposits (or, as the 
case may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits) in Mexican Peso 
for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date; 
(xiv) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Turkish Lira interbank offer rate 
("TRLIBOR") the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for deposits (or, as 
the case may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits) in Turkish Lira 
for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date; 
(xv) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the Warsaw interbank offered rate 
("WIBOR") the Calculation Agent will determine the rate for deposits (or, as the 
case may require, the arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits) in Polish Zloty for 
a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date; 
(xvi) 
where the Reference Rate is based on the interbank offered rate in a Relevant 
Financial Centre specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the rate for deposits (or, as the case may require, the 
arithmetic mean of the rates for deposits) in the relevant currency for a period of 
the duration of the relevant Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date; 
(xvii) 
if no such rate for deposits so appears (or, as the case may require, if fewer than 
two such rates for deposits so appear), the Calculation Agent will request 
appropriate quotations and will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates at which

--- Page 89 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 79- 
70-41013180 
 
deposits in the relevant currency are offered by four major banks (selected by the 
Issuer) in the Relevant Financial Centre at approximately the Relevant Time on 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period to prime banks in the interbank market 
of the Relevant Financial Centre in each such case for a period of the duration of 
the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time; and 
(xviii) 
if fewer than two rates are so quoted, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre, selected by the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
for loans in the relevant currency to leading European banks for a period of the 
duration of the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for 
a single transaction in the relevant market at the Relevant Time; and 
(B) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period; provided, however, that if no rate is available for a 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of 
the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate 
at such time and by reference to such sources as determined by the Issuer, 
and the Rate of Interest applicable to such Covered Bonds during each Interest Period will 
be the sum of the relevant margin (the "Margin") specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement and the rate (or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean) so 
determined provided that, if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate (or, as 
the case may be, an arithmetic mean) in accordance with the above provisions in relation 
to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to such Covered Bonds during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate (or, as the case may be, the 
arithmetic mean) last determined in relation to such Covered Bonds in respect of a 
preceding Interest Period. 
For the purpose of these Conditions: "Euro-zone" means the region comprised of Member 
States of the European Union that adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty 
on European Union as amended, and as used in this Condition 4 (Interest); "business day" 
means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in the financial centre(s) specified for each Interest Determination Date; "Interest 
Determination Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement or, if none is so specified, means (i) in the case of LIBOR, the second London 
Banking Day before the first day of the relevant Interest Period, or in the case of Covered 
Bonds denominated in Pounds Sterling, the first London Banking Day of the relevant 
Interest Period or in the case of euro-LIBOR, the second TARGET2 Settlement Day 
before the first day of the relevant Interest Period, (ii) in the case of EURIBOR, the second 
TARGET2 Settlement Day before the first day of the relevant Interest Period, (iii) in the 
case of BBSW, the first Sydney business day of the relevant Interest Period, (iv) in the 
case of BKBM, the first Auckland and Wellington business day of the relevant Interest 
Period, (v) in the case of CDOR, the second Toronto business day prior to the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period, (vi) in the case of CIBOR, the second Copenhagen business 
day prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period, (vii) in the case of HIBOR, the 
first Hong Kong business day of the relevant Interest Period, (viii) in the case of JIBAR, 
the first Johannesburg business day of the relevant Interest Period, (ix) in the case of

--- Page 90 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 80- 
70-41013180 
 
MOSPRIME, the first Moscow business day before the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period, (x) in the case of NIBOR, the second Oslo business day before the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period, (xi) in the case of STIBOR, the second Stockholm business day 
before the first day of the relevant interest period, (xii) in the case of TIBOR, the second 
Tokyo business day before the first day of the relevant Interest Period, (xiii) in the case of 
TIIE, the first Mexico City business day before the first day of the relevant Interest Period, 
(xiv) in the case of TRLIBOR, the second Istanbul business day before the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period, (xv) in the case of WIBOR, the first Warsaw business day of the 
relevant Interest Period, or, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds, such other Interest 
Determination Date as shall be specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement; "Reference 
Rate" means (i) LIBOR, (ii) EURIBOR, (iii) BBSW, (iv) BKBM, (v) CDOR, (vi) CIBOR, 
(vii) HIBOR, (viii) JIBAR, (ix) MOSPRIME, (x) NIBOR, (xi) STIBOR, (xii) TIBOR, 
(xiii) TIIE, (xiv) TRLIBOR, (xv) WIBOR, in each case for the relevant Interest Period, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, or, in the case of Exempt 
Covered Bonds, such other Reference Rate as shall be specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement; "Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given to such term in 
Condition 7(4)(c)(ii); and "Relevant Time" means the time specified as such in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement or if none is so specified, means (i) in the case of LIBOR, 
11.00 a.m. London time, (ii) in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. Brussels time, (iii) in 
the case of BBSW, 10.00 a.m. Sydney time, (iv) in the case of BKBM, 11.00 a.m. 
Wellington time, (v) in the case of CDOR, 10.00 a.m. Toronto time, (vi) in the case of 
CIBOR, 11.00 a.m. Copenhagen time, (vii) in the case of HIBOR, 11.00 a.m. Hong Kong 
time, (viii) in the case of JIBAR, 12.00 p.m. Johannesburg time, (ix) in the case of 
MOSPRIME, 12.30 p.m. Moscow time, (x) in the case of NIBOR, 12.00 p.m. Oslo time, 
(xi) in the case of STIBOR, 11.00 a.m. Stockholm time, (xii) in the case of TIBOR, 11.00 
a.m. Tokyo time, (xiii) in the case of TIIE, 2.30 p.m. Mexico City time, (xiv) in the case 
of TRLIBOR, 11.15 a.m. Istanbul time, (xv) in the case of WIBOR, 11.00 a.m. Warsaw 
time or, in the case of Exempt Covered Bonds, such other time as shall be specified in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement. 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after determining the Rate of Interest 
in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest 
Amount") payable in respect of the Calculation Amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement for the relevant Interest Period. The amount of interest shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation 
Amount, multiplying the product by the actual number of days in the Interest Period 
concerned divided by 360 (or, in the case of the Covered Bonds denominated in Pounds 
Sterling, 365 (or, if any portion of such Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) 
the actual number of days in that portion divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days 
in the remainder of such Interest Period divided by 365)) or by such other number as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub unit of the currency in which such Covered Bonds are 
denominated or, as the case may be, in which such interest is payable (one half of any such 
sub unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal 
to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Covered Bond divided by the Calculation 
Amount. Where the Specified Denomination of such a Covered Bond comprises more than 
one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Covered Bond 
shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner above) for each 
Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding. 
(c) 
Interest – Floating Rate Covered Bonds referencing SONIA or SOFR 
(i) 
This Condition 4(c) is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being 
applicable and the Reference Rate is SONIA or SOFR. Covered Bonds in relation to which 
this Condition 4(c) is applicable shall bear interest on their outstanding nominal amount 
at the rates per annum determined in accordance with this Condition 4(c). 
(ii) 
Such Covered Bonds shall bear interest from and including their date of issue to, but 
excluding, the date of final maturity thereof (each date as specified in the relevant Final

--- Page 91 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 81- 
70-41013180 
 
Terms or Pricing Supplement). Interest will be payable on each Interest Payment Date 
which falls in such period of months or any other period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement after such date of issue or, as the case may be, after 
the preceding Interest Payment Date. If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall 
on a date which is not a Business Day (as defined in Condition 7 (Payments)), it shall be 
postponed to the next Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event it shall be brought forward to the preceding Business Day unless it 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement that if any Interest Payment 
Date would otherwise fall on the date which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed 
to the next Business Day. If such date of issue or any succeeding Interest Payment Date 
falls on the last Business Day of the month, each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall 
be the last Business Day of the relevant month. Each period beginning on (and including) 
such date of issue and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each 
period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next Interest Payment Date is herein called an "Interest Period". 
(iii) 
Subject to Condition 4(h) and 4(e)(iv) (if applicable), where the Reference Rate specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement is SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or 
minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) the Margin, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(c)(iii): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily sterling overnight reference rate 
as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date in question, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards: 
 
"d" means, for any Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such Interest Period; 
"do" means, for any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days in such Interest 
Period; 
"i" means, for any Interest Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first London Banking Day in such Interest Period to, and including, the last London 
Banking Day in such Interest Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
"ni" means, for any London Banking Day "i", the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London 
Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" London Banking Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking

--- Page 92 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 82- 
70-41013180 
 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Covered Bonds become due and 
payable); 
"p" means, for any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days included in the 
Observation Look-back Period specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, "i", a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
is published by such authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately 
following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Interest Period, the SONIA rate for the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i". 
If, subject to Condition 4(h), in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SONIA rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA rate 
shall be: (i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those lowest spreads). 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions, subject to Condition 4(h), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of 
the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Series of Covered Bonds for the first Interest Period had the Covered 
Bonds been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the relevant Series of Covered Bonds becomes due and payable otherwise than on an 
Interest Payment Date, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any 
Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
(as applicable), be deemed to be the date on which such Covered Bonds became due and 
payable and the Rate of Interest on such Covered Bonds shall, for so long as any such 
Covered Bond remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely for 
the purpose of such interest determination) the relevant Interest Period had been shortened 
accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA 
only compounds the SONIA reference rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The 
SONIA reference rate applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by 
applying the SONIA reference rate for the previous London Banking Day but without 
compounding. 
(iv) 
Where the Reference Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as 
applicable) is SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below and subject to Condition 4(i) (Benchmark Replacement (ARRC)), be the relevant 
Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) 
the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date.

--- Page 93 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 83- 
70-41013180 
 
If the relevant Series of Covered Bonds becomes due and payable otherwise than on an 
Interest Payment Date, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any 
Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
(as applicable), be deemed to be the date on which such Covered Bonds became due and 
payable and the Rate of Interest on such Covered Bonds shall, for so long as any such 
Covered Bond remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely for 
the purpose of such interest determination) the relevant Interest Period had been shortened 
accordingly. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions, subject to Condition 4(i) (Benchmark Replacement (ARRC)), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Covered Bonds for the first 
Interest Period had the Covered Bonds been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(c)(iv): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily 
SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and 
other provisions set out in this Condition 4(c)(iv). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this reason, in 
determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other 
provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the Interest Period or Observation Period, as the case may 
be, will be multiplied by the number of calendar days from and including such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR 
used in the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the 
provisions under 4(i) (Benchmark Replacement (ARRC)) below will apply. 
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
and is not a legal holiday in New York and is not a date on which banking institutions in 
New York are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following formula 
(and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
(A) 
in the case of Compounded SOFR specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement (as applicable) as being Compounded SOFR with Lookback: 
ቂ∏
ቀ1 +
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖−𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝𝑝 ×𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
ቁ−
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
1ቃ×
360
𝑑𝑑] 
 
where:

--- Page 94 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 84- 
70-41013180 
 
"do" for any Interest Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"SOFRi-pUSBD" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to that day "i"; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, 
is the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day ("i+1"); 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period;  
"p" means, for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as applicable);  
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(b) 
if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was 
published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or any successor source; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
or 
(B) 
in the case of Compounded SOFR specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement (as applicable) as being Compounded SOFR with Observation Period 
Shift: 
ቂ∏
ቀ1 +
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 ×𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
ቁ−
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
1ቃ×
360
𝑑𝑑] 
where: 
"do" for any Observation Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 95 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 85- 
70-41013180 
 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Observation 
Period, is the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day ("i+1"); 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"Observation Period" in respect of each Interest Period means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the 
first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
"p" means, for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as applicable); 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(b) 
if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was 
published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFRi" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day "i"; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or any successor source; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(v) 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement (as applicable) as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, 
calculated in accordance with the following formula on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date: 
 
 
(𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆−1) 𝑋𝑋 
𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁
𝑑𝑑
2 
to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as determined and 
calculated by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, where: 
"Compounded Index" shall mean either SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR 
Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as 
applicable); 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as published 
at 10:00 (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) 
on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source;

--- Page 96 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 86- 
70-41013180 
 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SOFR rate as published at 
15:00 (New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any 
successor source; 
"End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant 
Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such 
other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition 
or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant 
Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in the case 
of the SOFR Compounded Index, 360, or as otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement (as applicable); 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement (as applicable), be the fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA 
Compounded Index and the seventh decimal place in the case of the SOFR Compounded 
Index, in each case rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may 
be, 0.00000005 being rounded upwards); 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as 
applicable), but, unless otherwise specified, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index 
shall be five and in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index shall be two; 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking 
Days, and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day 
for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions, subject to Condition 4(h) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) or 
4(i) (Benchmark Replacement (ARRC)), as applicable, then the Fiscal Agent or the 
Calculation Agent (as applicable) shall calculate the Rate of Interest for that Interest Period 
as if Index Determination was not specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement (as applicable) and as if Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily 
SOFR with Observation Period Shift (as applicable) had been specified instead in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement (as applicable) and where "p" shall be deemed to be the 
same as the Relevant Number specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as 
applicable)  
If the relevant Series of Covered Bonds becomes due and payable otherwise than on an 
Interest Payment Date, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any 
Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
(as applicable), be deemed to be the date on which such Covered Bonds became due and 
payable and the Rate of Interest on such Covered Bonds shall, for so long as any such 
Covered Bond remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely for 
the purpose of such interest determination) the relevant Interest Period had been shortened 
accordingly. 
(vi) 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after determining the Rate of Interest 
in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of the

--- Page 97 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 87- 
70-41013180 
 
Calculation Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement for the 
relevant Interest Period. The amount of interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period concerned divided by 360 (or, in the case 
of the Covered Bonds denominated in Pounds Sterling, 365 (or, if any portion of such 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion 
divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in the remainder of such Interest Period 
divided by 365)) or by such other number as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest subunit of the currency 
in which such Covered Bonds are denominated or, as the case may be, in which such 
interest is payable (one half of any such subunit being rounded upwards) and multiplying 
such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant 
Covered Bonds divided by the Calculation Amount. Where the Specified Denomination 
of such a Covered Bond comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of such Covered Bond shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. For this purpose, a "subunit" means, in the 
case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(d) 
Interest—Other Rates 
Covered Bonds in relation to which this Condition 4(d) is specified in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement as being applicable shall bear interest at the rates per annum, or be payable in the 
amounts and in the manner determined in accordance with, the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
(e) 
Interest—Supplemental Provision 
(i) 
Condition 4(e)(ii) (Notification of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts and Interest 
Payment Dates) shall be applicable in relation to Covered Bonds in relation to which 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement as being applicable and Condition 4(e)(iii) shall be applicable in 
relation to all interest bearing Covered Bonds. 
(ii) 
Notification of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts and Interest Payment Dates 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest, floating rate, Interest Payment 
Date, final day of a calculation period, Interest Amount or floating amount determined or 
calculated by it to be notified to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. The Fiscal Agent will 
cause all such determinations or calculations to be notified to the other Paying Agents 
and, in the case of Registered Covered Bonds, the Registrar (from whose respective 
specified offices such information will be available) as soon as practicable after such 
determination or calculated but in any event not later than the fourth London Banking 
Day thereafter and, in the case of Covered Bonds admitted to the listing on the Official 
List of the Euronext Dublin and to trading on its regulated market, cause each such Rate 
of Interest, floating rate, Interest Amount or floating amount to be notified to the Euronext 
Dublin. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to amend any Interest Amount, floating 
amount, Interest Payment Date or last day of a calculation period (or to make appropriate 
alternative arrangements by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of the 
extension or abbreviation of the relevant Interest Period or calculation period. For the 
purposes of these Conditions, "London Banking Day" means a day on which 
commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London and "TARGET2 Settlement Day" has the meaning 
set out below. 
(iii) 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of all rates of interest and amounts of interest 
for the purposes of this Condition 4 shall, in the absence of manifest error, be final and 
binding on all parties.

--- Page 98 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 88- 
70-41013180 
 
(iv) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater 
than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(v) 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, including 
where the Minimum Rate of Interest is specified as being "Not Applicable" in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be 
zero. 
(f) 
Non Interest Bearing Covered Bonds 
If any principal amount in respect of any Covered Bond which is non interest bearing is not paid 
when due, interest shall accrue from and including such due date, or in the case of Finnish Covered 
Bonds from but excluding such due date, on the overdue amount at a rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage per annum) equal to the Accrual Yield defined in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement or at such other rate as may be specified for this purpose in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement until but excluding, or in the case of Finnish Covered Bonds until and including, the 
date on which, upon due presentation or surrender of the relevant Covered Bond (if required), the 
relevant payment is made or, if earlier (except where presentation or surrender of the relevant 
Covered Bond is not required as a pre-condition of payment), the seventh day after the date on 
which, the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, having received the funds required to 
make such payment, gives notice to the Holders of the Covered Bonds in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices) that the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be has received the 
required funds, (except to the extent that there is failure in the subsequent payment thereof to the 
relevant Holder). The amount of any such interest shall be calculated by multiplying the product 
of the Accrual Yield and the overdue sum by the Day Count Fraction as specified for this purpose 
in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
(g) 
Interest Payments up to the Extended Maturity Date 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as 
applying to a Series of Covered Bonds and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended 
beyond the Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 5(j) (Extension of maturity up to Extended 
Maturity Date): 
(i) 
the Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the earlier of the relevant Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on 
which the Covered Bonds are redeemed in full and the Extended Maturity Date. Interest 
shall be payable on the Covered Bonds at the rate specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement on the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds in 
arrear on each monthly Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect of the 
interest period beginning on (and including) the Maturity Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date and each subsequent 
interest period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next Interest Payment Date subject (in the case of the Exempt Covered 
Bonds only) as otherwise provided in the relevant Pricing Supplement. The final Interest 
Payment Date shall fall no later than the Extended Maturity Date; 
(ii) 
the rate of interest payable from time to time under Condition 4(g)(i) will be as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and, where applicable, determined by 
the Fiscal Agent or, where the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specify a 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so specified, three Business Days after the 
Maturity Date in respect of the first such interest period and thereafter as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds which are non-interest-bearing Covered Bonds up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date, for the purposes of this Condition 4(g) the principal amount 
outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity 
Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance with 
these Conditions.

--- Page 99 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 89- 
70-41013180 
 
(h) 
Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser) 
This Condition 4(h) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) shall apply to all Covered 
Bonds where Condition 4(h) (Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser)) is specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as applicable). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 4, if the Issuer (in consultation with 
the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
(as applicable) as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amount)) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to a Reference Rate, then 
the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the 
determination (with the Issuer's agreement) of a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no Successor Rate, an alternative 
rate (the "Alternative Benchmark Rate") and, in either case, an alternative screen page 
or source (the "Alternative Relevant Screen Page") and an Adjustment Spread (if 
applicable) no later than three (3) Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date or last SOFR Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next 
succeeding Interest Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for all future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4(h) if a further Benchmark 
Event occurs); 
(ii) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer acting in good faith agree has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary 
market usage for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest in respect of debt 
securities denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer agree that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer acting in good faith agree is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate, and 
the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information service as 
displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(iii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the Independent Adviser 
and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the IA Determination Cut-
off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, then the Issuer (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine which (if any) rate has replaced 
the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage for purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest in respect of debt securities denominated in the Specified 
Currency, or, if it determines that there is no such rate, which (if any) rate is most 
comparable to the relevant Reference Rate, and the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be 
the rate so determined by the Issuer and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be 
such page of an information service as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
provided, however, that if this sub-paragraph (iii) applies and the Issuer is unable or 
unwilling to determine an Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen 
Page prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest 
Period in accordance with this sub-paragraph (iii), the Reference Rate applicable to such 
Interest Period shall be equal to the Reference Rate for a term equivalent to the relevant 
Interest Period published on the Relevant Screen Page as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period). For the avoidance of doubt this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next 
succeeding Interest Period and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in the first paragraph of this 
Condition 4(h); 
(iv) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Alternative Relevant Screen 
Page is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or

--- Page 100 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 90- 
70-41013180 
 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the benchmark 
and the Relevant Screen Page in relation to the Covered Bonds for all future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4(h)); 
(v) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Benchmark Rate and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate for each subsequent determination of 
a relevant Rate of Interest and Interest Amount (or a component part thereof) by reference 
to such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(vi) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser (with the 
Issuer's agreement) or the Issuer (as the case may be), may also specify changes to the Day 
Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Interest 
Determination Date and/or the definition of Reference Rate applicable to the Covered 
Bonds, and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Covered Bonds, 
in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, which changes shall apply to the Covered 
Bonds for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
4(h)); and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page and Adjustment Spread (if any) 
give notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (vi) above to the 
Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the Holders. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement (ARRC) 
This Condition 4(i) (Benchmark Replacement (ARRC)) shall apply to all Covered Bonds where 
Condition 4(i) (Benchmark Replacement (ARRC)) is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as applicable). 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-
current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for 
all purposes relating to the Covered Bonds in respect of all determinations on such date and for 
all determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Holders. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 4(i) (Benchmark Replacement (ARRC)), including any determination with respect to 
a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or 
date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: 
(A) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(B) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and 
(C) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Covered 
Bonds, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Covered Bonds 
or any other party. 
"Benchmark" means, initially, U.S. dollar LIBOR or Compounded SOFR, as the case may be; 
provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
U.S. dollar LIBOR or Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation 
thereof), as the case may be, or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement.

--- Page 101 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 91- 
70-41013180 
 
"Benchmark Replacement" means: 
(A) 
In the case of Covered Bonds where the Reference Rate is U.S. dollar LIBOR, the 
Interpolated Benchmark with respect to the then-current Benchmark; provided that if the 
Issuer cannot determine the Interpolated Benchmark as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date, then "Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) Term SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(2) 
the sum of: (a) the relevant Compounded SOFR (as determined in accordance 
with Condition 4(c)(iv) above and as if Compounded Daily SOFR with 
Observation Period Shift had not been specified in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement (as applicable)) and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(4) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(5) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of 
interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. Dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(B) 
In the case of Covered Bonds where the Reference Rate is SOFR, "Benchmark 
Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(2) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(3) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(B) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the

--- Page 102 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 92- 
70-41013180 
 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect 
the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably 
necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including, in the case of Compounded SOFR, the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(B) 
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, 
the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time 
for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including, in the case of Compounded SOFR, the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(B) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency 
of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(C) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark; 
"Interpolated Benchmark" with respect to the Benchmark means the rate determined for the 
Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (A) the Benchmark for the

--- Page 103 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 93- 
70-41013180 
 
longest period (for which the Benchmark is available) that is shorter than the Corresponding 
Tenor and (B) the Benchmark for the shortest period (for which the Benchmark is available) that 
is longer than the Corresponding Tenor; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time 
to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to 
time; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is LIBOR, the Relevant Time, (ii) if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the 
SOFR Determination Time, and (iii) if the Benchmark is neither LIBOR nor Compounded 
SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
"Term SOFR" means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor 
based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body; 
and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under this Condition 4(i) 
(Benchmark Replacement (ARRC)) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), the 
Covered Bondholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on 
which such changes take effect. 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of 
this Condition 4(i) (Benchmark Replacement (ARRC)); and 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
(i) 
Interest - Definitions 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative) or a formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines should be applied to the relevant

--- Page 104 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 94- 
70-41013180 
 
Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable), as a result of the 
replacement of the relevant Reference Rate with the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable), and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made, or 
option provided, or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the spread, formula or 
methodology which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith, determines to be appropriate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the 
fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Holders as a result of the replacement of the Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a 
result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will 
continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased or will cease publishing such 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by a specified 
future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future 
Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences either generally or in respect of the Covered Bonds; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that, in the view of such supervisor: (i) such Reference Rate is, or will, by a specified 
future date (the "Specified Future Date"), is no longer representative of an underlying 
market; or (ii) the methodology to calculate such Reference Rate has materially changed; 
or 
(f) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any Holder 
using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 and/or the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (as applicable), if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within sub-paragraphs (b), (c), (d) or (e) above and the Specified Future Date in the 
public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark 
Event shall not be deemed occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future 
Date; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, may have different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, 
the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(g) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 105 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 95- 
70-41013180 
 
(h) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(i) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(j) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means 
that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as the Specified Period after the calendar month in 
which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(1) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(2) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(3) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which 
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is 
a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months 
after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(k) 
"No Adjustment" or "unadjusted" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other agent specified as being responsible 
for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) and/or principal or interest due in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or 
the relevant Pricing Supplement and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period 
and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a

--- Page 106 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 96- 
70-41013180 
 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in 
a leap years, 366; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction =  
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 107 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 97- 
70-41013180 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(viii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding 
the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"Determination Agent" means the agent specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international 
capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date of issue of the Covered Bonds (as specified in 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) or such other date as may be specified as such in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement;

--- Page 108 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 98- 
70-41013180 
 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
"Optional Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to 
but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including 
a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest 
Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next 
Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the 
end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): (i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or (ii) any working group or 
committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central 
bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Successor Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if 
available) that the Independent Adviser (with the Issuer's agreement) determines is a successor to 
or replacement of the relevant Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 
November 2007; and 
"TARGET2 Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro. 
5. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, Covered Bonds shall be 
redeemed at their principal amount (or at such other redemption amount as may be 
specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement) on the date or dates (or, in the case of 
Covered Bonds which bear interest at a floating rate of interest, on the date or dates upon 
which interest is payable) specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 109 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 99- 
70-41013180 
 
(b) 
Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds, as a result of any change in the laws of any 
Taxing Jurisdiction or of any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency 
therein or thereof having power to tax or in the interpretation or administration of any such 
laws or regulations which becomes effective on or after the date of issue of such Covered 
Bonds or any earlier date specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement on 
the occasion of the next payment due in respect of such Covered Bonds the Issuer would 
be required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 6 (Taxation), the Issuer 
may, at its option having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice (ending, in 
the case of Covered Bonds which bear interest at a floating rate, on a day upon which 
interest is payable) to the Holders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) (which notice 
shall be irrevocable) redeem in whole (but not, unless and to the extent that the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement specifies otherwise, in part) the Covered Bonds of the 
relevant Series at their principal amount or such other redemption amount as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement or at the redemption amount 
referred to in Condition 5(f) (Early Redemption of non interest bearing Covered Bonds), 
together with accrued but unpaid interest ("Accrued Interest") (if any) thereon. 
"Taxing Jurisdiction" means Finland or any political subdivision thereof or any authority 
or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof, having power to tax in 
which the Issuer is treated as having a permanent establishment, under the income tax laws 
of such jurisdiction. 
(c) 
Optional Early Redemption (Call) 
If this Condition 5(c) is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as 
being applicable, then the Issuer may, upon the expiry of the appropriate notice, redeem 
in whole (but not, unless and to the extent that the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement specifies otherwise, in part), the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series at its 
principal amount or such other redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, together with Accrued Interest (if any) thereon. 
Covered Bonds denominated in Pounds Sterling may not be redeemed prior to one year 
and one day from the date of issue. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional 
Redemption Amount shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
The appropriate notice referred to in this Condition 5(c) is a notice given by the Issuer to 
the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Covered Bonds) and the Holders 
of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series, which notice shall be signed by two duly 
authorised officers of the Issuer and shall specify: 
• 
the Series of Covered Bonds subject to redemption; 
• 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series 
which are to be redeemed; 
• 
the due date for such redemption, which shall be not less than 30 days (as more 
particularly specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) after 
the date on which such notice is validly given and which is, in the case of 
Covered Bonds which bear interest at a floating rate, a date upon which interest 
is payable; and 
• 
the amount at which such Covered Bonds are to be redeemed, which shall be 
their principal amount (or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) together with, in the case of Covered Bonds 
which bear interest, Accrued Interest thereon.

--- Page 110 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 100- 
70-41013180 
 
Any such notice shall be irrevocable, and the delivery thereof shall oblige the Issuer to 
make the redemption therein specified. 
(d) 
Partial Redemption 
If the Covered Bonds of a Series are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance 
with Condition 5(c) (Optional Early Redemption (Call)): 
(i) 
in the case of Bearer Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds shall be redeemed pro 
rata to their principal amount by being drawn by lot in such European city as the 
Fiscal Agent may specify, or identified in such other manner or in such other place 
as the Fiscal Agent may approve and deem appropriate and fair, subject always to 
compliance with all applicable laws and the rules of each listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) on which the Covered Bonds have then 
been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and, if applicable, the rules of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
nominal amount, at their discretion); and 
(ii) 
in the case of Registered Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds shall be redeemed 
pro rata to their principal amounts, subject always to compliance with all 
applicable laws and the rules of each listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system (if any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation and, if applicable, the rules of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(e) 
Optional Early Redemption (Put) 
If this Condition 5(e) is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as 
being applicable, then the Issuer shall, upon the exercise of the relevant option by the 
Holder of any Covered Bond of the relevant Series, redeem such Covered Bond on the 
date or the next of the dates specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
at its principal amount (or such other redemption amount as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement), together with Accrued Interest (if any) 
thereon. In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than forty five days 
before the date so specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, deposit the 
relevant Covered Bond (together, in the case of an interest bearing Definitive Covered 
Bond, with any unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto) with, in the case of a Bearer 
Covered Bond, any Paying Agent or, in the case of a Registered Covered Bond, the 
Registrar together with a duly completed redemption notice in the form which is available 
from the specified office of any of the Paying Agents or, as the case may be, the Registrar. 
(f) 
Early Redemption of non interest bearing Covered Bonds 
The redemption amount payable in respect of any non interest bearing Covered Bond upon 
redemption of such Covered Bond pursuant to Condition 5(b) (Early Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons), or, if applicable Condition 5(c) (Optional Early Redemption (Call)) or 
5(e) (Optional Early Redemption (Put)) shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated 
as provided below) of such Covered Bonds or such other calculation basis as may be 
specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
(i) 
Subject to the provisions of subparagraph (ii) below, the Amortised Face Amount 
of any such Covered Bond shall be the sum of (A) the Reference Price specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and (B) the aggregate amortisation 
of the difference between the principal amount of such Covered Bond from its date 
of issue to the date on which such Covered Bond becomes due and payable at a 
rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Accrual Yield specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement compounded annually and the 
Reference Price. Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one 
year, it shall be made on the basis of a 360 day year consisting of 12 months of 30

--- Page 111 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 101- 
70-41013180 
 
days each or such other Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
(ii) 
If the redemption amount payable in respect of any such Covered Bond upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 5(b) (Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 
or, if applicable Condition 5(c) (Optional Early Redemption (Call)) or 5(e) 
(Optional Early Redemption (Put)) is not paid when due, the redemption amount 
due and payable in respect of such Covered Bond shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount of such Covered Bond as defined in subparagraph (i) above, except that 
subparagraph (i) above shall have effect as though the reference therein to the date 
on which the Covered Bond becomes due and payable were replaced by a reference 
to the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance 
with this subparagraph (ii) will continue to be made (as well after as before 
judgment), until the Relevant Date unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the 
Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the principal 
amount of such Covered Bond. 
(g) 
Purchase of Covered Bonds 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries (if any) may at any time purchase Covered Bonds in the 
open market or otherwise and at any price provided that, in the case of interest bearing 
Definitive Covered Bonds, any unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith. Such purchased Covered Bonds may be cancelled, reissued or resold. 
(h) 
Cancellation of Redeemed and Purchased Covered Bonds 
All Covered Bonds redeemed or purchased for cancellation in accordance with this 
Condition 5 and, in the case of interest bearing Definitive Covered Bonds, any unmatured 
Coupons attached thereto or surrendered or purchased for cancellation therewith will be 
cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. References in this Condition 5 to the purchase 
of Covered Bonds by the Issuer or its subsidiaries (if any) shall not include the purchase 
of Covered Bonds in the ordinary course of business of dealing in securities or the 
purchase of Covered Bonds otherwise than as beneficial owners. 
(i) 
Procedure for Payment upon Redemption 
Any redemption of the Finnish Covered Bonds pursuant to this Condition 5 shall be in 
accordance with, in the case of the Finnish Covered Bonds, the Euroclear Finland Rules. 
(j) 
Extension of maturity up to Extended Maturity Date 
(i) 
An Extended Maturity Date may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as applying to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
(ii) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds and the Issuer fails to redeem 
the relevant Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date or within three Business 
Days thereafter, the maturity of the outstanding Covered Bonds and the date on 
which such Covered Bonds will be due and repayable for the purposes of these 
Conditions will be automatically extended up to but no later than the Extended 
Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided for in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement. In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the principal 
amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in 
any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date 
or as otherwise provided for in the relevant Pricing Supplement. The Issuer shall 
give notice to the Holders of the Covered Bonds (in accordance with Condition 12 
(Notices)) and the Paying Agents of its intention to redeem all or any of the 
principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds at least five Business Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as applicable, the Extended Maturity 
Date.

--- Page 112 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 102- 
70-41013180 
 
(iii) 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are non-interest-bearing up to (and including) 
the Maturity Date to which an Extended Maturity Date is specified under the 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, for the purposes of this Condition 5(j) 
the principal amount outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by 
the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of 
such amount in accordance with these Conditions. 
(iv) 
Any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 5(j) shall be 
irrevocable. Where this Condition 5(j) applies, any failure to redeem the Covered 
Bonds on the Maturity Date or any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds 
under this Condition 5(j), shall not constitute a default, an event of default or 
acceleration of payment or other similar condition or event (however described) 
for any purpose or give any Covered Bond Holder any right to receive any payment 
of interest, principal or otherwise on the relevant Covered Bonds other than as 
expressly set out in these Conditions. 
(v) 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 
5(j), rates of interest, interest periods and interest payment dates on the Covered 
Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extended 
Maturity Date shall be determined and made in accordance with the relevant Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement and Condition 4(g) (Interest Payments up to the 
Extended Maturity Date). 
(vi) 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding of 
Covered Bonds on any Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date, the 
redemption proceeds shall be applied rateably across the Covered Bonds and the 
principal amount outstanding on the Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the level 
of that redemption. 
(vii) 
If the maturity of any Covered Bonds is extended up to the Extended Maturity Date 
in accordance with this Condition 5(j), subject as otherwise provided for in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement, for so long as any of those Covered Bonds remains 
outstanding, the Issuer shall not issue any further Covered Bonds, unless the 
proceeds of issue of such further Covered Bonds are applied by the Issuer on issue 
to redeem in whole or in part the relevant Covered Bonds in accordance with the 
terms hereof. 
6. 
Taxation 
(a) 
All amounts payable (whether in respect of principal, redemption amount, interest or 
otherwise) in respect of the Covered Bonds will be made free and clear of and without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Taxing Jurisdiction or any 
political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to 
tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes or duties is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the 
net amounts receivable by the Holders after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts which would have been receivable in the absence of such withholding 
or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to 
payment in respect of any Covered Bond or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment in Finland; or 
(ii) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder who is liable to such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Bearer Covered Bond or Coupon by reason of such Holder having some 
connection with a Taxing Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Bearer 
Covered Bond or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined 
below), except to the extent that the relevant Holder would have been entitled to

--- Page 113 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 103- 
70-41013180 
 
such additional amounts on presenting the same for payment on the expiry of such 
period of 30 days; or 
(iv) 
held by or on behalf of, a Holder who would not be liable or subject to the 
withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non residence or other similar 
claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority, 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these terms and conditions, the Issuer shall be 
permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required by Sections 1471 to 1474 of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 ("FATCA"), any treaty, law, regulation or other 
official guidance implementing FATCA, or any agreement (or related guidance) between 
the Issuer, a paying agent or any other person and the United States, any other jurisdiction, 
or any authority of any of the foregoing implementing FATCA and none of the Issuer, any 
paying agent or any other person shall be required to pay any additional amounts with 
respect to any FATCA withholding or deduction imposed on or with respect to any 
Covered Bond. 
(b) 
For the purposes of these Conditions, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such 
payment first becomes due and payable, but if the full amount of the moneys payable has 
not been received by the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar on or prior to 
such due date, it means the first date on which the full amount of such moneys has been 
so received and notice to that effect shall have been duly given to the Holders of the 
Covered Bonds of the relevant Series in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
(c) 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal, redemption amount and/or interest in 
respect of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed also to refer to any additional amounts 
which may be payable under this Condition 6 or any undertaking given in addition thereto 
or in substitution therefor. 
7. 
Payments 
(1) 
Payments—Bearer Covered Bonds 
(a) 
This Condition 7(1) is applicable in relation to Bearer Covered Bonds. 
(b) 
Payment of amounts (including Accrued Interest) due on the redemption of Bearer 
Covered Bonds will be made against presentation and, save in the case of a partial 
redemption by reason of insufficiency of funds, surrender of the relevant Bearer Covered 
Bonds to or to the order of any of the Paying Agents. 
(c) 
Payment of amounts due in respect of interest on Bearer Covered Bonds will be made: 
(i) 
in the case of a Temporary Global Covered Bond or Permanent Global Covered 
Bond, against presentation of the relevant Temporary Global Covered Bond or 
Permanent Global Covered Bond at the specified office of any of the Paying 
Agents outside the United States and, in the case of a Temporary Global 
Covered Bond, upon due certification as required therein; 
(ii) 
in the case of Definitive Covered Bonds without Coupons attached thereto at the 
time of their initial delivery, against presentation of the relevant Definitive 
Covered Bonds at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents outside the 
United States; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Definitive Covered Bonds delivered with Coupons attached 
thereto at the time of their initial delivery, against surrender of the relevant 
Coupons at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents outside the United 
States. 
(d) 
If the due date for payment of any amount due (whether in respect of principal, interest 
or otherwise) in respect of any Bearer Covered Bonds is not a Business Day, then the 
Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until the next following such

--- Page 114 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 104- 
70-41013180 
 
Business Day and no further payment shall be due in respect of such delay save in the 
event that there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with these Conditions. 
(e) 
Each Definitive Covered Bond initially delivered with Coupons attached thereto should 
be surrendered for final redemption together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining 
thereto, failing which: 
(i) 
in the case of Definitive Covered Bonds which bear interest at a fixed rate or 
rates, the amount of any missing unmatured Coupons will be deducted from the 
amount otherwise payable on such final redemption, the amount so deducted 
being payable against surrender of the relevant Coupon at the specified office of 
any of the Paying Agents at any time prior to the tenth anniversary of the due 
date of such final redemption or, if later, the fifth anniversary of the date of 
maturity of such Coupon; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Definitive Covered Bonds which bear interest at, or at a margin 
above or below, a floating rate, all unmatured Coupon relating to such Definitive 
Covered Bonds (whether or not surrendered therewith) shall become void and 
no payment shall be made thereafter in respect of them. 
(2) 
Payments—Registered Covered Bonds 
(a) 
This Condition 7(2) is applicable in relation to Registered Covered Bonds. 
(b) 
Payments of the amounts (including Accrued Interest) due on the final redemption of 
Registered Covered Bonds will be made against presentation and, save in the case of a 
partial redemption by reason of insufficiency of funds, surrender of the relevant 
Registered Covered Bonds at the specified office of the Registrar. If the due date for 
payment of the final redemption amount of Registered Covered Bonds is not a Business 
Day, the Holder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until the next following 
such Business Day and no further payment shall be due in respect of such delay save in 
the event that there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with these Conditions. 
(c) 
Payment of amounts (whether principal, interest or otherwise) due (other than in respect 
of the final redemption of Registered Covered Bonds) in respect of Registered Covered 
Bonds will be paid to the Holders thereof (or, in the case of joint Holders, the first named) 
as appearing in the register kept by the Registrar as at opening of business (London time) 
on the fifteenth London Banking Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record 
Date"). 
(d) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 7(4)(b), payments of interest due (other than 
in respect of the final redemption of Registered Covered Bonds) will be made by a cheque 
drawn on a bank in the Relevant Financial Centre and posted to the address (as recorded 
in the register held by the Registrar) of the Holder thereof, (or, in the case of joint Holders, 
the first named) on the Business Day immediately preceding the relevant date for 
payment unless prior to the relevant Record Date the Holder thereof (or, in the case of 
joint Holders, the first named) has applied to the Registrar and the Registrar has 
acknowledged such application for payment to be made to a designated account (in the 
case aforesaid, a non resident account with an authorised foreign exchange bank). 
(3) 
Payments—Finnish Covered Bonds 
Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of the Finnish Covered Bonds shall be made to the 
Holders as appearing registered in the register kept by Euroclear Finland as such on the fifth 
business day (as defined by the then applicable Euroclear Finland Rules) before the due date for 
such payment, such day being a Helsinki Business Day, or such other business day falling closer 
to the due date as then may be stipulated in Euroclear Finland Rules and will be made in accordance 
with said Euroclear Finland Rules. Such day shall be the "Record Date" in respect of the Finnish 
Covered Bonds in accordance with Euroclear Finland Rules.

--- Page 115 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 105- 
70-41013180 
 
(4) 
Payments — General Provisions 
(a) 
Save as otherwise specified in Condition 7(1) and 7(2), this Condition 7(4) is applicable 
in relation to Covered Bonds whether in bearer or in registered form. 
(b) 
Subject to this Condition 7(4), payments of amounts due (whether in respect of principal, 
interest or otherwise) in respect of Covered Bonds denominated in a currency other than 
euro will be made by cheque drawn on, or by transfer to, an account maintained by the 
payee with, a bank (in the case aforesaid, an authorised foreign exchange bank) in the 
Relevant Financial Centre and in respect of an Covered Bond denominated in euro by 
cheque drawn on, or by transfer to, an euro account (or any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal 
financial centre of any Member State of the European Union. Payments will be subject 
in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place 
of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
(c) 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
(i) 
"Business Day" means (unless varied or restated in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in the relevant currency in London and: 
• 
in relation to Covered Bonds denominated in euro, a TARGET2 
Settlement Day; 
• 
in relation to Finnish Covered Bonds, Helsinki; 
• 
in relation to Covered Bonds denominated in any other currency, the 
Relevant Financial Centre; and 
• 
in relation to payments due upon presentation and/or surrender of any 
Covered Bonds or Coupon, in the relevant place of presentation and/or 
surrender; 
(ii) 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement: 
• 
in relation to Covered Bonds denominated in Australian Dollars, 
Sydney; 
• 
in relation to Covered Bonds denominated in Canadian Dollars, 
Toronto; 
• 
in relation to Covered Bonds denominated in Danish Krone, 
Copenhagen; 
• 
in relation to Covered Bonds denominated in Hong Kong Dollars, 
Hong Kong; 
• 
in relation to Covered Bonds denominated in Japanese Yen, Tokyo; 
• 
in relation to Covered Bonds denominated in Polish Zloty, Warsaw; 
• 
in relation to Covered Bonds denominated in Pounds Sterling, London; 
• 
in relation to Covered Bonds denominated in Mexican Pesos, Mexico 
City;

--- Page 116 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 106- 
70-41013180 
 
• 
in relation to Covered Bonds denominated in New Zealand Dollars, 
Wellington and Auckland; 
• 
in relation to Covered Bonds denominated in Norwegian Kroner, Oslo; 
• 
in relation to Covered Bonds denominated in Russian Roubles, 
Moscow; 
• 
in relation to Covered Bonds denominated in South African Rand, 
Johannesburg; 
• 
in relation to Covered Bonds denominated in Swedish Krona, 
Stockholm; 
• 
in relation to Covered Bonds denominated in Swiss francs, Zurich; 
• 
in relation to Covered Bonds denominated in United States dollars, 
New York City; and 
• 
in relation to Covered Bonds denominated in any other currency, such 
financial centre or centres as may be specified in relation to the relevant 
currency and for the purposes of the definition of "Business Day" in 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated from time to time), 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. or as specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
8. 
Prescription 
(a) 
Bearer Covered Bonds and the related Coupons will become void unless presented for 
payment within 10 years (or, in the case of Coupons and save as provided in Condition 
7(1)(e), five years) after the due date for payment. 
(b) 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Registered Covered Bonds will be prescribed unless 
made within 10 years (or, in the case of claims in respect of interest, five years) after the 
due date for payment. 
9. 
The Paying Agents and the Registrars 
The initial Paying Agents and Registrars and their respective initial specified offices are specified 
below. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying 
Agent (including the Fiscal Agent) or the Registrar and to appoint additional or other Paying 
Agents or another Registrar provided that it will at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a 
Registrar, (iii) a Paying Agent with a specified office in continental Europe but outside Finland, 
(iv) so long as any Finnish Covered Bonds are cleared through Euroclear Finland, an Issuing Agent 
with a specified office in Finland, and (v) so long as Covered Bonds are listed on any stock 
exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the 
relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority. The Paying Agents and the Registrar reserve 
the right at any time to change their respective specified offices to some other specified office in 
the same city. Notice of all changes in the identities or specified offices of the Paying Agents or 
the Registrar will be notified promptly to the Holders. 
10. 
Replacement of Covered Bonds 
If any Covered Bond or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Covered Bonds and Coupons) or 
of the Registrar (in the case of Registered Covered Bonds), subject to all applicable laws and the 
requirements of any stock exchange and/or listing authority on which the relevant Covered Bonds 
are listed, upon payment by the claimant of all expenses incurred in such replacement and upon 
such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent or, 
as the case may be, the Registrar may require. Mutilated or defaced Covered Bonds and Coupons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be delivered.

--- Page 117 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 107- 
70-41013180 
 
11. 
Meetings of Holders 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions, which are binding on the Issuer and the Holders 
of Covered Bonds or Coupons, for convening meetings of the Holders of Covered Bonds of any 
Series to consider matters affecting their interests, including the modification or waiver of the 
Conditions applicable to any Series of Covered Bonds. 
In relation to Finnish Covered Bonds only, meetings of Holders shall be held in accordance with 
the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
12. 
Notices 
(a) 
To Holders of Bearer Covered Bonds 
Notices to Holders of Bearer Covered Bonds will, save where another means of effective 
communication has been specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, be deemed to be 
validly given if published in a leading daily newspaper having general circulation in the 
United Kingdom (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, in the case of a 
Temporary Global Covered Bond or Permanent Global Covered Bond if delivered to 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the persons shown 
in their respective records as having interests therein provided that, in the case of Covered 
Bonds admitted to listing and/or trading on any stock exchange, the requirements of such 
stock exchange or listing authority have been complied with. Any notice so given will be 
deemed to have been validly given on the date of such publication (or, if published more 
than once, on the date of first such publication) or, as the case may be, on the fourth 
Business Day after the date of such delivery. 
(b) 
To Holders of Registered Covered Bonds 
Notices to Holders of Registered Covered Bonds will be deemed to be validly given if sent 
by first-class mail to them (or, in the case of joint Holders, to the first named in the register 
kept by the Registrar) at their respective addresses as recorded in the Register kept by the 
Registrar, and will be deemed to have been validly given on the fourth Business Day after 
the date of such mailing. 
(c) 
To the Issuer 
Notices to the Issuer will be deemed to be validly given if delivered at Nordea Mortgage 
Bank Plc, c/o Group Finance VU 2175 / F207, Satamaradankatu 5, 00020 NORDEA, 
Helsinki and clearly marked on their exterior "Urgent — Attention: Group Treasury & 
ALM" (or at such other address and for such other attention as may have been notified to 
the Holders of the Covered Bonds in accordance with this Condition (12)) and will be 
deemed to have been validly given at the opening of business on the next day on which 
the Issuer's principal office is open for business. 
(d) 
Notices in respect of Finnish Covered Bonds 
Notices in respect of Finnish Covered Bonds will be in writing, sent by mail, addressed to 
such Holders at the address appearing in Euroclear Finland Register maintained by the 
Finnish Issuing Agent in accordance with Euroclear Finland Rules, and will be deemed to 
have been validly given on the fourth Business Day after the date of such mailing. 
13. 
Further Issues 
Subject to Condition 5(j) (Extension of maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) the Issuer may 
from time to time without the consent of the Holders of any Covered Bonds of any Series create 
and issue further covered bonds having terms and conditions the same as those of the Covered 
Bonds of such Series or the same except for the amount and date of the first payment of interest (if 
any), which may be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Covered Bonds of 
such Series.

--- Page 118 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 108- 
70-41013180 
 
14. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
The Covered Bonds, the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and all non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with any of them are governed by 
English law, except that Condition 3 (Status) and all non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with it are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with 
the laws of Finland. In addition the Covered Bonds must comply with the CBA. Finnish 
law and jurisdiction will be applicable with regard to the registration of such Finnish 
Covered Bonds in Euroclear Finland and the Finnish Covered Bonds must comply with 
the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry Securities System and Clearing Activity (Laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta 348/2017), as amended. 
(b) 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees for the benefit of the Holders of the Covered Bonds that the 
courts of England shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or 
proceedings, and to settle any disputes, which may arise out of or in connection with the 
Covered Bonds (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligation arising out 
of or in connection with the Covered Bonds) (respectively, "Proceedings" and "Disputes") 
and, for such purposes, irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. The Issuer 
irrevocably waives any objection which it might now or hereafter have to the courts of 
England being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any Proceedings and to settle 
any Disputes and agrees not to claim that any such court is not a convenient or appropriate 
forum. The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of England shall not (and shall not 
be construed so as to) limit the right of the Holders of the Covered Bonds or of any of 
them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking 
of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any 
other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if and to the extent permitted by applicable 
law. The Issuer agrees that the process by which any Proceedings in England are begun 
may be served on it by being delivered to Nordea Bank Abp, London Branch at its 
registered address in London from time to time, being presently at 8th Floor, City Place 
House, 55 Basinghall Street, London EC2V 5NB, or at any other address at which process 
may from time to time be served on it in accordance with the Companies Act 2006 (as 
modified or re-enacted from time to time). Nothing contained herein shall affect the right 
to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding that, under the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry Securities System and 
Clearing Activity (Laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta 348/2017), as 
amended, other Finnish laws or the operating procedures, rules and regulations of 
Euroclear Finland (together, the "Finnish Remedies"), Holders of Finnish Covered Bonds 
may have remedies against the Issuer for non-payment or non-performance under the 
Conditions applicable to such Finnish Covered Bonds, a Finnish Covered Bond Holder 
must first exhaust all available remedies under English law for non-payment or non-
performance before any Proceedings may be brought against the Issuer in Finland in 
respect of the Finnish Remedies. Notwithstanding Condition 14(b), and in this limited 
respect only, a Registered Holder of Finnish Covered Bonds may therefore not take 
concurrent Proceedings in Finland. 
15. 
Third Parties Rights 
No person shall have any right to enforce any Condition of any Covered Bonds under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from such Act.

--- Page 119 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 109- 
70-41013180 
 
SUMMARY OF FINNISH LEGISLATION REGARDING COVERED BONDS AND RELEVANT 
TO MORTGAGE LENDING 
The following is a brief summary of certain features of the Finnish Covered Bond Act (Laki 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010), as amended (the "CBA") as of the date hereof. The summary 
does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the Finnish legislative and 
regulatory framework for covered bonds. Please also refer to the "Risk Factors" on pages 7 to 22. 
General 
The CBA entered into force on 1 August 2010. It enables the issue of covered bonds (katetut joukkolainat) 
("covered bonds") which are debt instruments secured by a cover pool of eligible assets ("cover pool"). 
The CBA regulates which assets can be used as collateral for the covered bonds and the quality of such 
assets. They are issued by credit institutions (such as the Issuer), which are authorised to engage in the 
mortgage credit business (kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminta) (each an "issuer"). 
Supervision 
The Issuer is a significant supervised entity, directly supervised by the ECB. 
The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority ("FIN-FSA") is responsible for supervising each issuer's 
compliance with the CBA and may issue regulations for risk management and internal control in respect of 
mortgage credit business operations. If an issuer does not comply with the provisions of the CBA or the 
conditions of the licence granted by the FIN-FSA, the FIN-FSA shall lay down a period in which the issuer 
must fulfil any requirements set by the FIN-FSA. If such requirements are not fulfilled within the set period, 
the FIN-FSA may cancel the issuer's authorisation to engage in mortgage credit business. 
As of the date hereof, the FIN-FSA has issued two regulations on mortgage credit bank operations: 
Regulation 6/2012 on authorisation procedure and risk management, and Regulation 7/2012 on reporting 
of mortgage credit bank operations. 
Authorisation 
Mortgage credit business is a line of banking business which involves the issuing of covered bonds on the 
basis of loans secured by residential or commercial real estate or, shares in Finnish housing companies or 
real estate companies as well as claims against public-sector entities. A credit institution must fulfil certain 
requirements prescribed in the CBA in order to obtain a mortgage credit licence from the European Central 
Bank or an authorisation from the FIN-FSA to engage in a mortgage credit business. The credit institution 
must, among other things, have in place suitable procedures and instruments for managing the risk entailed 
in holding the cover pool assets and in issuing covered bonds and also prove that it intends to engage in a 
mortgage credit business on a regular and sustained basis. The issuer must have put the appropriate 
organisational structure and resources into place. Mortgage credit banks, whose activities are exclusively 
restricted to carrying out a mortgage credit business, may also be authorised to issue covered bonds. 
Register of covered bonds 
Chapter 5 of the CBA requires the issuer to maintain a register (the "register") for the covered bonds and 
the collateral which forms the cover pool assets for the covered bonds. Any intermediary loan (see 
"Intermediary loans" below) shall also be entered in the register. The actual entry of the covered bonds and 
relevant derivative transactions (as defined below) in the register is necessary to confer the preferential 
right in the cover pool in favour of, among others, the holders of covered bonds. Further, only assets entered 
in the register form part of the cover pool. 
The register must list, amongst other things, the covered bonds issued by the issuer and the assets in the 
cover pool and derivatives transactions entered into by the issuer to hedge against the risks relating to 
covered bonds or their underlying collateral and recorded in the register ("derivative transactions"), along 
with any loans made by the bankruptcy administrator of the issuer to secure liquidity or take out liquidity 
credit in accordance with Section 26 of the CBA recorded in the register ("bankruptcy liquidity loans") 
entered into on behalf of the issuer. All assets entered in the register shall rank equally as collateral for the 
covered bonds, unless the collateral has been entered in the register as collateral for specified covered 
bonds. If mortgage loans, a public-sector loan or any supplementary collateral (as defined below) is placed 
in the register as collateral for a particular covered bond, the register must specify the covered bond which

--- Page 120 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 110- 
70-41013180 
 
this collateral covers. Section 22 of the CBA requires that the information shall be entered in the register 
no later than on the first business day following the issue of the covered bonds and information on the 
granting or acquisition of a mortgage loan or public-sector loan or a supplementary collateral which is 
placed as collateral for the covered bonds shall be entered in the register no later than one day after granting 
or acquiring such collateral. Any changes in such information shall be entered in the register without delay 
(although no specific timeframe is provided for under the CBA). A mortgage loan or a public-sector loan 
shall be removed from the register when it has been fully repaid by the relevant borrower. A loan shall also 
be removed from the register if it can no longer be deemed to be an eligible asset (as defined below). A 
mortgage loan, a public-sector loan or any supplementary collateral may also be removed from the register, 
if, after its removal, the remaining mortgage loans, public-sector loans and supplementary collateral entered 
in the register are sufficient to meet the requirements prescribed in the CBA. Accordingly, the cover pool 
is dynamic in the sense that an issuer may supplement or substitute assets in the cover pool. 
The duty to maintain the register is with the issuer. The CBA contains no formal requirements for the 
physical form of the register. The FIN-FSA monitors the standard and form as well as the management of 
the register including the due and proper recording of assets. The information in the register shall be 
submitted to the FIN-FSA regularly. 
Eligible cover pool assets 
The covered bonds shall be covered at all times by a specific but dynamic cover pool of eligible assets 
which may consist of mortgage loans, public-sector loans and supplementary collateral ("eligible assets"), 
each as defined in the CBA as follows: 
"mortgage loans" are housing loans or commercial property loans; 
"housing loans" are loans secured by (i) mortgageable property for primarily residential purposes referred 
to in Chapter 16, Section 1 or Chapter 19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code (Maakaari 540/1995), as 
amended; or (ii) shares in a housing company referred to in Chapter 1, Section 2 of the Act on Housing 
Companies (Asunto-osakeyhtiölaki 1599/2009), as amended or shares comparable thereto, participations 
and rights of occupancy; or (iii) collateral comparable to the aforementioned collateral, situated in another 
State belonging to the European Economic Area; 
"commercial property loans" are loans secured by (i) mortgageable property for commercial or office 
purposes referred to in Chapter 16, Section 1 or Chapter 19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code (Maakaari 
540/1995), as amended; or (ii) shares of a housing company or a real estate company entitling the holder to 
occupancy of the commercial or office premises; or (iii) collateral comparable to the aforementioned 
collateral, situated in another State belonging to the European Economic Area; 
"public-sector loans" are loans which have been granted to the Republic of Finland, a Finnish municipality 
or other public-sector entity which may, when calculating prudential requirements set out in Regulation 
(EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) 648/2012 be considered equivalent to the 
Finnish State or Finnish municipality or a credit which is fully collateralised by a guarantee granted by a 
public-sector entity or a claim on such entity; and 
"supplementary collateral" is collateral which may include: (i) bonds and other debt obligations issued 
by a central government, a municipality or another public-sector entity or a credit institution (other than 
one belonging to the same consolidated group as the issuer); (ii) guarantees granted by a public-sector entity 
or a credit institution referred to in (i) above; (iii) credit insurance given by an insurance company other 
than one belonging to the same "group", as defined in the Finnish Act on Supervision of Finance and 
Insurance Groups (Laki rahoitus- ja vakuutusryhmittymien valvonnasta 699/2004), as amended, as the 
issuer; or (iv) assets of the issuer deposited in the Bank of Finland or a deposit bank; if the issuer is a deposit 
bank, the deposit may not be in a deposit bank belonging to the same consolidated group as the issuer. 
Supplementary collateral may only be used as collateral for covered bonds on a temporary basis and in the 
circumstances set out in the CBA (see "Supplementary collateral" below). 
At least 90 per cent. of the total amount of collateral shall be housing loans or public-sector loans or 
supplementary collateral unless otherwise provided for in the terms and conditions of a covered bond.

--- Page 121 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 111- 
70-41013180 
 
Derivative transactions concluded for hedging against risks related to covered bonds and their underlying 
collateral must be registered in the register and therefore constitute part of the cover pool assets. 
Quality of the cover pool assets 
Mortgage lending limit and valuation 
Mortgage loans entered in the register as collateral for a covered bond may not exceed the current value of 
the shares or real estate standing as collateral. The current value shall be calculated using good real estate 
evaluation practice applicable to credit institutions in accordance with provisions on the management of 
capital adequacy and credit risk of credit institutions issued by the FIN-FSA. The issuer shall regularly 
monitor the value of the shares or real estate entered as collateral for the covered bonds and revise the value 
of the collateral in accordance with provisions on the management of capital adequacy of credit institutions 
issued by the FIN-FSA. 
Requirements for matching cover 
The CBA seeks to protect holders of covered bonds' position by requiring that the outstanding principal 
amount and net present value of the covered bonds must be covered at all times by matching cover pool 
assets. This is achieved by Section 16 of the CBA, which provides that (a) the total value of cover pool 
assets must always exceed the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the covered bonds and (b) the net 
present value of cover pool assets must always be at least 2 per cent. above the net present value of the 
liabilities under the covered bonds. According to the preparatory works of the CBA (HE 42/2010), the net 
present value means, in respect of (a) covered bonds and (b) mortgage loans, public-sector loans and 
supplementary collateral, the total value of the future discounted cash flows applying the market rate of 
interest prevailing from time to time. 
Requirements relating to liquidity 
Under Section 17 of the CBA, the issuer shall ensure that the average maturity date of the covered bonds 
does not exceed the average maturity date of the loans entered in the register. Further, the issuer shall further 
ensure that the total amount of interest accrued from the cover pool assets, during any 12-month period, is 
sufficient to cover the total amount payable to the holders of covered bonds as interest and to the 
counterparties of derivative transactions as payments under such derivative transactions. Before the 
commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings against the issuer or a debtor of an intermediary 
loan, a mortgage credit bank may, in respect of collateral granted by a debtor of an intermediary loan, treat 
the interest payments on the intermediary loans as being the interest accrued from such collateral. 
Determination of requirements under Sections 16 and 17 of the CBA 
To determine the value of the cover pool assets in order to provide the matching cover required by Sections 
16 and 17 of the CBA, the issuer shall only take into account: 
(1) 
an amount not exceeding 70 per cent. of the current value of the shares or real estate placed as 
collateral for any housing loan; 
(2) 
an amount not exceeding 60 per cent. of the current value of the shares or real estate placed as 
collateral for any commercial property loan; and 
(3) 
the book value of any public-sector loans and supplementary collateral. 
Loans that have been entered in the register which must be booked as non-performing loans at the time of 
review of such loans in accordance with the regulations issued by the FIN-FSA, shall no longer be included 
as cover pool assets in calculating the matching cover. 
Derivative transactions concluded in order to hedge the covered bonds and any assets provided as collateral 
for the derivative transactions shall be taken into account for the purposes of Sections 16 and 17 of the 
CBA.

--- Page 122 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 112- 
70-41013180 
 
Supplementary collateral 
Up to 20 per cent. of the aggregate amount of all assets constituting the statutory security for the covered 
bonds conferred by the CBA may temporarily consist of supplementary collateral, provided that 
receivables from credit institutions shall not exceed 15 per cent. (or such larger amount as may be approved 
by the FIN-FSA on the application of the issuer for a specific reason and for a specified period of time) of 
the total amount of collateral. Supplementary collateral may temporarily be used in situations where: (i) 
mortgage loans or public-sector loans have not yet been granted or registered as collateral for the covered 
bonds; or (ii) the total amount of collateral does not fulfil the provisions provided for in Sections 16 and 17 
of the CBA. 
Intermediary loans 
The CBA allows deposit banks and credit societies to participate indirectly in the issue of covered bonds 
by means of intermediary loans granted by a mortgage credit bank to such institutions. The intermediary 
loan shall be entered in the register but shall not be calculated into the cover pool assets of the covered 
bonds. In addition, the debtor of the intermediary loan shall provide collateral in the form of mortgage loans 
and public-sector loans to be registered in the register as security for the covered bonds of the mortgage 
credit bank. The total priority value of such loans in the cover pool shall always exceed the principal amount 
of the intermediary loan. Upon the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer the estate of the Issuer will be 
entitled to collect any proceeds from such loans and enter such proceeds in the register as security for the 
covered bonds. Moreover, the Issuer's estate may demand a transfer of title of the loans to the estate or a 
named third party. 
Derivatives 
The issuer may enter into derivative transactions to hedge against the risks relating to covered bonds or 
their underlying collateral. Details of any such derivative transactions must be entered in the register and 
registered derivatives will hence form part of the cover pool. 
Set-off 
A creditor of the issuer may not set-off its claim against mortgage loans or a public-sector loan entered in 
the register if it is within the scope of the priority of payment of the holders of covered bonds as provided 
for in Section 24 of the CBA nor against an intermediary loan. This restriction on set-off would apply 
(among other) to deposits in bank accounts. 
Prohibition on transfers, pledges, execution and precautionary measures 
The issuer or the debtor under an intermediary loan may not, without the permission of the FIN-FSA, assign 
or pledge mortgage loans or public-sector loans which are included in the cover pool assets. A mortgage 
credit bank may not assign or pledge any intermediary loan without the permission of the FIN-FSA. An 
assignment or pledge violating such prohibition shall be void. 
Mortgage loans, a public-sector loan or any supplementary collateral entered in the register as collateral for 
a covered bond or an intermediary loan may not be taken in execution for a debt of an issuer, a deposit bank 
or a credit entity, nor may precautionary measures be directed at it. 
Preferential right in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy 
Under Finnish law, "selvitystila" (or liquidation in English) means either a voluntary winding up of a 
company or a winding up pursuant to specific provisions of Finnish law and "konkurssi" (or bankruptcy in 
English) means the mandatory winding up of a company in the event of its insolvency. 
Under Section 25 of the CBA, notwithstanding the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer, a covered bond 
shall be paid until its maturity in accordance with the terms and conditions of the covered bond from the 
funds accruing on the cover pool assets of the covered bond before other claims. The funds accruing from 
collateral for covered bonds after the commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings against the 
issuer shall be entered in the register as collateral for such covered bonds. In bankruptcy proceedings, the 
bankruptcy administrator must ensure due maintenance of the register.

--- Page 123 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 113- 
70-41013180 
 
Collateral entered in the register in accordance with the CBA may not be recovered pursuant to Section 14 
of the Finnish Act on Recovery of Assets to a Bankruptcy Estate (Laki takaisinsaannista konkurssipesään 
758/1991), as amended. 
In respect of mortgage loans included in the cover pool for a covered bond, the priority of payment right in 
accordance with Section 25 of the CBA is limited to a maximum amount which corresponds to 70 per cent. 
in respect of housing loans and to 60 per cent. in respect of commercial property loans of the current value 
of shares or real estate which stand as collateral for the loan as entered in the register at the time of 
commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings against the issuer. Under the CBA, funds accruing 
from the cover pool after the commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy shall be entered in the register 
and constitute part of the cover pool. The bankruptcy administrator shall, nonetheless, assign the share of 
payments out of any mortgage loans exceeding the preferential right to the general bankruptcy estate, except 
in the case of non-performing mortgage loans which would primarily be within the scope of the preferential 
right. According to the preparatory works of the CBA, payments deriving from mortgage loans to be booked 
as non-performing and proceeds from disposal of loans or enforcement of collateral shall, nonetheless, be 
firstly used for payment of covered bonds up to their preferential portion. 
What is set out above in respect of Section 25 of the CBA applies mutatis mutandis to the counterparties of 
the derivative transactions entered in the register and to the providers of bankruptcy liquidity loans. These 
parties have an equal right with the holders of the covered bonds to payment from the funds, entered in the 
register as collateral for the covered bonds, and from the payments relating to them, and accordingly, such 
derivative transactions and bankruptcy liquidity loans rank pari passu with the covered bonds with respect 
to such cover pool assets. 
The bankruptcy administrator may, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor appointed by the 
FIN-FSA (see "Management of cover pool assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer"), 
transfer collateral entered in the register to the issuer's general bankruptcy estate, if the value and the net 
present value of the cover pool, as provided for in Section 16 of the CBA, considerably exceed the total 
amount of the covered bonds and it is apparent that the collateral to be transferred shall not be necessary to 
fulfil the obligations in respect of the covered bonds, derivative transactions and bankruptcy liquidity loans. 
Management of cover pool assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer 
When the issuer has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, the FIN-FSA shall, without delay, 
appoint a supervisor in accordance with Section 29 of the Finnish Act on the Financial Supervisory 
Authority (Laki Finanssivalvonnasta 878/2008), as amended to protect the interests of creditors of covered 
bonds and creditor entities comparable to such and to enforce their right to be heard (a "supervisor"). The 
supervisor shall, in particular, supervise the management of the collateral for the covered bonds and their 
conversion into cash as well as the contractual payments to be made to the holders of the covered bonds. 
The person to be appointed as supervisor shall have sufficient knowledge of financing and legal issues with 
regard to the nature and scope of the duties. 
In bankruptcy proceedings the courts will by operation of law appoint a bankruptcy administrator to 
administer the bankruptcy estate. The cover pool will be run by the bankruptcy administrator, but the 
supervisor will supervise the bankruptcy administrator, acting in the interest of the holders of the covered 
bonds. Under Section 26 of the CBA, a bankruptcy administrator shall, upon the demand or with the consent 
of the supervisor, conclude derivative transactions necessary for hedging against risks relating to covered 
bonds and the relevant collateral as well as, where necessary, sell a sufficient amount of collateral for the 
covered bond in order to fulfil the obligations relating to the covered bond. In addition, a bankruptcy 
administrator shall, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, have a right to conclude 
contractual arrangements to secure liquidity or take out bankruptcy liquidity loans. 
Funds which accrue on the collateral for covered bonds after the commencement of liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the issuer and the bank accounts related to the collateral and its income shall be entered in 
the register. Correspondingly, a bankruptcy liquidity loan taken under Section 26 of the CBA and each bank 
account into which any such funds are deposited shall be entered in the register. 
The bankruptcy administrator may, with the permission of the FIN-FSA, transfer the liability for a covered 
bond and the corresponding collateral to another mortgage credit bank, deposit bank or credit entity that 
has acquired a licence to issue covered bonds or to a foreign mortgage credit bank which is subject to 
supervision corresponding to that of the CBA, unless the terms of the covered bond provide otherwise.

--- Page 124 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 114- 
70-41013180 
 
A bankruptcy administrator has the right to terminate or transfer a derivative transaction to a third party on 
the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, provided that the collateral is transferred or converted 
into cash, or a right to transfer collateral to the counterparty in the derivative transaction when the interests 
of the holder of the covered bonds demands such and it is reasonable from the perspective of risk 
management. 
If the requirements for the cover pool of the covered bonds, as provided for in Sections 16 and 17 of the 
CBA, cannot be fulfilled, the bankruptcy administrator must, upon the request or approval of the supervisor, 
accelerate the covered bonds and sell the cover pool assets in order to pay the covered bonds. 
Management of cover pool assets upon the liquidation or bankruptcy of the debtor of an intermediary 
loan 
When the debtor of an intermediary loan has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, the FIN-
FSA shall without delay appoint a supervisor to protect the interests of the holders of covered bonds issued 
by the issuer, standing as the creditor of the intermediary loan and will have a right to enforce the holders' 
right to be heard. The supervisor must, in particular, supervise the management of the collateral for covered 
bonds and its conversion into cash as well as oversee the contractual payments to be made to the holders of 
covered bonds and other parties comparable to such holders. Notwithstanding the liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the debtor of the intermediary loan, the issuer's obligations under the covered bond must be paid for the 
full term of the covered bond, in accordance with its contractual terms, from the collateral entered in the 
register before other claims can be met, following, where applicable, what is provided for in Section 25 of 
the CBA in respect of payment priority. 
When the debtor of the intermediary loan is in liquidation or bankruptcy, the bankruptcy administrator shall 
upon the supervisor's demand or with his consent: 
(1) 
sell to the issuer the mortgage loans or public-sector loans, included in the collateral of its covered 
bond, in such a manner that the substitute claim is set-off partially or wholly against the claim 
under the intermediary loan of the issuer; or 
(2) 
if necessary, sell to a third party a sufficient amount of collateral for a covered bond, to comply 
with its obligations under the covered bond. 
Harmonisation of the EU covered bond framework 
The EU covered bond framework consisting of Directive (EU) 2019/2162 on the issue of covered bonds 
and covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (the "Covered 
Bond Directive") and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards 
exposures in the form of covered bonds (the "CRR Amendment Regulation") came into effect on 7 
January 2020. The implementation of the Covered Bond Directive in the national legislation is required to 
be completed by the EU Member States by 8 July 2021, and such legislation is required to be applied on 8 
July 2022 at the latest. The CRR Amendment Regulation shall be applied as of 8 July 2022. 
The Covered Bond Directive establishes a common definition of a covered bond for the purposes of 
constructing a coherent and sufficiently detailed starting point for prudential regulation, replacing the 
current definition of a covered bond in Article 52(4) of the Directive 2009/65/EC of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 13 July 2009 on the coordination of laws, regulations and administrative 
provisions relating to undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities (the "UCITS 
Directive"). The Covered Bond Directive further defines the structural elements of covered bonds and 
contains provisions on public supervision of covered bonds. Additionally, the Covered Bond Directive sets 
out certain conditions on extendable maturity structures of covered bonds and introduces a new requirement 
for a cover pool liquidity buffer consisting of liquid assets available to cover the maximum cumulative net 
liquidity outflow of the covered bond programme over the course of 180 days. Subject to certain conditions, 
the Covered Bond Directive further allows the grandfathering of covered bonds which comply with Article 
52(4) of the UCITS Directive and which have been issued before 8 July 2022. 
The CRR Amendment Regulation, in turn, inter alia, amends Article 129 of CRR and certain provisions 
related thereof, resulting in tightening the criteria applied to covered bonds benefitting from a preferential 
capital treatment under the CRR regime and establishing a new requirement of a minimum

--- Page 125 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 115- 
70-41013180 
 
overcollateralisation of the cover pool being 2 per cent. or 5 per cent. depending on the assets included in 
the cover pool. The CRR Amendment Regulation will be applicable as of 8 July 2022. 
The national implementation process of the Covered Bond Directive and the CRR Amendment Regulation 
has commenced in January 2020, and a government proposal concerning the national implementation is 
expected to be published in June 2021. However, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, no further 
information as to the implementation measures to be taken in respect of the Covered Bond Directive and 
the CRR Amendment Regulation has been published. As a result, there is no certainty as to the definitive 
contents, scope, or effective date of the national legislation implementing the Covered Bond Directive or 
to the effect of the implementation measures on the current national legislation, to which the Issuer and the 
Covered Bonds are subject to as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The bank recovery and resolution regime 
The Issuer is subject to the EU bank recovery and resolution regime which aims to enhance financial 
stability through the establishment of a framework for tools and procedures for setting distressed financial 
institutions into a resolution procedure with the aim to prevent bail-outs of failing financial institutions with 
taxpayer money. BRRD, which was implemented nationally through the Resolution Act, and the Act on 
Financial Stability Authority (Laki rahoitusvakausviranomaisesta 1195/2014), as amended, is applicable 
in respect of the Issuer and its operations. The acts entered into force on 1 January 2015 and became fully 
applicable on 1 January 2016. The BRRD has been subsequently amended by the Directive (EU) 2019/879 
as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, and 
was implemented in national legislation on 1 April 2021. The laws implementing the BRRD include, inter 
alia, a requirement for banks, such as Nordea Group, to contribute to resolution funds, the purpose of which 
are to finance the resolution of failing banks without having to resort to taxpayer money. 
Furthermore, the powers granted to the Financial Stability Authority set forth in the Resolution Act include 
a bail-in tool, under which the Financial Stability Authority has a right to cancel all or a portion of the 
principal amount of, or interest on, certain unsecured liabilities of a failing financial institution and/or to 
convert certain debt into another security, including equity instruments. Secured debt is in general intended 
to be exempted from the scope of the bail-in tool; however, under the current national regime, there is 
uncertainty as to what extent the bail-in tool could be applied in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Consequently, there is a risk that claims subject to the bail-in tool include claims under the Covered Bonds 
as well if and to the extent the amounts payable under the Covered Bonds exceed the value of the collateral 
assets registered in the cover pool which secures the payment of such amounts. Subject to this limitation, 
the Covered Bonds may be subject to the bail-in tool, which may result in the holders of the Covered Bonds 
losing some or all of their investments. Additionally, the Resolution Act provides for certain other 
resolution tools for the national resolution authority applicable to distressed financial institutions, including 
the sale of business tool, the bridge institution tool, and the asset separation tool. In addition, if the 
conditions for placing a financial institution under resolution set out in the Resolution Act would otherwise 
be met but the resolution is not considered necessary from the point of view of the public interest, the 
national resolution authority must place the institution into liquidation or file such institution for 
bankruptcy. 
Furthermore, the SRMR, entered fully into force on 1 January 2016. The SRMR has subsequently been 
amended by the Regulation (EU) 2019/877 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms, which has been applied as of 28 December 2020. The Single 
Resolution Mechanism establishes the SRB which holds resolution powers over entities to which the SRMR 
is directly applicable, including the Issuer as part of Nordea Group, as of 1 October 2018 following the Re-
domiciliation. The resolution powers of the SRB pursuant to the SRMR include tools similar to those of 
the national resolution authority under the national law implementing the BRRD, including the sale of 
business tool, the bridge institution tool, the asset separation tool, the bail-in tool and the mandatory write-
down and conversion power in respect of capital instruments and eligible liabilities. 
Both the Resolution Act and the SRMR contain a 'no creditor worse-off' principle, according to which the 
creditors which, due to placing a financial institution into resolution, incur greater losses than they would 
have incurred in case such financial institution had been liquidated under ordinary insolvency proceedings, 
shall be compensated.

--- Page 126 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 116- 
70-41013180 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Series of Covered Bonds, as the case may be, will be used for the 
general banking and other corporate purposes of the Issuer. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is 
another or a particular identified use of proceeds this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement.

--- Page 127 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 117- 
70-41013180 
 
NORDEA MORTGAGE BANK PLC 
Operational overview 
Nordea Mortgage Bank was incorporated to assume the Finnish mortgage credit business operations of 
Nordea Bank Finland Plc following the Demerger prior to the implementation of the cross border merger 
of Nordea Bank Finland Plc with Nordea Bank Abp. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank operates solely as a mortgage credit bank. The objective of Nordea Mortgage Bank 
is to acquire residential mortgage loans and loans secured on holiday houses and these activities are 
primarily financed through the principal repayments and interest payments on such loans and the issuance 
of covered bonds. Nordea Mortgage Bank is responsible for maintaining the Covered Bond register as 
required by the CBA. 
Legal structure and subsidiaries 
Nordea Mortgage Bank is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nordea Bank Abp. Nordea Mortgage Bank was 
incorporated on 1 October 2016 in accordance with Finnish law. Nordea Mortgage Bank has its registered 
office in Helsinki, Finland and is a company with limited liability pursuant to the Finnish Companies Act 
(Osakeyhtiölaki 624/2006), as amended. Nordea Mortgage Bank is registered in the trade register with 
business identity code 2743219-6 and has its registered office at the following address: Satamaradankatu 
5, 00020 Nordea, Helsinki. Nordea Mortgage Bank is authorised as a credit institution under the Finnish 
Act on Credit Institutions (Laki luottolaitostoiminnasta 610/2014), as amended and holds a mortgage credit 
bank licence under the CBA enabling it to assume the liabilities in respect of Covered Bonds previously 
issued by Nordea Bank Finland Plc and to issue further covered bonds under and in accordance with the 
CBA. Nordea Mortgage Bank is not a deposit bank and does not engage in any activities other than 
mortgage credit business operations. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank has no subsidiaries of its own, nor does it have any shares in other Nordea Group 
companies. Nordea Mortgage Bank conducts its activities in close cooperation with Nordea Bank Abp and 
its sales offices and branches in Finland. Among other things, Nordea Bank Abp originates the mortgage 
loans and thus handles the credit processes and is solely responsible for decisions regarding the mortgage 
loans contained in the Cover Pool until they are transferred to Nordea Mortgage Bank and once transferred, 
manages the mortgage loans and performs certain accounting and reporting tasks for Nordea Mortgage 
Bank. Nordea Bank Abp also handles Nordea Mortgage Bank's funding and risk control. 
Share and shareholder information 
Nordea Mortgage Bank's share capital as at 31 December 2020 was EUR 250,000,000, made up of 
257,700,000 ordinary shares, having no nominal value. The entire issued share capital is owned by Nordea 
Bank Abp. 
Board of Directors 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Nordea Mortgage Bank's Board of Directors consists of the following 
members: 
Name 
Year of birth/ 
Member 
since 
Position 
External Positions 
Jani Eloranta  
1974/2020 
Chairman 
Head of Personal Banking Finland, Nordea, 
Chairman of the Board of Nordea Pension 
Fund, Chairman of the Board of Nordea 
Insurance Country Committee, Member of 
the Board of Nordea Life Assurance Finland 
Ltd, Deputy Member of the Board of 
Automatia Pankkiautomaatit Oy, Chairman 
of the Delegation of Sijoittajien Korvaus-
rahasto

--- Page 128 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 118- 
70-41013180 
 
Name 
Year of birth/ 
Member 
since 
Position 
External Positions 
Marte Kopperstad 
1979/2019 
Deputy Chairman 
Head 
of 
Products 
and 
Business 
Development, Nordea, Member of the Board 
of Nordea Hypotek AB, Member of the 
Board of Gjensidige Bank ASA, Member of 
the Board of Nordea Eiendomskreditt AS, 
Member of the Board of BITS AS 
Kaj Blomster 
1980/2019 
Member 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors 
Chief Risk Officer and Head of Investment 
Operations, 
Varma 
Mutual 
Pension 
Insurance Company 
Hanna-Maria 
Heikkinen 
1979/2016 
Member 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors 
Vice President, Investor Relations, Cargotec; 
Member of the Board of Solwers Oyj 
Ola Littorin 
1962/2016 
Member 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors 
Head of Long Term Funding, Nordea, 
Member of the Board of Nordea Eiendoms-
kreditt A/S 
Timo Nyman 
1963/2019 
Member 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors 
Head of Construction and Real Estate 
Finance, Nordea 
 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer has three Board committees: the Audit Committee,  the Risk 
Committee and the Nomination Committee. 
 The term of office of the members of the Board of Directors is limited to six consecutive years. 
The address of the members of the Board of Directors is c/o Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc, Satamaradankatu 
5, 00020 Nordea, Helsinki. 
To the best knowledge of Nordea Mortgage Bank, no potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties 
to Nordea Mortgage Bank of a member of the Board of Directors and the private interests or other duties 
of such persons. 
Management 
Jussi Pajala is the managing director of Nordea Mortgage Bank and Tarja Ikonen is the deputy managing 
director and COO. 
Conflicts of interest 
In order to avoid conflicts of interest and clarify how individuals are expected to act if conflicts of interest 
arise, Nordea Mortgage Bank has adopted a number of guidelines set out by the Nordea Group, including 
ethical guidelines, guidelines for employees' secondary jobs and guidelines for employees' private security 
and foreign currency transactions. 
Auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy, Authorised Public Accountants, of Itämerentori 2, FI-00180 Helsinki, Finland 
("PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy") is the independent auditor for Nordea Mortgage Bank, with Jukka 
Paunonen, a member of the Finnish Association of Authorised Public Accountants, as the auditor in charge 
as at 31 December 2020. 
Articles of Association 
The objects of Nordea Mortgage Bank can be found in its Articles of Association. The objects of Nordea 
Mortgage Bank are to engage in mortgage credit bank operations.

--- Page 129 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 119- 
70-41013180 
 
Corporate governance 
All the operations of Nordea Mortgage Bank are integrated into the operations of Nordea Group. The 
Nordea Group has established a corporate governance framework at group level and the framework is 
reviewed on a continuous basis, and is adopted mutatis mutandis by Nordea Mortgage Bank. 
Covered Bond issuances 
The Covered Bonds issued by Nordea Mortgage Bank are unsubordinated obligations of Nordea Mortgage 
Bank and rank pari passu among themselves, with Nordea Mortgage Bank's relevant derivative contracts 
and with all other obligations of Nordea Mortgage Bank that have been provided the same priority as debt 
instruments issued pursuant to the CBA. 
All Covered Bonds issued by Nordea Mortgage Bank (which rank pari passu with the Nordea Mortgage 
Bank's relevant derivative contracts) have, and will have, the benefit of a statutory preference under the 
CBA on the Cover Pool assumed and maintained by Nordea Mortgage Bank. Nordea Mortgage Bank 
maintains only one Cover Pool in respect of the Covered Bonds it has assumed from Nordea Bank Finland 
through the Demerger or that it may issue under the Covered Bond Programme, and any relevant derivative 
contracts, and the Covered Bondholders share the benefit of the Cover Pool with all other covered 
bondholders, relevant derivative counterparties and providers of any bankruptcy liquidity loans. 
Composition of assets in the Cover Pool 
The CBA sets out the requirements for the assets that may form part of a cover pool. Nordea Mortgage 
Bank's Cover Pool consists primarily of housing loans, which are currently loans secured on (i) 
mortgageable property primarily for residential purposes or (ii) shares in housing companies or shares 
comparable thereto, participations and rights of occupancy. All properties that constitute security for the 
mortgages in the Cover Pool are located throughout Finland, with concentration in urban areas. As at 31 
December 2020, 47 per cent. of the properties were in the Greater Helsinki area. As at 31 December 2020, 
the vast majority of these were single family homes (42 per cent.) and tenant owner units (51 per cent.), 
with the balance being multi-family housing (4 per cent.) and summer cottages (3 per cent). As at 31 
December 2020, the notional value of the Cover Pool was EUR 22.9 billion. As at 31 December 2020, the 
weighted average Loan to Value of the properties in the Cover Pool was 50.7 per cent. (indexed and 
calculated per property) and the average loan size was EUR 70,069. The loans in the Cover Pool are 
originated by Nordea Bank Abp and are predominantly floating rate (98.7 per cent.), with the remainder 
being fixed rate loans (as at 31 December 2020). There are no substitute assets in the Cover Pool (as at 31 
December 2020) and the Cover Pool is dynamic. 
The amount of derivative contracts in the Cover Pool fluctuates with market conditions and hedging needs. 
Material contracts relating to the management of the mortgage loans in the Cover Pool 
Nordea Bank Abp and Nordea Mortgage Bank have entered into a loan transfer agreement (the "Transfer 
Agreement") pursuant to which Nordea Bank Abp will sell and assign to Nordea Mortgage Bank, and 
Nordea Mortgage Bank will purchase and acquire, mortgage loans with the relevant loan security for 
inclusion in the Cover Pool. Nordea Bank Abp and Nordea Mortgage Bank have entered into a number of 
service agreements (the "Service Agreements") pursuant to which Nordea Bank Abp has agreed to manage 
the loans transferred in the Demerger or sold by it to Nordea Mortgage Bank under the Transfer Agreement, 
and in connection therewith act as servicer to keep any documents and instruments relating to any mortgage 
loans and attaching loan security in custody and to receive and collect payments on behalf of Nordea 
Mortgage Bank. The Transfer Agreement and Service Agreements became effective at the implementation 
of the Demerger and were transferred to Nordea Bank Abp upon the cross-border merger being 
implemented. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank may enter into other agreements with Nordea Bank Abp as required for the 
operation of Nordea Mortgage Bank's business and in relation to Nordea Group operations. 
Treasury services and risk control 
Nordea Mortgage Bank has entered into Service Agreements with Nordea Bank Abp regarding treasury 
services. Pursuant to these Service Agreements, Nordea Bank Abp on behalf of Nordea Mortgage Bank, 
among other things, arranges financing for the mortgage loans, manages the daily liquidity, enters into

--- Page 130 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 120- 
70-41013180 
 
derivative transactions to hedge financial risk and arranges for the composition and size of the Cover Pool 
to comply with regulatory and internal requirements. In addition, Nordea Mortgage Bank and Nordea Bank 
Abp have entered into a Service Agreement, according to which Nordea Bank Abp handles Nordea 
Mortgage Bank's risk control, including daily calculation and reporting of market and credit risk as well as 
Nordea Mortgage Bank's business continuity planning and financial control. 
Other services 
Nordea Mortgage Bank has, in addition, entered into Service Agreements with Nordea Bank Abp regarding 
handling of certain group-wide functions such as internal audit, compliance, IT and financial reporting. 
Derivative contracts 
Nordea Mortgage Bank will enter into derivative arrangements with Nordea Bank Abp and potentially other 
parties (as authorised by the CBA) as may be required for the purpose of controlling interest rate risks, 
liquidity risks and currency risks in relation to Nordea Mortgage Bank's funding and lending operations. 
Funding of Nordea Mortgage Bank's business 
The interest payable and principal repayable by borrowers on the Cover Pool assets is Nordea Mortgage 
Bank's primary source of funds for the service of its payment obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Pursuant to the CBA, Nordea Mortgage Bank must ensure that the total amount of interest accrued from 
Cover Pool assets during any 12 month period is sufficient to cover the total amount payable to Covered 
Bondholders as interest and to the counterparties of derivative transactions as payments under such derivate 
transactions. In addition, Nordea Mortgage Bank receives funding through a dedicated liquidity line 
provided by Nordea Bank Abp to manage daily liquidity and ensure compliance with external and internal 
requirements regarding liquidity management for the account of Nordea Mortgage Bank. 
The loan portfolio 
Nordea Mortgage Bank operates mainly in the Finnish mortgage lending market and holds mortgage loans 
originated and transferred to it by Nordea Bank Abp. Nordea Mortgage Bank may also issue further covered 
bonds under and in accordance with the CBA. The purpose of such lending is primarily to finance single 
family homes and for terraced houses or flats (which are commonly owned by housing companies) and 
summer cottages. Although the central emphasis is on housing financing, financing for business and 
commercial property is also provided. The collateral granted to Nordea Mortgage Bank in relation to its 
lending consists mainly of mortgages on residential property and pledges over housing company shares. 
The average repayment period of a mortgage loan is approximately 20 years in Finland. A majority of 
Nordea Mortgage Bank's customers in Finland choose interest rates for interest periods of up to 12 months 
where the interest base is EURIBOR. Nordea Bank Abp's share of the Finnish mortgage market amounted 
to approximately 29 per cent. as at 31 December 2020.

--- Page 131 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 121- 
70-41013180 
 
THE FINNISH HOUSING MORTGAGE MARKET 
The information provided below has been derived from publicly available information on the Finnish 
housing mortgage market. 
Introduction 
Commercial lenders are the principal originators of residential mortgage loans in Finland. Residential 
mortgage lending tends to be primarily secured on residential properties, although lending to municipality-
owned housing companies may also be backed by municipal guarantees. 
Lending for single family houses typically takes the form of one or more mortgage loans with an aggregated 
Loan-to-Value Ratio of up to 70 per cent. 
The Finnish Act on Credit Institutions (Laki luottolaitostoiminnasta 610/2014), as amended, sets a cap on 
residential housing loans which entered into force on 1 July 2016. A credit institution may grant a residential 
housing loan referred to in Chapter 7a, section 3, paragraph 1 of the Finnish Consumer Protection Act 
(Kuluttajansuojalaki 38/1978), as amended, subject to a Loan-to-Value Ratio cap of 90 per cent. calculated 
between the loan amount and the current value of the security for the loan at the time of granting of the 
loan. If a first home is involved, a housing loan granted may be no more than 95 per cent. of the current 
value of the security provided for the loan. When buying a home, the current value of the security usually 
refers to the purchase price. 
Finnish mortgage loans may have a fixed or variable rate of interest, although loans with variable rates of 
interest are the most commonly originated at the date of this Base Prospectus. Interest rates for fixed loans 
are typically set for a period of 3 or 5, or occasionally 10 or 15 years. For variable rate loans, the interest is 
determined as a variable margin over 6-month or 12-month EURIBOR interest rates or over prime rates set 
by the banks. The Finnish Consumer Protection Act (Kuluttajansuojalaki 38/1978), as amended (see 
"Regulatory Framework" below), does not impose limitations on the margin or nominal rate of interest that 
may be set on a consumer loan backed by real security (esinevakuus). While there are no specific rules 
limiting rates of interest (other than in respect of default interest) of consumer loans backed by real security 
(such as mortgages), the general principles of equity under Finnish law also apply. 
Material Legal Aspects of the Mortgage Loans 
Form of the Mortgage Certificates 
A mortgage loan may be secured by a pledge of one or more mortgage certificates (kiinteistöpanttikirja) 
(such mortgage certificates that have been pledged as security for a loan) (the "Mortgage Certificates"), 
evidencing a mortgage over a property (or a portion thereof) owned by a borrower or security provider as 
provided for in Chapter 15, sections 1 and 2 of the Finnish Land Code (Maakaari 540/1995), as amended. 
Mortgage Certificates are either physical documents or electronic records in the register of title and 
mortgages (lainhuuto- ja kiinnitysrekisteri). Since 1 June 2017, however, Mortgage Certificates for new 
mortgages have been issued only in electronic form. In addition, when making changes to existing 
mortgages, the National Land Survey of Finland will automatically convert written Mortgage Certificates 
into electronic form in connection with processing of the proposed change. Physical Mortgage Certificates 
issued before 1 June 2017 may, however, remain in use. Any mortgage security interest established by 
means of physical Mortgage Certificates before 1 January 2020 will remain effective until its expiry by 
conventional means, for instance by payment of debt. However, physical Mortgage Certificates can no 
longer be used to establish new security interests after 1 January 2020. 
The security interest over real estate is created by executing a pledge agreement, and the effectiveness 
against third parties is gained (i.e. the security interest is perfected) by registering the pledgee as registered 
recipient of the electronic mortgage certificate (sähköisen panttikirjan saaja). In the event that mortgages 
have not been registered on the pledged property or the principal amount of registered mortgages is 
insufficient to cover the amount of the relevant secured obligation, an application for the registration of 
(additional) mortgages is submitted to the National Land Survey of Finland (Maanmittauslaitos) by the 
owner of the pledged property (or the pledgee, authorised by the owner). The National Land Survey of 
Finland registers the mortgage in the register of title and mortgages and issues an electronic mortgage 
certificate which is then registered with the pledgee as the registered recipient. The Finnish Land Code

--- Page 132 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 122- 
70-41013180 
 
further recognises the creation of security interests by notification to a third party holder of a mortgage 
certificate, whether the certificate is in written or in electronic form. 
Form of the Pledge over Housing Company Shares 
A mortgage loan may also be secured by a pledge over shares in a housing company, i.e., a limited liability 
company incorporated in Finland and shares of which entitle the shareholder to possess a separate dwelling 
unit as referred to in Chapter 1, Section 2 (Asunto-osakeyhtiö) and in Chapter 28, Section 2 (Keskinäinen 
kiinteistöosakeyhtiö) of the Finnish Act on Housing Companies (Asunto-osakeyhtiölaki 1599/2009), as 
amended (such housing companies together as "housing companies" and shares in a housing company 
together as "housing company shares"). The regulatory framework for housing company shares was 
partially renewed and amended following implementation of the Finnish Act on Housing Data System (Laki 
huoneistotietojärjestelmästä 1328/2018), as amended and related legislation on 1 January 2019. 
Accordingly, the shares in a housing company incorporated on or after 1 January 2019 will be issued 
exclusively in electronic form within the housing data system referred to in the Finnish Act on Housing 
Data System, which is maintained by the National Land Survey of Finland, automatically in connection 
with their incorporation. The new regime is also applicable to the shares in such existing housing companies 
that have resolved to have their shares to be incorporated in the system. In connection with incorporation 
of the shares in existing housing companies in the housing data system, the share certificates evidencing 
the existing housing company shares will be nullified. Moreover, existing housing companies referred to in 
Chapter 1, Section 2 of the Finnish Act on Housing Companies are subject to a transition period during of 
which all the shares in such housing companies will be incorporated in the housing data system. 
In respect of the housing company shares not incorporated in the housing data system, a pledge over housing 
company shares is established by executing a pledge agreement, delivering the share certificate evidencing 
such shares to the pledgee (or a third party sufficiently remote from the pledgor and acting on behalf of the 
pledgee) and the retention of such share certificate by the pledgee or the third party throughout the security 
period. Similar to the establishment of a security interest of mortgage certificates, a pledge over a housing 
share certificate may be perfected by way of notice to a third party holder. 
In respect of the housing company shares incorporated in the housing data system, a pledge is created by 
executing a pledge agreement and perfected through registration with the housing data system. The National 
Land Survey of Finland registers the pledge with the housing data system and the entry in the system will 
indicate details of the pledgees and their respective hierarchy ranking. 
Enforcement Procedures 
Introduction and general principles of Finnish law in respect of enforcement 
Enforcement of obligations, including receivables such as the mortgage loans, under Finnish law typically 
requires that the creditor first obtains a judgment or arbitral award ordering the particular obligations to be 
satisfied (for example, for a debt to be paid) after which the actual enforcement is carried out by a district 
bailiff in a procedure regulated by Finnish law. 
The principles of equity and statutory limitation may restrict the creditor from obtaining a judgment or 
arbitral award. Pursuant to the Finnish Contracts Act (Laki varallisuusoikeudellisista oikeustoimista 
228/1929), as amended and the Consumer Protection Act, if a contract term is unfair or its application 
would lead to an unfair outcome, the term may be adjusted or set aside. Consequently, enforcement of 
obligations may be limited by general principles of equity; in particular, equitable remedies (such as an 
order for specific performance or an injunction) are discretionary remedies and may not be available under 
the laws of Finland where damages are considered to be an adequate remedy. For a more detailed 
description of the provisions of the Consumer Protection Act, see the section "Regulatory Framework" 
below. 
Under the Finnish Act on Barring of Debts by the Statute of Limitations (Laki velan vanhentumisesta 
728/2003), as amended, debt obligations are subject to statutory limitation, which become effective on the 
earlier of: 
(a) 
the date falling 3 years as of the date when the payment obligation becomes due and payable; 
(b) 
the date falling 3 years from the date on which the relevant non-breaching contracting party became 
or should have become aware of a breach of contract; or

--- Page 133 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 123- 
70-41013180 
 
(c) 
the date falling 10 years from the date on which such breach occurred. 
Where a creditor has been granted a security interest to secure its receivable, the enforcement procedure 
depends on the type of the asset securing the receivable. 
Enforcement of a Pledge over Receivables 
Under Finnish law, the pledgor and pledgee may freely agree on the method of enforcement. In the case of 
receivables, these methods may include collecting payment from the debtor or selling the receivable to a 
third party. However, mandatory legislation requires that the pledgee must act diligently and give due 
consideration to the pledgor's justified interests when liquidating the asset, which in practice means that the 
asset may not be sold at clearly less than its market value. Regardless of the method of liquidation, any 
proceeds in excess of the amount of the creditor's receivable shall be returned to the pledgor. 
Enforcement of a Pledge of Mortgage Certificates 
Enforcement of a pledge of mortgage certificates must be carried out through an enforcement procedure in 
accordance with the Finnish Execution Code (Ulosottokaari 705/2007), as amended. 
A creditor wishing to enforce a claim secured by a pledge of mortgage certificates can either: 
(a) 
apply to the bailiff for enforcement of its claim without requesting enforcement against any specific 
assets, thereby leaving the decision concerning the target and method of the enforcement up to the 
bailiff, in which case the creditor's claim will have the priority described below in a sale of the 
property; or 
(b) 
apply to the bailiff for enforcement action directed specifically at the property by virtue of the 
mortgage loan. 
In the case of an application in accordance with paragraph (b) above and, to the extent that enforcement 
action under paragraph (a) above results in an attempt to sell the property, the bailiff may choose either to 
organise a public auction or, provided that certain requirements are met, such as it is agreed upon by all 
parties to the proceedings, to sell the property by other means, for example, a private sale by a real estate 
agent. 
In the case of a public auction, the bailiff will make a public announcement that the property shall be 
auctioned and send invitations to all secured creditors. In doing so, the bailiff will request that the secured 
creditors inform the bailiff in writing whether they desire to be paid from the proceeds of the auction or 
whether they are satisfied with the fact that their mortgage shall continue to encumber the property after it 
is sold. If there is any uncertainty concerning the secured creditors, e.g. where some of them are not known 
to the bailiff or cannot be reached, the bailiff will typically summon a meeting to be held before the public 
auction. As a supplement to the information available in public registers and the debtor's obligation to 
provide information to the bailiff, this meeting is a way of obtaining information concerning the secured 
creditors. A notice to convene the meeting is sent to all known parties, including all known mortgage 
holders, and is published in a local newspaper and, if necessary, in the Official Gazette in Finland. As a 
result of this meeting, the bailiff will prepare a list of all parties involved and their respective rights and 
claims. Any claim of an unknown secured creditor not represented at the meeting shall be included in the 
list as a conditional claim with an amount corresponding to the registered amount of the relevant mortgage. 
This list must be delivered to all relevant parties in good time (normally, a few days) before the public 
auction takes place. 
Based on the amount and priority of mortgages registered over the relevant property, the bailiff shall 
determine the lowest acceptable bid, which must be received from the property in question from its sale in 
the auction. To determine the lowest acceptable bid, the bailiff shall arrange the mortgages on such property 
in an order of priority based on the dates on which the mortgages were registered with the Finnish Title and 
Mortgage Register (lainhuuto- ja kiinnitysrekisteri). The lowest acceptable bid must cover the enforcement 
costs and the aggregate amount of mortgages, which rank higher in priority than the mortgage that is being 
enforced. The bailiff may not accept a bid if it is clearly lower than the market value of the property. 
Mortgages shall terminate upon the sale unless the property has been sold encumbered or the secured debt 
has been otherwise assumed. If no acceptable bids are received, another auction or a sale by other means 
shall be organised unless the creditor requesting the first sale objects to this. Depending on the

--- Page 134 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 124- 
70-41013180 
 
circumstances, the law also allows for a third sale to be organised. The requirement concerning the lowest 
acceptable bid can be set aside by agreement between all secured creditors. 
If a secured creditor has not duly notified the bailiff in writing of the mortgage and made a request for 
payment in the above meeting held by the bailiff, the relevant mortgage will not continue to encumber the 
property following the auction. In such case, the bailiff will hold a certain portion of the proceeds received 
from the auction of the property for the benefit of such secured creditor, for up to two years from the sale 
of the property at the auction becoming effective. Unless that secured creditor notifies the bailiff of its claim 
within that period, the remaining proceeds will be disbursed to the other creditors. If the secured creditor 
has notified the bailiff in writing of the mortgage, the secured creditor will have priority in relation to the 
unsecured creditors as regards the proceeds accruing from the auction of the property. The secured creditor 
may also agree with the purchaser that the property is sold encumbered in which case the purchaser assumes 
the liabilities of the debtor towards the secured creditor and the mortgage will become effective against the 
purchaser and secure the assumed liabilities. 
Enforcement of a Pledge over Housing Company Shares 
In respect of housing company shares, the parties may generally agree to grant the creditor full discretion 
over the means of enforcing the security and realising the asset. Such discretion is, however, limited, inter 
alia, by the statutory invalidity of a provision providing that title to the pledged asset shall, upon default, 
automatically transfer to a pledgee. Furthermore, the pledgee always has a duty to ascertain that the interests 
of the borrower and other creditors of the borrower are not unduly jeopardised due to the actions taken by 
the pledgee. Under the standard terms of the pledge agreements used by the seller, a pledged object may 
not be realised unless the pledgor is notified that the object will be realised unless payment is received 
within a month (or, if the pledged object is shares, such as housing company shares entitling to the 
possession of the pledgor's residence, two months). If payment is not received within the given time, the 
pledged object may be sold by public auction, by a real estate agent or by other appropriate means. The 
Finnish Act on Housing Data System and related legislation had no direct effect on the enforcement of a 
pledge over housing company shares. 
Regulatory Framework 
Banking activities in Finland are subject to extensive regulation, primarily, under the Finnish Act on Credit 
Institutions (Laki luottolaitostoiminnasta 610/2014), as amended, which implements the requirements of 
the relevant EU directives pertaining to banking legislation. Furthermore, banking activities are governed 
by the regulations issued by the FIN-FSA. Activities of credit institutions (as such activities are defined in 
the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions) are subject to prior authorisation by the European Central Bank 
pursuant to the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions. 
Business activity where repayable funds (e.g. deposits) are accepted from the public, credit and other 
financing is offered by an entity for its own account or electronic money is issued (for example, a monetary 
value recorded on an electronic device or system and accepted as payment by one or more enterprises), is 
generally referred to as credit institution activity (luottolaitostoiminta). 
Pursuant to the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions, credit institutions and holding companies of credit 
institutions are supervised by the FIN-FSA. Notwithstanding this, the European Central Bank shall have 
the responsibilities in relation to the tasks defined in Chapters 3 and 6 through 11 of the Act on Credit 
Institutions for the supervision of the credit institutions which have been conferred to the European Central 
Bank pursuant to Council Regulation (EU) no 1024/2013 conferring specific tasks on the European Central 
Bank concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions. The supervision 
mainly consists of monitoring credit institutions' financial standing and risk management. Furthermore, the 
Finnish Act on Credit Institutions governs the process of applying for a licence to conduct credit institution 
activity, the provisions for granting the licence as well as cancelling thereof, the financial conditions to be 
met by the credit institution, the general procedures to be followed in conducting the business and contains 
the provisions on sanctions in case of a breach of its regulations. 
A credit institution has to qualify for the general conditions which relate to conducting credit institution 
activity set out in the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions. Furthermore, the FIN-FSA will verify the 
trustworthiness of a founder or a major shareholder. A person is not deemed trustworthy if he/she has been 
convicted of a crime five years preceding the assessment or received a fine three years preceding the

--- Page 135 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 125- 
70-41013180 
 
assessment which can be deemed to indicate, or has otherwise demonstrated, that he/she is manifestly 
unsuitable as a founder or a shareholder of a credit institution. 
Credit institutions may only carry out the business activities listed in the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions, 
which for deposit banks include, receiving deposits and other repayable funds from the public, raising 
funds, granting or arranging credit and other financing, financial leasing and general transfer of payments. 
In addition, a Finnish credit institution must have its head office in Finland as well as at least one permanent 
place of business. In case a credit institution intends to outsource a part of its critical functions' (as defined 
in the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions) after receiving authorisation, the FIN-FSA must be informed in 
advance. A credit institution shall further ensure that no close link, such as an ownership interest of more 
than 20 per cent. or an equivalent degree of control, between the credit institution and another legal person 
or a natural person shall prevent the efficient supervision of its operations. The Finnish Act on Credit 
Institutions provides that certain qualifying acquisitions of shares in a credit institution require a prior filing 
with the FIN-FSA. If a credit institution belongs to a consolidated group not governed by Finnish law, the 
ability of a foreign authority to adequately supervise the group forms a prerequisite for granting the 
authorisation required in Finland. 
The members and deputy members of the board of directors as well as the managing director and deputy 
managing director must be trustworthy persons who are not bankrupt and whose capacity has not been 
restricted. 
The share capital, co-operative capital or basic capital of a deposit bank (talletuspankki) and a financing 
institution (luottoyhteisö) may not be less than five million euro. 
A credit institution and an undertaking belonging to its consolidated group may not, in the course of their 
operations, incur a risk that materially jeopardises the solvency or consolidated solvency or the liquidity of 
the credit institution. A credit institution and an undertaking belonging to its consolidation group must have 
adequate internal controls and adequate risk management systems as well as adequate liquidity considering 
the scope and scale of its operations. 
The CBA enables the issue of covered bonds (katetut joukkolainat) which are debt instruments secured by 
a cover pool of eligible assets. Covered bonds may be issued by mortgage credit banks (such as the Issuer) 
and credit institutions which are otherwise authorised to engage in mortgage credit business 
(kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminta). A credit institution must fulfil certain requirements prescribed in the CBA 
in order to obtain authorisation from the FIN-FSA to engage in mortgage credit business. The credit 
institution must, among other things, have in place suitable procedures and instruments for managing the 
risk entailed in holding the cover pool assets and in issuing covered bonds and also prove that it intends to 
engage in mortgage credit business on a regular and sustained basis. The issuer must have put the 
appropriate organisational structure and resources into place. 
Consumer Protection 
The European Mortgage Credit Directive (2014/17/EU) was implemented into Finnish legislation by 
amendments to the Finnish Consumer Protection Act which came into force on 1 January 2017. Under the 
Finnish Consumer Protection Act (Kuluttajansuojalaki 38/1978), as amended, all residential housing loan 
(asuntoluotto) agreements and other consumer credit agreements (kuluttajaluottosopimus) must be 
concluded in writing or if concluded electronically, in a manner whereby the consumer may record and 
reproduce the agreement unaltered. Before concluding the credit agreement the creditor must assess the 
consumer's creditworthiness on the basis of sufficient information taking into account the amount of the 
credit and other circumstances. The creditor must ensure that the information is up to date if the parties 
agree to change the total amount of credit or increase the credit limit after the conclusion of the credit 
agreement and assess the creditworthiness of the consumer again before any significant change to the total 
amount of credit or increase in the credit limit. 
Pursuant to the Finnish Consumer Protection Act and the Governmental Decree on the information to be 
given to consumers in credit agreements (Valtioneuvoston asetus luottosopimuksesta kuluttajalle 
annettavista tiedoista 789/2010), as amended, issued thereunder, the consumer credit agreement must 
include, among others, the following information: (i) the type, amount or limit of the credit and conditions 
governing the drawdown; (ii) the interest rate, the basis for determining the interest rate and other conditions 
regarding the interest as well as other costs relating to the granting and use of the credit; (iii) the duration 
of the credit agreement or, if the credit is to be paid in instalments, the amount, number and frequency of

--- Page 136 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 126- 
70-41013180 
 
payments; (iv) the aggregate amount payable by the consumer, the annual percentage rate calculated by 
dividing all costs, interest and charges payable on the credit during the credit period taking into account 
scheduled repayment instalments, and all assumptions used in order to calculate the rate at the time of 
concluding the credit agreement; (v) the right of early repayment, and, information concerning the creditor's 
possible right to compensation and the way in which that compensation will be determined as well as 
guidance for the use of the right of early repayment; and (vi) the interest rate applicable in the case of late 
payments and the arrangements for its adjustment and where applicable, any charges payable for default. 
The consumer must not be charged any payment, interest, fee or compensation that is not included in the 
terms and conditions of the consumer credit agreement. 
The terms of a consumer credit agreement may stipulate that the interest rate payable on the credit shall 
vary in accordance with a reference rate, which shall be public and based on matters not dependent on the 
unilateral decisions of the creditor. The consumer must be notified of changes in the interest rate either in 
the account statements or otherwise in a durable medium. When notifying the consumer of such change, 
the consumer must also be notified of the amount of payments after any changes in the number and 
frequency of payments, if applicable. In respect of housing credits, the consumer must, instead of the 
number of payments, be notified of current information regarding the last payment date. 
A consumer has the right to prepay the consumer credit in full or in part before it matures. In such case, the 
consumer is entitled to a reduction in the total cost of the credit attributable to the remaining duration of the 
credit. The creditor is, however, entitled to recover its arrangement fee in full if the fee has been specified 
in the agreement and is not unreasonable. The consumer has the right to decide towards which of several 
receivables of the same creditor his/her payment is applied. In the event of early repayment, the creditor is 
also entitled to compensation from the consumer, provided that the interest of the credit is not linked to a 
reference rate, i.e. the early repayment falls within a period for which the interest rate is fixed. 
As regards housing credits, the creditor is entitled to compensation for early repayment if the amount of the 
credit exceeds EUR 20,000 and the interest of the credit is either fixed or, if variable in accordance with a 
reference rate, determined over a period of 3 years or more. Such compensation may not exceed the amount 
of loss resulting from a decline in the interest rate for the remaining credit period for fixed interest rate 
loans or the determination period of a reference rate. The FIN-FSA has issued further guidance on the 
method for calculating the loss in its Regulation 4/2011 on methods to be used in calculating the maximum 
early repayment compensation in respect of housing credits. 
If the creditor has a contractual right to, upon a consumer's payment default or other breach of contract, 
declare the credit or a part thereof prematurely due and payable or to enforce any other specific sanction, 
the creditor may enforce such a right only if the payment has not been made within one month from its due 
date and remains outstanding and if the defaulted payment constitutes at least 10 per cent. of the original 
principal amount of the credit or, if the payment default concerns more than one instalment, at least 5 per 
cent. of the original principal amount of the credit or if it concerns the total remaining balance of the credit. 
The creditor may also enforce such right on a material breach of contract (other than non-payment) by the 
consumer. Notwithstanding the aforementioned thresholds, the creditor may enforce its right if the payment 
has not been made within six months and remains substantially outstanding. 
The creditor does not have any right to declare the credit or a part of the credit prematurely due and payable, 
if the payment default resulting in such right is due to the consumer's illness, unemployment or any other 
corresponding reason that is not attributable to him, except where this would be evidently unreasonable to 
the creditor taking into account the length of the delay and other circumstances (social force majeure). 
The creditor may declare the credit or a part of the credit prematurely due and payable, subject to giving 
four weeks' prior written notice to the borrower or, if the borrower has already been notified of the payment 
default or another breach of contract, with a two-week prior notice. If the consumer pays the unpaid amount 
or rectifies the other breach during the said notice period, the acceleration shall lapse. 
A company (including a bank) that violates the provisions of the Finnish Consumer Protection Act may, if 
this is necessary for consumer protection, be prevented from continuing such measures or repeating these 
or comparable measures. 
Compliance with the provisions is supervised by the Consumer Ombudsman, the Finnish Competition and 
Consumer Authority and, as the district authorities subordinate to it, the Regional State Administrative 
Agencies as well as by the FIN-FSA when the granting of credit falls within the activity supervised by the

--- Page 137 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 127- 
70-41013180 
 
FIN-FSA. A company must present for inspection by the supervisory authorities the documents concerning 
consumer credits that are necessary for the supervision of such credits. 
Further, the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions contains provisions on the contractual terms that a credit 
institution such as the Issuer may use. According to the Finnish Act on Credit Institutions, a credit institution 
may not use contractual provisions that are unreasonable toward the borrower. Credit institutions are 
required to submit their standard terms and conditions to the FIN-FSA. 
Tax Framework 
The Finnish Income Tax Act (Tuloverolaki 1535/1992), as amended, provides certain tax reliefs to 
borrowers in respect of loans used to finance the purchase of a residence. In respect of such a loan, 100 per 
cent. of the interest payable has previously (until 2011) been deductible from a borrower's capital income. 
According to the new amended rules, this deduction right has been cut to 10 per cent. of the amount of 
interests paid as of 2021. The deductible part of the interests is, however, 35 per cent. in 2018, 25 per cent. 
in 2019 and 15 per cent. in 2020. If the borrower has no such capital income or the interest (and other 
deductible expenses) exceeds the income, the Finnish Income Tax Act provides that the loss may be 
deductible from the income tax payable on earned income (i.e., salary), depending on certain criteria such 
as, inter alia, on the number of children in the household and whether the residence is the first residence 
owned by the borrower. 
Pursuant to the Transfer Tax Act (Varainsiirtoverolaki 931/1996), as amended, the transfer of property or 
housing company shares is exempt from transfer tax if the residence is the first residence owned by the 
buyer and is otherwise generally levied at 4 per cent. for direct transfers of real estate and 2 per cent. for 
transfers of housing company shares. The transfer tax base generally also includes the debts of housing 
companies in addition to sales price. Subject to certain conditions, capital gains from the sale of the 
borrower's residence are not subject to capital gains tax, which is otherwise levied at a rate of 30 per cent. 
For income exceeding EUR 30,000, the tax rate is 34 per cent.

--- Page 138 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 128- 
70-41013180 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Covered Bonds. It does 
not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Covered Bonds, whether in 
those countries or elsewhere. The tax laws of an investor's Member State and of the Issuer's Member State 
of incorporation might have an impact on the income received from the securities. Prospective purchasers 
of Covered Bonds should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant 
to acquiring, holding and disposing of Covered Bonds and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or 
other amounts under the Covered Bonds and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those 
countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject 
to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Finnish Taxation 
Interest on Covered Bonds issued by Nordea Mortgage Bank to the public in Finland constitutes income 
pursuant to the Income Tax Act (Tuloverolaki 1535/1992), as amended, for physical persons that are 
resident in Finland for tax purposes and for Finnish estates of deceased persons. Tax prepayment at the rate 
of 30 per cent. is withheld from the interest income in accordance with the Prepayment Act 
(Ennakkoperintälaki 1118/1996), as amended and the interest income is subject to final taxation at capital 
income tax rates (30 – 34 per cent. in 2021). Interest on certain Covered Bonds paid to a Finnish physical 
person or the Finnish estate of a deceased person may be in the scope of the Act on Withholding Tax for 
Interest Income (Laki korkotulon lähdeverosta 1341/1990), as amended. The withholding tax on interest 
income is at present 30 per cent. 
Where Covered Bonds are sold by a Finnish physical person or Finnish estate of deceased person prior to 
the due date, any capital gains and payment of accrued interest (jälkimarkkinahyvitys) is taxed in at the tax 
rate applicable to capital income (30 – 34 per cent. in 2021). Correspondingly, the subscriber is generally 
entitled to deduct the paid accrued interest from the taxable income of the year of subscription. Capital 
gains arising from a sale of assets are, however, exempted from tax if the total amount of the sales prices 
of the assets sold by the holder of the Covered Bonds does not exceed EUR 1,000 in a tax year. Capital 
losses arising from the transfer of the Covered Bonds are deductible from capital gains and generally also 
from other taxable capital income in the same year or during the following five years. The capital losses 
will not, however, be tax deductible if the total amount of the acquisition prices of the assets sold by the 
Covered Bond Holder does not exceed EUR 1,000 in a tax year. 
The following applies to Finnish corporate entities taxed in accordance with the Business Income Tax Act 
(Laki elinkeinotulon verottamisesta 24.6.1968/360), as amended. As of tax year 2020, most Finnish 
corporate entities are taxed exclusively in accordance with the Business Income Tax Act. 
If the recipient of the interest paid on the Covered Bonds is a corporation further defined in the Income Tax 
Act (Tuloverolaki 1535/1992), as amended, residing in Finland for tax purposes, such interest is subject to 
taxation at a flat rate of 20 per cent. 
Where Covered Bonds are sold by a Finnish resident corporation, the capital gain (as well as the capital 
loss) is calculated by deducting the total sum of the actual acquisition cost and selling cost from the 
consideration from the disposal. Confirmed losses can generally be carried forward and deducted from the 
taxable income for 10 years following the loss-making year, provided that no change in ownership 
triggering forfeiture of tax loss carry-forwards occur. Specific limitations apply to the deductibility of any 
capital losses incurred under the Income Tax Act prior to tax year 2020, as well as capital losses incurred 
from the transfer of assets belonging to the "other assets" asset class under the Business Income Tax Act, 
introduced as of tax year 2020. 
Payments of interest in accordance with the Conditions are not subject to withholding tax in Finland 
provided that the recipient is not resident in Finland for tax purposes, unless the Covered Bonds relate to 
business carried on in Finland (through a permanent establishment in Finland). The payer is obliged to 
ascertain that the recipient is not resident in Finland for tax purposes. The recipient is obliged to disclose 
his non-resident investor status to the payer. If a recipient fails to provide such information, the Issuer will 
be entitled to withhold or deduct amounts from a payment in respect of the Covered Bonds, if it is required 
to do so under Finnish law and the Issuer will not be required to pay the recipient any additional amounts. 
Investors that are not resident in Finland for tax purposes are, furthermore, not subject to Finnish tax on

--- Page 139 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 129- 
70-41013180 
 
capital gains arising from the transfer of Covered Bonds, unless the transfer relates to business carried on 
in Finland through a permanent establishment. 
The Holders are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning their tax reporting obligations and the 
overall tax consequences of their ownership of the Covered Bonds. 
Information gathering and sharing 
In addition, tax authorities in various jurisdictions have their own information gathering and sharing powers 
which may be applicable, in addition to those described above. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Finland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which 
FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Covered Bonds, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Covered Bonds, are uncertain and 
may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as the Covered Bonds, such withholding would not apply prior to 
the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are 
published in the U.S. Federal Register and would not apply even after that date to Covered Bonds treated 
as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date 
on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register 
which generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified 
after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the issuer). However, if additional notes (as 
described under "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds—13. Further Issues") that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Covered Bonds are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering 
period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Covered Bonds, 
including the Covered Bonds offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in the Covered Bonds. In the event that any withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Covered Bonds, no person will be required 
to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 140 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 130- 
70-41013180 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Covered Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Barclays Bank Ireland 
PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A., 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am 
Main, Goldman Sachs International, HSBC Continental Europe, Landesbank Baden-Württemberg, Natixis, 
Norddeutsche Landesbank – Girozentrale -, Nordea Bank Abp, Société Générale, UBS Europe SE and 
UniCredit Bank AG (the "Dealers"). The arrangements under which Covered Bonds may from time to time 
be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated 
dealership agreement dated 29 April 2021 (as amended and/or restated from time to time, the "Dealership 
Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. Any such agreement will inter alia make 
provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Covered Bonds, the price at which such 
Covered Bonds will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) 
payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealership Agreement makes provision 
for the resignation or renewal of existing Dealers and the appointment of additional or other Dealers. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Covered Bonds 
specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable" in relation to each Member State of the 
European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto (or are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by a drawdown prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in that Member State 
except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
EU Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the

--- Page 141 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 131- 
70-41013180 
 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Covered Bonds to the public" in relation to 
any Covered Bonds in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
Denmark 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver any of the 
Covered Bonds directly or indirectly in the Kingdom of Denmark by way of public offering, unless in 
compliance with the Danish Capital Markets Act (Kapitalmarkedsloven), as amended or replaced from time 
to time, the Danish executive orders issued thereunder, and the EU Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes 
of this provision, an offer of the Covered Bonds in Denmark means the communication in any form and by 
any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
Finland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not directly or indirectly offer and sell the Covered Bonds or 
bring the Covered Bonds into general circulation in Finland other than in compliance with all applicable 
provisions of the laws of Finland. Covered Bonds may only be offered and sold to the public in Finland 
provided that either (i) a prospectus in relation to the Covered Bonds is prepared in accordance with the 
Finnish Securities Markets Act (Fi: arvopaperimarkkinalaki, (746/2012), as amended) (the "Finnish 
Securities Markets Act") and/or other applicable laws and regulations including the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, as applicable, or (ii) an exemption from the requirement to prepare a prospectus is available 
under the applicable laws of Finland, especially the Finnish Securities Markets Act and/or the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, as applicable. Notwithstanding the above, each Dealer has represented and agreed 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that 
Covered Bonds may not be offered or sold to individuals or estates of deceased individuals that are resident 
in Finland for taxation purposes. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, 
Covered Bonds to the public in France and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not 
distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement or any other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds and such offers, sales 
and distributions have been and will be made in France only to (a) providers of investment services relating 
to portfolio management for the account of third parties (personnes fournissant le service d'investissement 
de gestion de portefeuille pour compte de tiers), and/or (b) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), 
other than individuals all as defined in, and in accordance with, articles L.411-1, L.411-2 and D.411-1 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the offer of Covered Bonds to 
the public in France will be made only in compliance with the EU Prospectus Regulation and the applicable 
laws, regulations and procedures in France. This Base Prospectus prepared in connection with the Covered 
Bonds has not been submitted to the clearance procedures of the French Autorité des marchés financiers. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place the Covered Bonds, otherwise than in conformity with 
the provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as 
amended, the "EU MiFID II Regulations"), including, without limitation, Regulation 5 thereof or

--- Page 142 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 132- 
70-41013180 
 
any codes of conduct made under the EU MiFID II Regulations and the provisions of the Investor 
Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Covered Bonds, otherwise than in conformity with 
the provisions of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended), the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as 
amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as 
amended); 
(c) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of any Covered Bonds 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and any rules 
issued by the Central Bank under Section 1363 of the Companies Act; and 
(d) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the Covered Bonds, 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) 
(as amended) and any rules and guidance issued under Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014 
by the Central Bank. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Covered Bonds has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that, save as set out below, it has not offered or sold, 
and will not offer or sell, any Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy in an offer to the public and that sales 
of the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy shall be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax 
and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Covered 
Bonds or distribute copies of this Base Prospectus and any other document relating to the Covered Bonds 
in the Republic of Italy except: 
(a) 
to "qualified investors", as referred to in Article 100 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, as amended ("Decree No. 58") and defined in Article 34-ter, paragraph 1, let. b) of CONSOB 
Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended ("Regulation No. 11971") or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempt from the rules on offers to the public pursuant to 
Article 100 of the Decree No. 58 and Regulation No. 11971. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or 
any other document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as 
amended (the "Banking Act"), Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 
2018, as amended and any other applicable laws and regulations; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended, and the implementing guidelines 
of the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable), as amended from 
time to time, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer 
of securities in the Republic of Italy; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB 
or any other Italian authority. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market in the Republic of Italy 
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Covered Bonds in the Republic of 
Italy, Article 100-bis of Decree No. 58 may require compliance with the law relating to public offers of 
securities. Furthermore, where the Covered Bonds are placed solely with "qualified investors" and are then 
systematically resold on the secondary market at any time in the 12 months following such placing, 
purchasers of Covered Bonds who are acting outside of the course of their business or profession may in 
certain circumstances be entitled to declare such purchase void and, in addition, to claim damages from any 
authorised person at whose premises the Covered Bonds were purchased, unless an exemption provided for 
under Decree No. 58 applies.

--- Page 143 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 133- 
70-41013180 
 
Lithuania 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Covered Bonds have not been offered and will not be offered in 
Lithuania by way of a public offering, unless in compliance with the Law on Securities of the Republic of 
Lithuania of 18 January 2007 No X-1023 (as amended) and any other laws and regulations applicable in 
Lithuania. 
Luxembourg 
The Covered Bonds may not be offered or sold to the public within the territory of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg unless: 
(a) 
a prospectus has been duly approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF") pursuant to (i) part II of the Luxembourg law dated 10 July 2005 on prospectuses for 
securities, as amended, which implements the EU Prospectus Regulation or (ii) any Luxembourg 
law applying the EU Prospectus Regulation (as applicable, the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"), 
if Luxembourg is the home Member State as defined under the Luxembourg Prospectus Law; or 
(b) 
if Luxembourg is not the home Member State as defined under the Luxembourg Prospectus Law, 
the CSSF and the European Securities Markets Authority have been provided by the competent 
authority in the home Member State with a certificate of approval attesting that a prospectus in 
relation to the Covered Bonds has been duly approved in accordance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, as applicable, and with a copy of that prospectus; or 
(c) 
the offer of Covered Bonds benefits from an exemption from, or constitutes a transaction not 
subject to, the requirement to publish a prospectus under the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. 
The Netherlands 
For selling restrictions in respect of The Netherlands, see "Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation" above and in addition: 
(a) 
Specific Dutch selling restriction for exempt offers: Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it 
will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in relation thereto to 
the public in The Netherlands and in reliance on Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
unless: 
(i) 
such offer is made exclusively to persons or legal entities which are qualified investors (as 
defined in the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht, the "FSA") 
and which includes authorised discretionary asset managers acting for the account of retail 
investors under a discretionary investment management contract) in The Netherlands; or 
(ii) 
standard exemption logo and wording are incorporated in the Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as required by Article 5:20(5) of the FSA; or 
(iii) 
such offer is otherwise made in circumstances in which Article 5:20(5) of the FSA is not 
applicable, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 1 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Covered Bonds to the public" in 
relation to any Covered Bonds in The Netherlands has the meaning given it in the paragraph headed 
"Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation" above. 
(b) 
Compliance with Dutch Savings Certificates Act: Zero Coupon Covered Bonds (as defined below) 
in definitive form of the Issuer may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, 
from or into The Netherlands through the mediation of either the Issuer or a member firm of

--- Page 144 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 134- 
70-41013180 
 
Euronext Amsterdam N.V. admitted on one or more systems held or operated by Euronext 
Amsterdam N.V. in full compliance with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake 
spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended) and its implementing regulations. No such mediation 
is required: (a) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of rights representing an interest in a Zero 
Coupon Covered Bond in global form, or (b) in respect of the initial issue of Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds in definitive form to the first holders thereof, or (c) in respect of the transfer and acceptance 
of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds in definitive form between individuals not acting in the conduct 
of a business or profession, or (d) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds within, from or into The Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Covered Bonds (either in 
definitive form or as rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Covered Bond in global form) 
of any particular Series are issued outside The Netherlands and are not distributed into The 
Netherlands in the course of initial distribution or immediately thereafter. As used herein "Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds" are Covered Bonds that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim 
for a fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or 
on which no interest is due whatsoever. 
Norway 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will comply with all laws, regulations and guidelines applicable to 
the offering of Covered Bonds in Norway. 
Portugal 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Covered Bonds may not be and will not be offered to the public in 
Portugal under circumstances which are deemed to be a public offer under the Portuguese Securities Code 
(Código dos Valores Mobiliários) enacted by Decree-Law no. 486/99 of 13 November 1999, as amended 
and restated from time to time (the "Portuguese Securities Code") (or under any legislation which may 
replace or complement it in this respect from time to time), unless the requirements and provisions 
applicable to the public offerings in Portugal are met and registration, filing, approval or recognition 
procedures with the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (Comissão do Mercado de Valores 
Mobiliários) (the "CMVM") are made. In particular, the offer of new securities might be made through a 
private placement (oferta particular), in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Portuguese 
Securities Code, including, inter alia, exclusively to qualified investors (investidores qualificados) within 
the meaning of Article 30 of the Portuguese Securities Code. 
In addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, other than in compliance with all applicable 
provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code (or under any legislation which may replace or complement 
it in this respect from time to time), the "EU Prospectus Regulation" and any applicable CMVM 
Regulations and all relevant Portuguese securities laws and regulations, in any such case that may be 
applicable to it in respect of any offer or sale of Covered Bonds by it in Portugal or to individuals or entities 
resident in Portugal or having permanent establishment located in Portuguese territory, as the case may be, 
including compliance with the rules and regulations that require the publication of a prospectus, when 
applicable: (i) no action has been or will be taken as to directly or indirectly offer, advertise, market, invite 
to subscribe, gather investment intentions, sell, re-sell, re-offer or deliver any Covered Bonds in 
circumstances which could qualify as a public offer (oferta pública) of securities pursuant to the Portuguese 
Securities Code (or under any legislation which may replace or complement it in this respect from time to 
time), notably in circumstances which could qualify as a public offer addressed to individuals or entities 
resident in Portugal or having permanent establishment located in Portuguese territory, as the case may be; 
(ii) no action has been or will be taken as to distribute, make available or cause to be distributed this Base 
Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds to the public in Portugal; and (iii) 
any such distribution or placement of the Covered Bonds shall only be authorised and performed to the 
extent that there is full compliance with such laws and regulations. 
Spain 
Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold or distributed in the Kingdom of Spain save in accordance with 
the requirements of the consolidated text of the Securities Market Law approved by legislative Royal 
Decree 4/2015 of 23 October (Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el

--- Page 145 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 135- 
70-41013180 
 
texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de Valores), as amended and restated (the "Securities Market Law"), 
and Royal Decree 1310/2005, of 4 November 2005, partially developing Law 24/1988, of 28 July, on the 
Securities Market in connection with listing of securities in secondary official markets, initial purchase 
offers, rights issues and the prospectus required in these cases (Real Decreto 1310/2005, de 4 de noviembre, 
por el que se desarrolla parcialmente la Ley 24/1 988, de 28 de julio, del Mercado de Valores, en materia 
de admisión a negociación de valores en mercados secundarios oficiales, de ofertas públicas de venta o 
suscripción y del folleto exigible a tales efectos), as amended and restated, and the decrees and regulations 
made thereunder and by institutions authorised under the Securities Market Law and Royal Decree 
217/2008, of 15 February, on the legal regime applicable to investment services companies (Real Decreto 
217/2008, de 15 de febrero, sobre el régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las 
demás entidades que prestan servicios de inversión y por el que se modifica parcialmente el Reglamento 
de la Ley 35/2003, de 4 de noviembre, de Instituciones de Inversión Colectiva, aprobado por el Real 
Decreto 1309/2005, de 4 de noviembre), as amended and restated, to provide investment services in Spain. 
Sweden 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that no Covered Bonds will be offered to the public in Sweden nor admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in Sweden unless and until: (A) a prospectus in relation to those Covered 
Bonds has been approved by the competent authority in Sweden or, where appropriate, approved in another 
Member State and such competent authority has notified the competent authority in Sweden, all in 
accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation; or (B) an exemption from the requirement to prepare a 
prospectus is available under the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Covered Bonds 
specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person 
who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Covered Bonds to the public" in relation to 
any Covered Bonds means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable" each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in 
relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Covered 
Bonds to the public in the UK:

--- Page 146 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 136- 
70-41013180 
 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 investors: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Covered Bonds to the public" in relation to 
any Covered Bonds means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has further represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Covered Bonds having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Covered Bonds would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of 
the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Covered Bonds in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not, or 
would not, apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving 
the UK. 
The United States of America 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Covered Bonds in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations promulgated thereunder.

--- Page 147 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 137- 
70-41013180 
 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealership Agreement, it has not offered, sold or 
delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) 
otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Covered Bonds comprising the 
relevant Tranche as certified to the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer by such Dealer (or, in the case of a sale of a 
Tranche of Covered Bonds to or through more than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers as to the Covered 
Bonds of such Tranche purchased by or through it, in which case the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer shall notify 
each such Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified) within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Covered Bonds 
during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Covered Bonds within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Covered Bonds comprising any 
Tranche, any offer or sale of Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Japan 
Each Dealer has confirmed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
confirm, its understanding that the Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, (the "FIEA")). 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and 
will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Covered Bonds, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a 
resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign 
Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)) or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, 
in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, FIEA and other relevant laws, regulations 
and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Covered Bonds or caused the Covered Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds or cause the Covered Bonds to be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and it has not circulated or distributed nor 
will it circulate or distribute this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the 
offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Covered Bonds, whether directly or indirectly, 
to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Covered Bonds are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Covered Bonds pursuant 
to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:

--- Page 148 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 138- 
70-41013180 
 
(c) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(d) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(e) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(f) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(g) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
General 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that: 
(a) 
with the exception of the approval by the Central Bank of this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus 
issued in compliance with the EU Prospectus Regulation and other than with respect to the 
admission of the Covered Bonds to listing, trading and/or quotation by the relevant listing 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems, no action has been or will be taken in any 
country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers that would permit a public offering of Covered 
Bonds, or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country or 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose hands this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement comes are required by the Issuer and the 
Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or 
from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds or have in their possession, publish 
or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own expense; 
(b) 
the Dealership Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions 
relating to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a 
result of change(s) or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws 
and regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers 
described in paragraph (a) above; and 
(c) 
selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
additional selling restrictions in respect of a jurisdiction not set out herein will be set out in the 
relevant subscription agreement or dealer accession letter (in the case of an additional selling 
restriction in respect of a jurisdiction not set out herein relevant only to a particular Tranche of 
Covered Bonds) or (in case of a supplement, modification or in any other case) in a supplement to 
this document.

--- Page 149 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 139- 
70-41013180 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The update of the Programme was authorised by a duly convened meeting of the Board of Directors 
of the Issuer held on 1 October 2016. 
2. 
The Issuer is not nor has it been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) 
during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in 
such period, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
3. 
Since 31 December 2020, the date to which the latest consolidated audited financial statements of 
the Issuer were prepared, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer.  
Since 31 December 2020, the date to which the latest published financial statements of the Issuer 
were prepared, there has been no significant change in the financial performance or the financial 
position of the Issuer. 
4. 
The financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019 were audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy is an independent 
auditor in accordance with laws, regulations and auditing standards and practices generally 
accepted in Finland. The auditor of the Issuer has no material interest in the Issuer. The financial 
statements of the Issuer and the audit report of PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy are included in Annex 
1 and Annex 2 of this Base Prospectus. 
5. 
For the 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, physical copies and, where 
appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be inspected during normal 
business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in London and the registered office of the 
Issuer and at https://www.nordea.com: 
(a) 
the certificate of Registration and Articles of Association of the Issuer (as the same may 
be updated from time to time); 
(b) 
the Fiscal Agency Agreement (as amended from time to time) (which contains the forms 
of the Covered Bonds); 
(c) 
the Deed of Covenant (as supplemented from time to time); 
(d) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2019, including the audit reports relating thereto; 
(e) 
this Base Prospectus, together with any supplements thereto; 
(f) 
the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement for issues listed on any stock exchange and issued 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus; and 
(g) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement. 
Translations into English of any document listed above which is not in the English language are 
accurate and direct translations of the relevant document. In the event of any discrepancy between 
the English language version and the original language version of any such document, the original 
language version shall prevail. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the websites referred to in this Base Prospectus do not form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
6. 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or, in the case of Finnish Covered Bonds, Euroclear Finland. The appropriate 
common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Covered 
Bonds of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. The 
relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement shall specify any other clearing system as shall have 
accepted the relevant Covered Bonds for clearance together with any further appropriate 
information. The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-

--- Page 150 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 140- 
70-41013180 
 
1210 Brussels and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue 
JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
7. 
The address of Euroclear Finland Ltd is Euroclear Finland Ltd PB 1110, FI-00101 Helsinki, 
Finland. 
8. 
It is expected that each Series of Covered Bonds which is to be admitted to listing on the Official 
List of the Euronext Dublin and to trading on its regulated market will be admitted separately as 
and when issued, subject only to the issue of a Temporary Global Covered Bond initially 
representing the Covered Bonds of such Series or, as the case may be, the relevant Registered 
Covered Bonds and the approval of the Programme in respect of such Covered Bond(s) will be 
granted on or about 29 April 2021. 
9. 
Each Tranche of Covered Bonds will be allocated an International Securities Identification Number 
("ISIN"), Common Code, Financial Instrument Short Name ("FISN"), Classification of Financial 
Instruments ("CFI") code and/or other securities identifier, which will be contained in the Final 
Terms relating thereto. Covered Bonds issued in Series comprising more than one Tranche may be 
assigned a temporary ISIN and Common Code or other securities identifier on issue. 
10. 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Issuer is 7437001LESKGLAEOEU84. 
11. 
The Issuer's website is https://www.nordea.com. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
12. 
Settlement arrangements will be agreed between the Issuer, the relevant Dealer and the Fiscal 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar in relation to each Series. 
13. 
There are no material contracts having been entered into outside the ordinary course of the Issuer's 
business and which could result in the Issuer being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to Holders in respect of the Covered Bonds 
being issued. 
14. 
The price and amount of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be determined by 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for 
these transactions. 
15. 
Where Covered Bonds have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue proceeds are 
received by the Issuer in the UK or (b) the activity of issuing the Covered Bonds is carried on from 
an establishment maintained by the Issuer in the UK, such Covered Bonds must: (i) have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not constitute a contravention 
of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
16. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may 
have positions, deal or make markets in the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, related 
derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies 
on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their 
exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and 
for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers of their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to

--- Page 151 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 141- 
70-41013180 
 
the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and 
their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially 
the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may 
also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
17. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
18. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer 
in relation to the Covered Bonds and is not itself seeking admission of the Covered Bonds to the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the 
purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 152 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 142- 
70-41013180 
 
ANNEX 1 — AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE ISSUER FOR THE YEAR 
ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020, INCLUDING THE AUDITOR'S REPORT AND NOTES 
RELATING THERETO

--- Page 153 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
15 
 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc 
Financial statements 
Income statement 
EURm 
Note 
2020 
2019 
Operating income 
 
Interest income 
4 
279.1 
273.3 
Interest expense 
4 
-43.5 
-53.6 
Net interest income 
4 
235.6 
219.7 
Fee and commission income 
 
9.9 
9.3 
Fee and commission expense 
 
-10.1 
-16.9 
Net fee and commission income 
5 
-0.2 
-7.6 
Net result from items at fair value  
6 
-9.4 
0.6 
Other operating income 
 
0.1 
0.1 
Total operating income 
 
226.1 
212.8 
 
 
 
Operating expenses 
 
 
 
General administrative expenses: 
 
 
 
  Staff costs  
7 
-1.4 
-1.9 
  Other expenses 
8 
-64.7 
-66.4 
Depreciation of tangible assets 
 
0.0 
0.0 
Total operating expenses 
 
-66.1 
-68.3 
 
 
 
Profit before loan losses 
 
160.0 
144.5 
Net loan losses 
9 
-15.4 
10.3 
Operating profit 
 
144.6 
154.8 
Income tax expense 
10 
-28.9 
-35.1 
Net profit for the year 
  
115.7 
119.7 
  
 
 
Attributable to: 
  
 
 
Shareholders of NMB 
  
115.7 
119.7 
 
Statement of comprehensive income 
EURm 
2020 
2019 
Net profit for the year 
115.7 
119.7 
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the income statement 
 
 
Cash flow hedges: 
 
 
- Valuation gains/losses during the year 
6.4 
19.3 
- Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year 
-1.3 
-3.9 
- Transferred to the Income statement during the year 
-0.5 
-5.0 
- Tax on transfers to the income statement during the year 
0.1 
1.0 
Items that may not be reclassified subsequently to the income statement 
 
 
Defined benefit plans: 
 
 
- Remeasurement of defined benefit plans during the year 
0.0 
0.0 
- Tax on remeasurement of defined benefit plans during the year 
0.0 
0.0 
Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
4.7 
11.4 
Total comprehensive income  
120.4 
131.1 
Attributable to: 
 
 
Shareholders of NMB 
120.4 
131.1

--- Page 154 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
16 
 
Balance sheet 
EURm 
Note 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2019 
Assets 
  
 
Cash and balances with central banks  
  
241.8 
1,694.4 
Loans to credit institutions 
11 
582.7 
666.4 
Loans to the public 
11 
28,764.2 
26,733.4 
Derivatives   
12 
858.2 
711.5 
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk 
230.3 
174.5 
Property and equipment 
 
0.0 
0.0 
Deferred tax assets 
10 
7.4 
9.2 
Other assets 
13 
90.2 
2.6 
Prepaid expenses and accrued income 
14 
8.4 
29.6 
Total assets 
30,783.2 
30,021.6 
Liabilities  
  
 
Deposits by credit institutions 
 
8,386.6 
11,560.4 
Debt securities in issue  
 
19,750.8 
16,111.7 
Derivatives   
12 
331.3 
199.0 
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk 
 
716.8 
544.8 
Current tax liabilities 
 
6.9 
9.4 
Other liabilities 
15 
59.4 
92.1 
Accrued expenses and prepaid income 
16 
133.4 
168.8 
Provisions 
17 
0.1 
0.1 
Retirement benefit liabilities  
18 
0.2 
0.2 
Subordinated liabilities 
19 
200.5 
200.5 
Total liabilities  
29,586.0 
28,887.0 
  
 
Equity 
 
Share capital 
250.0 
250.0 
Other reserves 
819.4 
814.6 
Retained earnings 
  
127.8 
70.0 
Total equity 
  
1,197.2 
1,134.6 
Total liabilities and equity 
  
30,783.2 
30,021.6 
 
Off balance sheet commitments 
 
 
 
Assets pledged as security for own liabilities 
21 
22,934.8 
21,943.2 
Loan commitments 
24 
396.2 
334.4

--- Page 155 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
17 
 
Statement of changes in equity 
  
Attributable to the shareholders of NMB 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  Other reserves 
EURm 
 
Share 
capital 
Cash 
flow 
hedges 
Invested 
unrestric
ted 
equity  
Defined 
benefit 
plans 
Retaine
d 
earnings 
Total 
equity 
Balance at 1 Jan 2020 
 
250.0 
14.6 
800.0 
0.0 
70.0 
1,134.6 
Net profit for the year 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
115.7 
115.7 
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the 
income statement 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash flow hedges: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- Valuation gains/losses during the year 
 
- 
6.4 
- 
- 
- 
6.4 
- Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year 
 
- 
-1.3 
- 
- 
- 
-1.3 
- Transferred to the income statement during the 
year 
 
- 
-0.5 
- 
- 
- 
-0.5 
- Tax on transfers to the income statement during 
the year 
 
- 
0.1 
- 
- 
- 
0.1 
Items that may not be reclassified subsequently to 
the income statement 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Defined benefit plans: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- Remeasurement of defined benefit plans during 
the year 
 
- 
- 
- 
0.0 
- 
0.0 
- Tax on remeasurement of defined benefit plans 
during the year 
 
- 
- 
- 
0.0 
- 
0.0 
Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
 
- 
4.7 
- 
0.0 
- 
4.7 
Total comprehensive income  
 
- 
4.7 
- 
0.0 
115.7 
120.4 
Anticipated dividend 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-57.8 
-57.8 
Other changes 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
0.0 
0.0 
Balance at 31 Dec 2020 
 
250.0 
19.4 
800.0 
0.0 
127.8 
1,197.2

--- Page 156 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
18 
 
Statement of changes in equity, cont. 
  
 
Attributable to the shareholders 
of NMB 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  Other reserves 
EURm 
 
Share 
capital 
Cash 
flow 
hedges 
Invested 
unrestric
ted 
equity  
Defined 
benefit 
plans 
Retaine
d 
earnings 
Total 
equity 
Balance at 1 Jan 2019 
 
250.0 
3.2 
800.0 
0.0 
124.6 
1,177.8 
Change of parameters of statistical models for loan 
loss provisions 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
25.5 
25.5 
Restated opening balance 
 
250.0 
3.2 
800.0 
0.0 
150.1 
1,203.3 
Net profit for the year 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
119.7 
119.7 
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the 
income statement 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash flow hedges: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- Valuation gains/losses during the year 
 
- 
19.3 
- 
- 
- 
19.3 
- Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year 
 
- 
-3.9 
- 
- 
- 
-3.9 
- Transferred to the income statement during the 
year 
 
- 
-5.0 
- 
- 
- 
-5.0 
- Tax on transfers to the income statement during 
the year 
 
- 
1.0 
- 
- 
- 
1.0 
Items that may not be reclassified subsequently to 
the income statement 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Defined benefit plans: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- Remeasurement of defined benefit plans during 
the year 
 
- 
- 
- 
0.0 
- 
0.0 
- Tax on remeasurement of defined benefit plans 
during the year 
 
- 
- 
- 
0.0 
- 
0.0 
Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
 
- 
11.4 
- 
0.0 
- 
11.4 
Total comprehensive income  
 
- 
11.4 
- 
0.0 
119.7 
131.1 
Dividend for 2018 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-110.0 
-110.0 
Anticipated dividend 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-89.8 
-89.8 
Other changes 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
0.0 
0.0 
Balance at 31 Dec 2019 
 
250.0 
14.6 
800.0 
0.0 
70.0 
1,134.6

--- Page 157 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
19 
 
Cash flow statement 
EURm 
2020 
2019 
Operating activities 
 
 
Operating profit 
144.6 
154.9 
Adjustments for items not included in cash flow 
126.8 
172.2 
Income taxes paid 
-30.9 
-26.8 
Tax refund 
0.0 
5.3 
Cash flow from operating activities before changes in operating assets and liabilities 
240.5 
305.6 
 
 
Changes in operating assets 
 
 
Change in loans to credit institutions 
0.1 
-0.3 
Change in loans to the public 
-2,046.1 
-3,616.4 
Change in derivatives, net 
-22.6 
-128.0 
Change in other assets 
-87.4 
35.0 
 
 
 
Changes in operating liabilities 
 
 
Change in deposits by credit institutions  
-3,173.8 
3,892.8 
Change in debt securities in issue 
3,639.2 
-648.8 
Change in other liabilities 
3.8 
34.8 
Cash flow from operating activities 
-1,446.4 
-125.3 
 
 
Financing activities 
 
 
Dividend paid 
-89.8 
-110.0 
Cash flow from financing activities 
-89.8 
-110.0 
Cash flow for the year  
-1,536.3 
-235.4 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year 
1,800.5 
2,035.9 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year  
264.2 
1,800.5 
Change 
-1,536.3 
-235.4 
 
Comments on the cash flow statement 
The cash flow statement shows inflows and outflows of cash and cash equivalents during the year for total operations. Nordea Mortgage 
Bank’s cash flow has been prepared in accordance with the indirect method, whereby operating profit is adjusted for effects of non-cash 
transactions such as depreciation and loan losses. The cash flows are classified by operating and financing activities. 
 
Operating activities 
Operating activities are the principal revenue-producing activities and cash flows are mainly derived from the operating profit for the year 
with adjustment for items not included in cash flow and income taxes paid. Adjustment for items not included in cash flow includes: 
 
EURm 
2020 
2019 
Loan losses 
15.4 
-10.3 
Unrealised gains/losses 
8.1 
-0.1 
Change in accruals and provisions 
-12.9 
39.8 
Change in fair value of the hedged items under fair value hedges 
116.2 
142.9 
Total 
126.8 
172.2 
 
Changes in operating assets and liabilities consist of assets and liabilities that are part of normal business activities, such as loans, 
deposits and debt securities in issue. Changes in derivatives are reported net. 
 
Cash flow from operating activities includes interest payments received and interest expenses paid with the following amounts: 
EURm 
2020 
2019 
Interest payments received 
267.2 
253.2 
Interest expenses paid 
-35.6 
-42.4

--- Page 158 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
20 
 
Cash flow statement, cont. 
Financing activities 
Financing activities are activities that result in changes in equity and subordinated liabilities, such as new issues of shares, dividends 
and issued/amortised subordinated liabilities. 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
The following items are included in Cash and cash equivalents:  
EURm 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2019 
Cash and balances with central banks 
241.8 
1,694.4 
Loans to credit institutions, payable on demand 
22.4 
106.1 
Total 
264.2 
1,800.5 
 
Cash comprises legal tender and bank notes  . Balances with central banks consist of deposits in accounts with central banks and 
postal giro systems under government authority, where the following conditions are fulfilled; 
- the central bank or the postal giro system is domiciled in the country where the institution is established  
- the balance on the account is readily available at any time. 
 
Loans to credit institutions, payable on demand include liquid assets not represented by bonds or other interest-bearing securities.

--- Page 159 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
21 
 
Notes to the financial statements 
 
 
Note 1  Accounting policies 
 
 
1. 
Basis for preparation .......................................................... 21 
2. 
Changed accounting policies and presentation .............. 21 
3. 
Changes in IFRSs not yet applied .................................... 21 
4. 
Critical judgements and estimation uncertainty .............. 22 
5. 
Recognition of operating income and impairment .......... 23 
6. 
Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments 
on the balance sheet .......................................................... 24 
7. 
Translation of assets and liabilities denominated in 
foreign currencies ............................................................... 24 
8. 
Hedge accounting ............................................................... 25 
9. 
Determination of fair value of financial instruments ....... 26 
10. 
Cash and balances with central banks ............................ 27 
11. 
Financial instruments ......................................................... 27 
12. 
Loans to the public/credit institutions ............................... 28 
13. 
Leasing................................................................................. 30 
14. 
Taxes .................................................................................... 30 
15. 
Provisions ............................................................................ 30 
16. 
Employee benefits .............................................................. 31 
17. 
Equity ................................................................................... 31 
18. 
Credit commitments ........................................................... 31 
19. 
Related party transactions ................................................. 31 
20. 
Exchange rates ................................................................... 31 
1. 
 Basis for preparation 
Nordea Mortgage Bank’s (“NMB”) financial statements 
are prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS) as endorsed by the EU 
Commission. In addition, certain complementary rules 
in the Finnish Accounting Act, the Finnish Credit 
Institutions Act, the Finnish Mortgage Bank Act, the 
Financial Supervision Authority’s Regulations and 
Guidelines and the Decree of the Ministry of Finance on 
the financial statements and consolidated statements of 
credit institutions and investment firms have also been 
applied.  
The disclosures, required in the standards, 
recommendations and legislation above, have been 
included in the Capital management section of the 
Board of Director’s report as well as in the notes or 
other parts of the “Financial statements”. 
On 16 February 2021 NMB’s Board of Directors 
approved the financial statements, subject to final 
approval of the Annual General Meeting on 19 February 
2021. 
NMB’s accounting policies, basis for calculations and 
presentations are unchanged in comparison with the 
Annual Report 2019, except from changed accounting 
policies and presentation described below in the section 
“Changed accounting policies and presentation”.  
2. 
Changed accounting policies and presentation 
The new accounting requirements implemented during 
2020 and their impact on NMB’s financial statements 
are described below.  
Reclassification of accrued interest on loans 
Accrued interest on loans have previously been 
presented on the line “Prepaid expenses and accrued 
income” on the balance sheet. As from 2020, accrued 
income on loans is presented together with the loans on 
the line items “Loans to credit institutions” and “Loans 
to the public” on the balance sheet. Comparative 
figures have been restated accordingly. The impact on 
the balance sheet can be found in the table below. 
31 Dec 2020 
EURm 
Old policy Change  New policy 
Loans to credit institutions 
582.5 
0.2 
582.7 
Loans to the public 
28,751.4 
12.8 
28,764.2 
Prepaid expenses and 
accrued income 
21.4 
-13.0 
8.4 
31 Dec 2019 
EURm 
Old policy Change  New policy 
Loans to credit institutions 
666.1 
0.3 
666.4 
Loans to the public 
26,719.9 
13.5 
26,733.4 
Prepaid expenses and 
accrued income 
43.4 
-13.8 
29.6 
 
Presentation of “Net interest income”  
To increase the transparency, a more granular 
presentation of net interest income has been included 
in the income statement. Negative yield on assets and 
liabilities have been separated from “Interest income 
calculated using the effective interest rate method”, 
“Other interest income” and “Interest expense” 
respectively and disclosed on separate lines. The 
comparative figures for 2019 have been restated. 
Other amended requirements 
The following new and amended standards and 
interpretations were implemented by NMB 1 January 
2020 but have not had any significant impact on the 
financial statements of NMB: 
• 
Amendments to References to the Conceptual 
Framework in IFRS Standards  
• 
Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8: Definition of 
material 
• 
Annual Improvements to IFRS 16: Leases Covid-
19 related rent concessions 
3. 
Changes in IFRSs not yet applied  
Interest rate benchmark reform – Phase 2 
The IASB has published amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 
39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16 in “Interest Rate 
Benchmark Reform – Phase 2”. Phase 2 of the IBOR 
reform includes three major areas, hedge accounting, 
modifications and disclosures. 
The amendment clarifies that hedge accounting does 
not have to be discontinued just because hedged items 
and hedging instruments are modified due to the IBOR 
reform. Hedging relationships (and related 
documentation) must be amended to reflect 
modifications to the hedged item, hedging instrument 
and hedged risk. Any valuation adjustments resulting

--- Page 160 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
22 
 
from the amendments are recognised as part of hedge 
ineffectiveness. 
It is clarified that modifications required as a direct 
consequence of the IBOR reform and made on an 
economically equivalent basis are not accounted for as 
modifications for instruments measured at amortised 
cost. For such modifications, the effective interest rate 
is amended in line with the modified cash flows. 
The amendment is effective for annual reporting periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2021 with earlier 
application permitted.  
The amendment is expected to result in that hedge 
relationships in NMB can continue as before and that 
no material modification gains or losses will be 
recognised. For this reason the amendment is not 
assessed to have any significant impact on NMB’s 
financial statements, capital adequacy or large 
exposures in the period of initial application of the 
amendments in comparison with the current situation. 
Other changes in IFRS 
The IASB has published the following new or amended 
standards that are assessed to have no significant 
impact on NMB’s financial statements, capital adequacy 
or large exposures in the period of initial application: 
• 
Amendments to IAS 1 Presentation of Financial 
Statements 
• 
Amendments to IAS 16 Property, Plant and 
Equipment 
• 
Amendments to IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent 
Liabilities and Contingent Assets 
• 
Annual improvement 2018-2020 
4. 
Critical judgements and estimation uncertainty 
The preparation of financial statements in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles requires, 
in some cases, the use of judgements and estimates by 
management. The actual outcome can later, to some 
extent, differ from the estimates and the assumptions 
made. In this section a description is made of: 
• 
the sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of 
the reporting period, that have a significant risk of 
resulting in a material adjustment to the carrying 
amount of assets and liabilities within the next 
financial year, and  
• 
the judgements made when applying accounting 
policies (apart from those involving estimations) 
that have the most significant effect on the 
amounts recognised in the financial statements. 
 
Critical judgements and estimates are in particular 
associated with: 
• 
the fair value measurement of certain financial 
instruments  
• 
the derecognition of financial assets 
• 
the impairment testing of loans to the public/credit 
institutions 
• 
the effectiveness testing of cash flow hedges  
• 
critical judgements emphasized by COVID-19. 
 
Fair value measurement of certain financial 
instruments 
NMB’s accounting policy for determining the fair value 
of financial instruments is described in section 9 
“Determination of fair value of financial instruments” 
and Note 23 “Assets and liabilities at fair value”. Critical 
judgements that have a significant impact on the 
recognised amounts for financial instruments are 
exercised when determining fair value of OTC 
derivatives and other financial instruments that lack 
quoted prices or recently observed market prices. 
Those judgements relate to the following areas: 
• 
The choice of valuation techniques.  
• 
The determination of when quoted prices fail to 
represent fair value (including the judgement of 
whether markets are active).  
• 
The construction of fair value adjustments in order 
to incorporate relevant risk factors such as credit 
risk, model risk and liquidity risk.  
• 
The judgement of which market parameters are 
observable. 
 
The critical judgements required when determining fair 
value of financial instruments that lack quoted prices or 
recently observed market prices also introduce a high 
degree of estimation uncertainty.  
In all of these instances, decisions are based upon 
professional judgement in accordance with NMB’s 
accounting and valuation policies. The fair value of 
financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value 
using a valuation technique, level 2 in the fair value 
hierarchy, was EUR 718.7m (EUR 711.5m) and EUR 
331.3m (EUR 199.0m), respectively, at the end of the 
year. Valuation adjustments (such as CVA, DVA and 
FVA) made in 2020 when determining the value of 
derivative contracts amounted to EUR -0.2m (0.3). 
Sensitivity analysis disclosures covering fair values of 
financial instruments with significant unobservable 
inputs can be found in Note 23 “Assets and liabilities at 
fair value”. 
Derecognition of financial assets 
Loans and other financial assets where cash flows are 
modified, or part of a restructuring, are derecognised, 
and a new loan recognised, if the terms and conditions 
of the new loan are substantially different from the old 
loan. NMB applies judgements to determine if the terms 
and conditions of the new loan are substantially 
different from the old loan.  
NMB considers the terms and conditions to be 
substantially different if the present value of the cash 
flows of the new loan discounted by the original interest 
rate is more than 10% different from the present value 
of the remaining expected cash flows of the old loan or 
if the modified cash flows are SPPI, but the original 
cash flows were not SPPI and vice versa. In addition, 
other qualitative factors, such as new terms that

--- Page 161 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
23 
 
substantially affects the risk profile of the loan, are also 
taken into consideration together with 10% test.  
The carrying amount of loans on the asset side of the 
balance sheet amounts to EUR 29,346.9m (EUR 
27,399.8m). 
Impairment testing of loans to the public/credit 
institutions 
NMB’s accounting policy for impairment testing of loans 
is described in section 12 “Loans to the public/credit 
institutions”. 
Management is required to exercise critical judgements 
and estimates when calculating loan impairment 
allowances. COVID-19 related critical judgements have 
been applied in the assessment of a significant increase 
in credit risk (staging) and in the application of macro 
scenarios. NMB’s total lending before impairment 
allowances was EUR 29,370.6m (EUR 27,411.5m) at 
the end of the year. For more information, see Note 11 
“Loans and impairment”. 
When calculating allowances for individually significant 
impaired loans, judgement is exercised to estimate the 
amount and timing of the expected cash flows to be 
received from the customers under different scenarios, 
including the updated estimates of any collateral value 
received. Judgement is also applied when assigning the 
likelihood of the different scenarios occurring. 
Judgement is exercised to assess when an exposure 
has experienced a significant increase in credit risk. If 
this is the case, the provision should reflect the lifetime 
expected losses, as opposed to a 12-month expected 
loss for exposures not having increased significantly in 
credit risk. Judgement is also exercised in the choice of 
modelling approaches covering other parameters used 
when calculating the expected losses, such as the 
expected lifetime used in stage 2, as well as in the 
assessment of whether the parameters based on 
historical experience are relevant for estimating future 
losses.  
The statistical model used to calculate provisions are 
based on macro-economic scenarios, which requires 
management to exercise judgement when identifying 
such scenarios and when assigning the likelihood of the 
different scenarios occurring. Judgement is also 
exercised in the assessment of the extent to which the 
parameters for the different scenarios, based on 
historical experience, are relevant for estimating future 
losses. 
Effectiveness testing of cash flow hedges 
NMB’s accounting policies for cash flow hedges are 
described in section 8 “Hedge accounting”. 
One important judgement in connection to cash flow 
hedge accounting is the choice of method used for 
effectiveness testing. 
Where NMB applies cash flow hedge accounting the 
hedging instruments used are predominantly cross 
currency interest rate swaps, which are always held at 
fair value. The currency component is designated as a 
cash flow hedge of currency risk and the interest 
component as a fair value hedge of interest rate risk. 
The hypothetical derivative method is used when 
measuring the effectiveness of these cash flow hedges, 
meaning that the change in a perfect hypothetical swap 
is used as proxy for the present value of the cumulative 
change in expected future cash flows on the hedged 
transaction (the currency component). Critical 
judgement has to be exercised when defining the 
characteristics of the perfect hypothetical swap. 
Critical judgements emphasized by COVID-19   
NMB has applied significant critical judgements in the 
preparation of 2020 Annual Report, due to the 
significant uncertainties in relation to the potential long-
term impact of COVID-19 on NMB’s financial 
statements. The area of particular importance is 
measurement of loans at amortised costs.  
Critical judgement has been applied in the assessment 
of when loans have experienced a significant increase 
in credit risk (staging) and in the application of macro 
scenarios when estimating the increase in expected 
credit losses.  
Besides the model-based impairments, management 
judgements are made to include impairments related to 
risks that are not yet captured by the IFRS 9 model. 
More information on the impairment testing of loans and 
receivables at amortised costs can be found in Note 11 
“Loans and impairment”. Information on sensitivities to 
rating and scoring migrations can be found in the 
section “Sensitivities” in Note 2 “Risk and liquidity 
management”. 
5. 
Recognition of operating income and 
impairment 
Net interest income 
Interest income and expense from financial instruments 
other than derivatives are calculated and recognised 
based on the effective interest rate method or, if 
considered appropriate, based on a method that results 
in an interest income or interest expense that is a 
reasonable approximation of using the effective interest 
rate method as basis for the calculation. The effective 
interest includes fees considered to be an integral part 
of the effective interest rate of a financial instrument 
(generally fees received as compensation for risk). The 
effective interest rate equals the rate that discounts the 
estimated future cash flows to the net carrying amount 
of the financial asset or financial liability.  
Interest income and expenses from financial 
instruments are, with the exceptions described below, 
classified as “Net interest income”. All interest income is 
calculated using the effective interest rate method. 
The interest component in foreign exchange swaps, 
and the interest paid and received in interest rate 
swaps plus changes in accrued interest, is classified as 
“Net result from items at fair value”, except for 
derivatives used for hedging, including economical 
hedges of NMB’s funding, where such components are

--- Page 162 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
24 
 
presented as other interest expense in the line item 
“Interest expense”.  
Other interest income includes the negative yield on 
liabilities and, respectively, other interest expense the 
negative yield on assets.  
Net fee and commission income 
NMB earns commission income mainly from lending 
services provided to its customers. Usually lending 
related commission income consists of fees received in 
connection to services performed to the customer after 
the loan has been entered into. These fees are usually 
compensation for administrative work performed after 
the loan has been entered into. Fee income is 
recognised either when or as performance obligations 
are satisfied.  
Lending fees that are not part of the effective interest of 
a financial instrument are recognised at a point of time 
when the transaction takes place.  
Commission expenses are normally transaction based 
and recognised in the period when the services are 
received. Expenses for bought financial guarantees, are 
amortised over the duration of the instruments and 
presented in “Fee and commission expense”.  
Initial contract costs for obtaining contracts are 
recognised as an asset and amortised if the costs are 
expected to be recovered.  
Net result from items at fair value 
Realised and unrealised gains and losses on financial 
instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss 
are recognised in the line item “Net result from items at 
fair value”. Realised and unrealised gains and losses 
derive mainly from: 
• 
Interest-bearing securities and other interest-
related instruments,  
• 
Foreign exchange gains/losses. 
 
The ineffective portion of cash flow hedges is 
recognised in “Net result from items at fair value”.  
This line item also includes realised gains and losses 
from financial instruments measured at amortised cost, 
such as interest compensation received and realised 
gains/losses on buy-backs of issued own debt. 
Losses from counterparty risk on instruments classified 
into the category Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss are recognised in “Net result from items at 
fair value”. Impairment losses from instruments within 
other categories are recognised in the item “Net loan 
losses”. 
Other operating income and other expenses 
Other operating income, not related to any other income 
line, is generally recognised when it is probable that the 
benefits associated with the transaction will flow to NMB 
and if the significant risks and rewards have been 
transferred to the buyer (generally when the 
transactions are finalised). 
Resolution fees are presented as “Other expenses” in 
the income statement.  
Net loan losses 
Impairment losses from financial assets classified into 
the category Amortised cost (see section 11 “Financial 
instruments”), in the items “Loans to credit institutions” 
and “Loans to the public” on the balance sheet, are 
reported as “Net loan losses”. Losses are reported net 
of any collateral and other credit enhancements. NMB’s 
accounting policies for the calculation of impairment 
losses on loans can be found in section 12 “Loans to 
the public/credit institutions”. 
Counterparty losses on instruments classified into the 
category Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss, are reported under “Net result from items at fair 
value”. 
6. 
Recognition and derecognition of financial 
instruments on the balance sheet 
Derivative instruments, quoted securities and foreign 
exchange spot transactions are recognised and 
derecognised (and an asset or a liability is recognised 
as “Other assets” or “Other liabilities” on the balance 
sheet between trade date and settlement date) from the 
balance sheet on the trade date. Other financial 
instruments are recognised on the balance sheet on 
settlement date. 
Financial assets, other than those for which trade date 
accounting is applied, are derecognised from the 
balance sheet when the contractual rights to the cash 
flows from the financial asset expire or are transferred 
to another party. The rights to the cash flows normally 
expire or are transferred when the counterpart has 
performed by e.g. repaying a loan to NMB, i.e. on 
settlement date. 
Loans and other financial assets where cash flows are 
modified or part of a restructuring are derecognised, 
and a new loan recognised, if the terms and conditions 
of the new loan are substantially different from the old 
loan. This is normally the case if the present value of 
the cash flows of the new loan discounted by the 
original interest rate differs more than 10% from the 
present value of the remaining expected cash flows of 
the old loan. The same principles apply to financial 
liabilities.  
Financial liabilities are derecognised from the balance 
sheet when the liability is extinguished.  
7. 
Translation of assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies 
The functional currency of NMB is euro (EUR). Foreign 
currency is defined as any currency other than the 
functional currency of the entity. Foreign currency 
transactions are recorded at the exchange rate on the 
date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the 
exchange rate on the balance sheet date.

--- Page 163 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
25 
 
Exchange differences arising on the settlement of 
transactions at rates different from those at the date of 
the transaction, and unrealised translation differences 
on unsettled foreign currency monetary assets and 
liabilities, are recognised in the income statement in the 
item “Net result from items at fair value”. 
8. 
Hedge accounting 
As a part of NMB’s risk management policy, NMB has 
identified a series of risk categories with corresponding 
hedging strategies using derivative instruments, as set 
out in Note 2 “Risk and liquidity management” (the 
Market risk section) and Note 12 “Derivatives and 
hedge accounting”. 
When a hedging relationship meets the specified hedge 
accounting criteria set out in IAS 39, NMB applies one 
of these types of hedge accounting:  
• 
Fair value hedge accounting 
• 
Cash flow hedge accounting  
 
NMB has elected, as a policy choice permitted under 
IFRS 9, to continue to apply hedge accounting in 
accordance with the carve out version of IAS 39.  
The EU carve out version enables a group of 
derivatives (or proportions thereof) to be viewed in 
combination and be designated as the hedging 
instrument. It also removes some of the limitations in 
fair value hedge accounting relating to hedging core 
deposits and under-hedging strategies.  
At inception, NMB formally documents how the hedging 
relationship meets the hedge accounting criteria, 
including the economic relationship between the 
hedged item and the hedging instrument, the nature of 
the risk, the risk management objective and strategy for 
undertaking the hedge and the method that will be used 
to assess the effectiveness of the hedging relationship 
on an ongoing basis.   
The application of hedge accounting requires the hedge 
to be highly effective. A hedge is regarded as highly 
effective if at inception and throughout its life it can be 
expected that changes in fair value of the hedged item, 
as regards the hedged risk can be essentially offset by 
changes in fair value of the hedging instrument. The 
result should be within a range of 80–125 per cent. 
Transactions that are entered into in accordance with 
NMB’s hedging objectives but do not qualify for hedge 
accounting, are economic hedge relationships. 
NMB currently applies fair value hedge accounting and 
cash flow hedge accounting. 
Fair value hedge accounting 
Fair value hedge accounting is applied when derivatives 
are hedging changes in fair value of a recognised asset 
or liability attributable to a specific risk in accordance 
with NMB’s risk management policies set out in Note 12 
“Derivatives and hedge accounting”. The risk of 
changes in fair value of assets and liabilities in NMB’s 
financial statements originates mainly from loans, 
securities and deposits with a fixed interest rate, 
causing interest rate risk. Changes in fair value from 
derivatives as well as changes in fair value of the 
hedged item attributable to the risks being hedged are 
recognised separately in the income statement in the 
item “Net result from items at fair value”. Given that the 
hedge is effective, the change in fair value of the 
hedged item and the hedging instrument will offset.  
The changes in fair value of the hedged item 
attributable to the risks hedged with the derivative 
instrument are reflected in an adjustment to the carrying 
amount of the hedged item, which is also recognised in 
the income statement. The fair value change of the 
hedged items held at amortised cost in a portfolio 
hedge of interest rate risks is reported separately from 
the portfolio in the item “Fair value changes of the 
hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk” on 
the balance sheet. 
Fair value hedge accounting in NMB is performed 
mainly on a portfolio basis. Any ineffectiveness is 
recognised in the income statement under the item “Net 
result from items at fair value”. 
Hedged items 
A hedged item in a fair value hedge can be a 
recognised single asset or liability, an unrecognised 
firm commitment, or a portion thereof. The hedged item 
can also be a group of assets, liabilities or firm 
commitments with similar risk characteristics. Hedged 
items consist of both individual assets or liabilities and 
portfolios of assets and/or liabilities.  
Hedging instruments 
The hedging instruments used in NMB are 
predominantly interest rate swaps and cross currency 
interest rate swaps, which are always held at fair value.  
Hedge effectiveness 
When assessing hedge effectiveness retrospectively 
NMB measures the fair value of the hedging 
instruments and compares the change in fair value of 
the hedging instrument to the change in fair value of the 
hedged item. The effectiveness measurement is made 
on a cumulative basis.  
If the hedging relationship does not fulfil the hedge 
accounting requirements, hedge accounting is 
discontinued. For fair value hedges the hedging 
instrument is measured at fair value through profit and 
loss and the change in the fair value of the hedged 
item, up to the point when the hedge relationship is 
terminated, is amortised to the income statement on a 
straight-line basis over the remaining maturity of the 
hedged item. 
Hedge ineffectiveness can arise from:  
• 
Differences in timing of cash flows of hedged items 
and hedging instruments 
• 
Different interest rate curves applied to discount 
the hedged items and hedging instruments 
• 
The effect of changes in NMB’s or a counterparty’s 
credit risk on the fair value of the hedging 
instrument or hedged items

--- Page 164 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
26 
 
• 
Disparity between expected and actual 
prepayments of the loan portfolio 
 
Cash flow hedge accounting 
In accordance with NMB’s risk management policies set 
out in Note 2 “Risk and liquidity management” (the 
Market risk section) and Note 12 “Derivatives and 
hedge accounting”, cash flow hedge accounting is 
applied when hedging the variability in future interest 
payments on instruments with variable interest rates 
and for the hedging of currency exposures. The portion 
of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument, that is 
determined to be an effective hedge, is recognised in 
other comprehensive income and accumulated in the 
cash flow hedge reserve in equity. The ineffective 
portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is 
recycled to the item “Net result from items at fair value” 
in the income statement.  
Gains or losses on hedging instruments recognised in 
the cash flow hedge reserve in equity through other 
comprehensive income are recycled and recognised in 
the income statement in the same period as the hedged 
item affects profit or loss, normally in the period that 
interest income or interest expense is recognised. 
Hedged items 
A hedged item in a cash flow hedge can be highly 
probable floating interest rate cash flows from 
recognised assets or liabilities or from future assets or 
liabilities. NMB uses cash flow hedges when hedging 
currency risk in future payments of interest and principal 
in foreign currency and when hedging interest rate risk 
in lending with floating interest rates. 
Hedging instruments 
The hedging instruments used in NMB are 
predominantly cross currency interest rate swaps, 
which are always held at fair value, where the currency 
component is designated as a cash flow hedge of 
currency risk and the interest component as a fair value 
hedge of interest rate risk. When hedging the interest 
rate risk in lending with floating interest rates NMB uses 
interest rate derivatives as hedging instruments, which 
are always held at fair value. 
Hedge effectiveness 
The hypothetical derivative method is used when 
measuring the effectiveness retrospectively of cash flow 
hedges, meaning that the change in a perfect 
hypothetical swap is used as proxy for the present 
value of the cumulative change in expected future cash 
flows from the hedged transaction (the currency 
component).  
If the hedging relationship does not fulfil the hedge 
accounting requirements, the hedge accounting is 
discontinued. Changes in the unrealised value of the 
hedging instrument will prospectively from the last time 
it was proven effective be accounted for in the income 
statement. The cumulative gain or loss on the hedging 
instrument that has been recognised in the cash flow 
hedge reserve in equity through other comprehensive 
income from the period when the hedge was effective is 
reclassified from equity to “Net result from items at fair 
value” in the income statement if the expected 
transaction is no longer expected to occur.  
If the expected transaction no longer is highly probable, 
but is still expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss 
on the hedging instrument that has been recognised in 
other comprehensive income from the period when the 
hedge was effective remains in other comprehensive 
income until the transaction occurs or is no longer 
expected to occur. 
The possible sources of ineffectiveness for cash flow 
hedges are generally the same as for those for fair 
value hedges described above. However, for cash flow 
hedges, prepayment risk is less relevant, and the 
causes of hedging ineffectiveness arise from the 
changes in the timing and the amount of forecast future 
cash flows.  
9. 
Determination of fair value of financial 
instruments 
Fair value is defined as the price that at the 
measurement date would be received to sell an asset 
or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction 
between market participants under current market 
conditions in the principal market for the asset or 
liability or, in the absence of a principal market, in the 
most advantageous market for the asset or liability. 
The existence of published price quotations in an active 
market is the best evidence of fair value and when they 
exist they are used to measure financial assets and 
financial liabilities. An active market for the asset or 
liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or 
liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to 
provide pricing information on an on-going basis. The 
absolute level for liquidity and volume required for a 
market to be considered active vary with the instrument 
classes. For some classes low price volatility is seen, 
also for those instruments within the class where the 
trade frequency is high. For instruments in such a class 
the liquidity requirements are lower and, 
correspondingly, the age limit for the prices used for 
establishing fair value is higher. 
The trade frequency and volume are monitored 
regularly in order to assess if markets are active or non-
active. NMB is predominantly using published price 
quotations to establish fair value for items disclosed 
under the following balance sheet items: 
• 
Derivatives (listed). 
 
If quoted prices for a financial instrument fail to 
represent actual and regularly occurring market 
transactions or if quoted prices are not available, fair 
value is established by using an appropriate valuation 
technique. The adequacy of the valuation technique, 
including an assessment of whether to use quoted 
prices or theoretical prices, is monitored on a regular 
basis.

--- Page 165 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
27 
 
Valuation techniques can range from simple discounted 
cash flow analysis to complex option pricing models. 
Valuation models are designed to apply observable 
market prices and rates as input whenever possible but 
can also make use of unobservable model parameters. 
The adequacy of the valuation model is assessed by 
measuring its capability to hit market prices. This is 
done by comparison of calculated prices to relevant 
benchmark data, e.g. quoted prices from exchanges, 
the counterparty’s valuations, price data from 
consensus services etc. 
NMB is predominantly using valuation techniques to 
establish fair value for items disclosed under the 
following balance sheet items: 
• 
Derivatives (OTC-derivatives). 
 
For financial instruments, where fair value is estimated 
by a valuation technique, it is investigated whether the 
variables used in the valuation model are predominantly 
based on data from observable markets. By data from 
observable markets, NMB considers data that can be 
collected from generally available external sources and 
where this data is judged to represent realistic market 
prices. If non-observable data has a significant impact 
on the valuation, the instrument cannot be recognised 
initially at the fair value estimated by the valuation 
technique and any upfront gains are thereby deferred 
and amortised through the income statement over the 
contractual life of the instrument. The deferred upfront 
gains are subsequently released to income if the non-
observable data becomes observable. 
Note 23 “Assets and liabilities at fair value” provides a 
breakdown of fair values of financial instruments 
measured on the basis of: 
• 
quoted prices in active markets for the same 
instrument (level 1),   
• 
valuation technique using observable data (level 2), 
and   
• 
valuation technique using non-observable data 
(level 3). 
 
The valuation models applied by NMB are consistent 
with accepted economic methodologies for pricing 
financial instruments and incorporate the factors that 
market participants consider when setting a price. 
New valuation models are subject to approval by the 
Model Risk Committee of Nordea Bank Abp and all 
models are reviewed on a regular basis. 
For further information, see Note 23 “Assets and 
liabilities at fair value”. 
10. Cash and balances with central banks 
Cash comprises legal tender and bank notes. Balances 
with central banks consist of deposits in accounts with 
central banks and postal giro systems under 
government authority, where the following conditions 
are fulfilled: 
• 
The central bank or the postal giro system is 
domiciled in Finland 
• 
The balance is readily available at any time. 
11. Financial instruments 
Classification of financial instruments 
Each financial instrument has been classified into one 
of the following categories: 
Financial assets: 
• 
Amortised cost 
• 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss: 
- 
Mandatorily measured at fair value through 
profit and loss 
 
Financial liabilities: 
• 
Amortised cost 
• 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or 
loss: 
Mandatorily measured at fair value through 
profit and loss  
The classification of a financial asset is dependent on 
the business model for the portfolio where the 
instrument is included and on whether the cash flows 
are solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI). 
Financial assets with cash flows that are not solely 
payments of principle and interest (SPPI) are measured 
at fair value through profit and loss. All other assets are 
classified based on the business model. Instruments 
included in a portfolio with a business model where the 
intention is to keep the instruments and collect 
contractual cash flows are measured at amortised cost. 
Financial assets included in any other business model 
are measured at fair value through profit and loss.  
In order to assess the business model, NMB has 
divided its financial assets into portfolios and/or sub-
portfolios based on how groups of financial assets are 
managed together to achieve a particular business 
objective. To derive the right level on which portfolios 
are determined, NMB has taken the current business 
area structure into account. When determining the 
business model for each portfolio, NMB has analysed 
the objective with the financial assets, as well as, for 
instance past sales behaviour and management 
compensation.  
All financial assets and liabilities are initially measured 
at fair value. The classification of financial instruments 
into different categories forms the basis for how each 
instrument is subsequently measured on the balance 
sheet and how changes in its value are recognised.  
Amortised cost 
Financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised 
cost are initially recognised on the balance sheet at fair 
value, including transaction costs. Subsequent to initial 
recognition, the instruments within this category are 
measured at amortised cost. In an amortised cost 
measurement, the difference between acquisition cost 
and redemption value is amortised in the income 
statement over the remaining term using the effective

--- Page 166 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
28 
 
interest rate method. Amortised cost is defined as the 
amount at which the financial asset or financial liability 
is measured at initial recognition minus the principal 
repayments plus or minus the cumulative amortisation 
using the effective interest method of any difference 
between that initial amount and the maturity amount 
and, for financial assets, adjusted for any loss 
allowance. For more information about the effective 
interest rate method see Note 1 section 5, “Net interest 
income”. For information about impairment under IFRS 
9, see section 12 below.  
Interest on assets and liabilities classified at amortised 
cost is recognised in the items “Interest income” and 
“Interest expense” in the income statement.  
This category mainly consists of loans to credit 
institutions and public. 
Financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss 
Financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss are measured at fair value, 
excluding transaction costs. All changes in fair values 
are recognised directly in the income statement in the 
line item “Net result from items at fair value”. 
The category consists of two sub-categories: 
mandatorily measured at fair value through profit and 
loss and designated at fair value through profit or loss 
(fair value option). 
The sub-category mandatorily measured at fair value 
through profit and loss contains derivative instruments. 
Derivatives 
All derivatives are recognised on the balance sheet and 
measured at fair value. Derivatives with total positive 
fair values, including any accrued interest, are 
recognised as assets in the item “Derivatives” on the 
asset side. Derivatives with total negative fair values, 
including any accrued interest, are recognised as 
liabilities in the item “Derivatives” on the liability side. 
Realised and unrealised gains and losses from 
derivatives are recognised in the income statement in 
the item “Net result from items at fair value”. 
Offsetting of financial assets and liabilities 
NMB offsets financial assets and liabilities on the 
balance sheet if there is a legal right to offset, in the 
ordinary course of business and in case of default, 
bankruptcy and insolvency of NMB and the 
counterparties, and if the intent is to settle the items net 
or realise the asset and settle the liability 
simultaneously.  
Exchanged traded derivatives are generally accounted 
for as settled on a daily basis when cash is paid or 
received and the instrument is reset to market terms. 
Issued debt and equity instruments 
A financial instrument issued by NMB is either classified 
as a financial liability or equity. Issued financial 
instruments are classified as a financial liability if the 
contractual arrangement results in NMB having a 
present obligation to either deliver cash or another 
financial asset, or a variable number of equity 
instruments to the holder of the instrument. If this is not 
the case, the instrument is generally an equity 
instrument and classified as equity, net of transaction 
costs. Where issued financial instruments contain both 
liability and equity components, these are accounted for 
separately. 
Covered bonds issued by NMB are presented in the 
line item “Debt securities in issue” on the balance 
sheet. 
12. Loans to the public/credit institutions 
Scope 
Financial instruments classified as Amortised cost or 
Fair value through other comprehensive income are in 
scope for recognising impairment due to credit risk. 
This includes assets recognised on the balance sheet 
as “Loans to credit institutions” and “Loans to the 
public”. These balance sheet lines also include assets 
classified as Fair value through profit or loss, which are 
not in scope for impairment calculations. See section 11 
above and Note 22 on “Classification of financial 
instruments”. 
Off-balance sheet commitments, contingent liabilities 
and loan commitments are also in scope for impairment 
calculations. 
Recognition and presentation 
Amortised cost assets are recognised gross with an 
offsetting allowance for the expected credit losses if the 
loss is not regarded as final. The allowance account is 
disclosed net on the face of the balance sheet, but the 
allowance account is disclosed separately in the notes. 
Changes in the allowance account are recognised in 
the income statement and classified as “Net loan 
losses”. 
If the impairment loss is regarded as final, it is reported 
as a realised loss and the carrying amount of the loan 
and the related allowance for impairment loss are 
derecognised. An impairment loss is regarded as final 
when the obligor is filed for bankruptcy and the 
administrator has declared the economic outcome of 
the bankruptcy procedure, or when NMB forgives its 
claims either through a legal based or voluntary 
reconstruction, or when NMB, for other reasons, deem 
it unlikely that the claim will be recovered.  
Provisions for off-balance sheet exposures are 
classified as “Provisions” on the balance sheet, with 
changes in provisions classified as “Net loan losses”. 
Assets classified as Fair value through other 
comprehensive income are recognised at fair value on 
the balance sheet. Impairment losses calculated in 
accordance with IFRS 9 are recognised in the income 
statement and classified as “Net result from items at fair 
value”. Any fair value adjustments are recognised in 
“Other comprehensive income”. 
Impairment testing  
NMB classifies all exposures into stages on an 
individual basis. Stage 1 includes assets where there

--- Page 167 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
29 
 
has been no significant increase in credit risk since 
initial recognition, stage 2 includes assets where there 
has been a significant increase in credit risk and stage 
3 includes defaulted assets. NMB monitors whether 
there are indicators of exposures being credit impaired 
(stage 3) by identifying events that have a detrimental 
impact on the estimated future cash flows (loss event). 
NMB applies the same definition of default as the 
Capital Requirements Regulation. More information on 
the identification of loss events can be found in Note 2 
“Risk and liquidity management”. Exposures without 
individually calculated allowances will be covered by the 
model-based impairment calculation. 
For significant exposures that have been individually 
identified as credit impaired, the measurement of the 
impairment loss is made on an individual basis. The 
carrying amount of the exposure is compared with the 
sum of the net present value of expected future cash 
flows. If the carrying amount is higher, the difference is 
recognised as an impairment loss. The expected cash 
flows are discounted with the original effective interest 
rate and include the fair value of the collaterals and 
other credit enhancements. The estimate is based on 
three different forward-looking scenarios that are 
probability weighted to derive the net present value. 
For insignificant exposures that have been individually 
identified as credit impaired, the impairment loss is 
measured using the collective model described below 
but based on the fact that the exposures are already in 
default.  
Model-based allowance calculation 
For exposures not impaired on an individual basis, a 
statistical model is used for calculating impairment 
losses. The provisions are calculated as the exposure 
at default times the probability of default times the loss 
given default. For assets in stage 1 this calculation is 
only based on the coming 12 months, while it for assets 
in stage 2 and 3 are based on the expected lifetime of 
the asset.  
The provisions for exposures where there has been no 
significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition 
are based on the 12-month expected loss (stage 1). 
Provisions for exposures where there has been a 
significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, 
but that are not credit impaired, are based on the 
lifetime expected losses (stage 2). This is also the case 
for the insignificant credit impaired exposures in stage 
3. 
NMB uses two different models to identify whether there 
has been a significant increase in credit risk or not. 
Internal rating/scoring information is used to assess the 
risk of the customers and a deterioration in 
rating/scoring indicates an increase in the credit risk of 
the customer. NMB has concluded it is not possible to 
calculate the lifetime Probability of Defaults (PD) at 
origination without the use of hindsight for assets 
already recognised on the balance sheet at transition. 
Changes to the lifetime PD are used as the trigger for 
assets recognised after transition. 
For assets evaluated based on lifetime PDs, NMB uses 
a mix of absolute and relative changes in PD as the 
transfer criterion: 
• 
Retail customers with an initial 12-month PD below 
1%: 
Exposures with a relative increase in lifetime PD 
above 100% and an absolute increase in 12-month 
PD above 45 bps are transferred to stage 2.  
• 
Retail customers with an initial 12-month PD above 
or equal to 1%: 
Exposures with a relative increase in lifetime PD 
above 100% or an absolute increase in 12-month 
PD above 300 bps are transferred to stage 2.  
• 
Non-Retail customers with an initial 12-month PD 
below 0.5%: 
Exposures with a relative increase in lifetime PD 
above 150% and an absolute increase in 12-month 
PD above 20 bps are transferred to stage 2.  
• 
Non-Retail customers with an initial 12-month PD 
above or equal to 0.5%: 
Exposures with a relative increase in lifetime PD 
above 150% or an absolute increase in 12-month 
PD above 400 bps are transferred to stage 2. 
For assets where rating and scoring models are used, 
the change in rating/scoring notches is calibrated to 
match the significant increase in credit risk based on 
lifetime PD. In addition, customers with forbearance 
measures and customers with payments more than 
thirty days past due are also transferred to stage 2, 
unless already identified as credit impaired (stage 3). 
Exposures more than 90 days past due will normally be 
classified as stage 3, but this classification will be 
rebutted if there is evidence that the customer is not in 
default. Such exposures will be classified as stage 2. 
When calculating provisions, including the staging 
assessment, the calculation is based on probability 
weighted forward looking information. NMB applies 
three macro-economic scenarios to address the non-
linearity in expected credit losses. The different 
scenarios are used to adjust the relevant parameters 
for calculating expected losses and a probability 
weighted average of the expected losses under each 
scenario is recognised as provisions. The model is 
based on data collected before the reporting date, 
which require NMB to identify events that should affect 
the provisions after the data is sourced to the model 
calculation. Management evaluates these events and 
adjusts the provisions if deemed necessary. 
Write-offs 
A write-off is a de-recognition of a loan or receivable 
from the balance sheet and a final realisation of a credit 
loss provision. When assets are considered as 
uncollectable they should be written off as soon as 
possible, regardless of whether the legal claim remains 
or not. A write-off can take place before legal actions 
against the borrower to recover the debt have been 
concluded in full. Although an uncollectable asset is 
removed or written-off from the balance sheet, the 
customer remains legally obligated to pay the 
outstanding debt. When assessing the recoverability of

--- Page 168 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
30 
 
non-performing loans and determining if write-offs are 
required, exposures with the following characteristics 
are in particular focus (list not exhaustive): 
• 
Exposures past due more than 90 days. If, 
following this assessment, an exposure or part of 
an exposure is deemed as unrecoverable, it is 
written-off. 
• 
Exposures under insolvency procedure where the 
collateralisation of the exposure is low. 
• 
Exposures where legal expenses are expected to 
absorb proceeds from the bankruptcy procedure 
and therefore estimated recoveries are expected to 
be low. 
• 
A partial write-off may be warranted where there is 
reasonable financial evidence to demonstrate an 
inability of the borrower to repay the full amount, 
i.e. a significant level of debt which cannot be 
reasonably demonstrated to be recoverable 
following forbearance treatment and/or the 
execution of collateral. 
• 
Restructuring cases. 
Discount rate 
The discount rate used to measure impairment is the 
original effective interest rate for loans attached to an 
individual customer or, if applicable, to a group of loans. 
If considered appropriate, the discount rate can be 
based on a method that results in an impairment that is 
a reasonable approximation of using the effective 
interest rate method as basis for the calculation. 
Restructured loans and modifications 
In this context a restructured loan is defined as a loan 
where NMB has granted concessions to the obligor due 
to its financial difficulties and where this concession has 
resulted in an impairment loss for NMB. After a 
reconstruction the loan is normally regarded as not 
impaired if it performs according to the new conditions. 
In the event of a recovery the payment is reported as a 
recovery of loan losses.  
Modifications of the contractual cash flows for loans to 
customers in financial distress (forbearance) reduce the 
gross carrying amount of the loan. Normally this 
reduction is less than the existing provision and no loss 
is recognised in the income statement due to 
modifications. If significant, the gross amounts (loan 
and allowance) are reduced. 
13. Leasing 
NMB as lessee 
At inception NMB assesses whether a contract is or 
contains a lease. A lease is a contract that conveys the 
user the right to control the use of an asset for a period 
of time in exchange for consideration.  
The right to use an asset in a lease contract is 
recognised on the commencement date as a right-of-
use (ROU) asset and the obligation to pay lease 
payments is recognised as a lease liability   
In NMB leases are related to company cars. The leased 
company cars are presented in the line item, 
“Properties and equipment”. The lease payments 
generally include fixed payments. The lease term is the 
expected lease term. This comprises the non-
cancellable period of lease contracts. 
14. Taxes 
The item “Income tax expense” in the income statement 
comprises current- and deferred income tax. The 
income tax expense is recognised in the income 
statement, except to the extent that the tax effect 
relates to items recognised in other comprehensive 
income or directly in equity, in which case the tax effect 
is recognised in other comprehensive income or in 
equity respectively.  
Current tax is the tax expense on the taxable income 
for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively 
enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to 
tax payable in respect of previous years. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised, using 
the balance sheet method, for temporary differences 
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities 
for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used 
for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not recognised for 
temporary differences arising on initial recognition of 
assets or liabilities in a transaction.  
Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are 
expected to be applied to the temporary differences 
when they reverse, based on the laws that have been 
enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted. A 
deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that 
it is probable that future taxable profits will be available 
against which the temporary differences, tax losses 
carry forward and unused tax credits can be utilised. 
Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date 
and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer 
probable that the related tax benefit will be realised.  
Current tax assets and current tax liabilities are offset 
when the legal right to offset exists and NMB intends to 
either settle the tax asset and the tax liability net or to 
recover the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. 
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset 
if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax 
assets and current tax liabilities. 
15. Provisions 
Provision (which are presented as a liability) are 
recognised when NMB has a present obligation (legal 
or constructive) as a result of a past event if it is 
probable (i.e. more likely than not) that an outflow of 
resources embodying economic benefits will be 
required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate 
can be made of the amount of the obligation.  
The amount recognised as a provision is the best 
estimate of the expenditure required to settle the 
present obligation at the end of the reporting period.

--- Page 169 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
31 
 
16. Employee benefits 
All forms of consideration given by NMB to its 
employees as compensation for services performed are 
employee benefits. Short-term benefits are to be settled 
within twelve months after the reporting period when the 
services were performed. Post-employment benefits are 
benefits payable after the termination of the 
employment. Post-employment benefits at NMB consist 
only of pensions. Termination benefits arise if an 
employment is terminated before the normal retirement 
date, or if the employee accepts an offer of voluntary 
redundancy. 
Short-term benefits 
Short term benefits mainly consist of fixed and variable 
salary. Both fixed and variable salaries are expensed in 
the period when the employees performed their 
services to NMB.  
More information can be found in Note 7 “Staff costs”. 
Post-employment benefits 
Pension plans 
For defined contribution plans, NMB pays annual 
contributions that have been determined by a fixed 
method and has no legal or constructive obligation to 
pay any further contributions. Contributions are 
recognised directly in the income statement in the year 
to which they relate. 
 
NMB operates one defined benefit plan which is closed 
for new employees. The defined benefit pension plan is 
non-funded pension plan and is recognised as 
“Retirement benefit obligation“. 
 
Actuarial calculations including the projected unit credit 
method are applied to assess the present value of 
defined benefit obligations and related costs, based on 
several actuarial and financial assumptions.  
When establishing the present value of the obligation 
and the fair value of any plan assets, remeasurement 
effects may arise as a result of changes in actuarial 
assumptions and experience effects (actual outcome 
compared to assumptions). The remeasurement effects 
are recognised immediately in equity through other 
comprehensive income.  
In Finland the discount rate is determined with 
reference to corporate bonds. 
17. Equity 
Other reserves 
Other reserves comprise of invested unrestricted 
reserve, fair value reserve for cash flow hedges and 
accumulated remeasurements of defined benefit 
pension plans. 
Retained earnings 
Retained earnings include the undistributed profit from 
previous years. 
18. Credit commitments 
The contractual amount of irrevocable credit 
commitments is recognised in the off-balance item 
“Commitments”. 
19. Related party transactions 
NMB defines related parties as:  
• 
Shareholders with control over NMB  
• 
Group undertakings  
• 
Key management personnel  
• 
Other related parties. 
 
All transactions with related parties are made on an 
arm’s length basis, apart from loans granted to 
employees, see Note 7 “Staff costs”. 
Shareholders with control over NMB 
Nordea Bank Abp is the sole shareholder, having 100% 
ownership and control over NMB. 
Group undertakings 
Nordea Group undertakings means the subsidiaries of 
the parent company Nordea Bank Abp.  
Group internal transactions between legal entities are 
performed according to arm’s length principles in 
conformity with OECD requirements on transfer pricing. 
These transactions are eliminated in the consolidated 
accounts. 
Key management personnel 
Key management personnel include the following 
positions:  
• 
The Board of Directors of Nordea Mortgage Bank 
Plc and Nordea Bank Abp  
• 
The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Nordea 
Mortgage Bank Plc and the deputy to the CEO 
• 
Management Group of Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc. 
 
For information about compensation, pensions and 
other transactions with key management personnel, 
see Note 7 “Staff costs”.  
Other related parties 
Other related parties comprise close family members to 
individuals in key management personnel. Other related 
parties also include companies significantly influenced 
by key management personnel in NMB as well as 
companies significantly controlled by close family 
members to these key management personnel.  
Information concerning transactions between NMB and 
other related parties is found in Note 26 “Related party 
transactions”. 
20. Exchange rates  
End of year rates as at 31 December 2020 
EUR 
1.00000 
USD 
1.22675 
GBP 
0.89805 
CHF 
1.08040 
DKK 
7.44050 
SEK 10.02200 
NOK 
10.47025

--- Page 170 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
32 
Note 2 Risk and liquidity management 
 
Maintaining risk awareness in the organisation is engrained in the business strategies. NMB has defined clear risk, liquidity and 
capital management frameworks, including policies and instructions for different risk types, capital adequacy and capital 
structure. 
 
Risks associated with NMB’s business 
All companies that conduct business are exposed to various risks. In this business, a number of critical risks have been identified, 
and must be managed efficiently. Several risks cannot be eliminated; they are inherent in the business and are fundamental to 
the ability to conduct the business operations. For NMB, the most significant financial risks are credit, market and liquidity risks, 
while the most significant non-financial risks are operational risks, including compliance risks. 
Covid-19 has been a major risk factor over the course of 2020 leading to increased volatility in markets and reduced liquidity in 
wholesale funding at the outset of the global lockdown. In addition, with anticipation of the impacts on the broader economy, 
banks made large increases in loan loss provisions with NMB being no exception.  
In response to the impact of Covid-19 on the economy, Central Banks and regulatory bodies reacted strongly with regulators 
reducing capital requirements through the so called Capital Requirement Regulation (CRR) “Quick Fix”. Central Banks cut interest 
rates, increased their quantitative easing (QE) activities and offered long-term financing facilities at low rates. 
 
Risk management 
The majority of NMB’s business is conducted by the parent company so, respectively, the majority of NMB’s risk management is 
integrated with that of the Nordea Group.  
The Group Board has the ultimate responsibility for limiting and monitoring Nordea Group’s risk exposure as well as for setting 
the targets for the capital ratios. Risk is measured and reported according to common principles and policies approved by the 
Group Board. Further, the Group Board decides on Nordea Internal Rules for credit risk, counterparty credit risk, market risk, 
liquidity risk, business risk, operational risk, as well  as the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP) and the 
Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process (ILAAP). All Nordea Internal Rules are reviewed at least annually. 
To protect its balance sheet, NMB increased its loan loss provisions in the first half of the year. With its strong financial position 
NMB is able to continue to actively support its customers during this challenging time. In order to continuously monitor potential 
adverse outcomes, NMB has executed a number of internal stress tests during 2020 with focus on the Covid-19 situation. In 
these stress tests, NMB’s capital and liquidity situation has shown good resilience even in the most severe scenarios.   
The risks to which NMB is exposed shall reflect the business strategy and NMB’s long-term financial interests. They shall be 
consistent with NMB’s capacity for risk-taking and remain within the risk profile established by the Board of Directors of NMB 
(“NMB Board”) through its risk appetite.  
The objective of the risk management in NMB is the efficient monitoring of risk exposure and verifying that the exposure is kept 
within the limits set by the risk appetite. Risk appetite and risk exposure shall be kept at a level that takes account of NMB’s ability 
to absorb losses and is therefore closely linked to the capital structure management of NMB. 
The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Nordea Mortgage Bank is responsible for the daily operations. NMB’s Chief Risk Officer 
(CRO) and Management Group have the task of ensuring that the proposed risk exposures and the risk appetite proposed in the 
Group are neither harmful nor inappropriate for NMB’s specific business, and of taking sufficient measures if they are assessed 
as being harmful or inappropriate. Group Board Directives/Group CEO Instructions are adjusted to NMB level in order to comply 
with all applicable requirements under EU and national regulations and proportionality considerations. 
NMB Board has the ultimate and overall responsibility for the company and defines, oversees and is accountable for the 
implementation of the governance arrangements within NMB that ensure effective and prudent management of the institution. 
Furthermore, NMB Board approve capital injections, the risk strategy and the most significant risk limits, following proposals put 
forward by the company management and applicable committees in Nordea Group. 
Board Risk Committee (BRIC) shall assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities concerning management and control 
of the risks, risk frameworks, controls and processes associated with NMB’s operations, including credit, market, liquidity, 
business, operational risk, conduct and compliance, as well as related frameworks and processes.  
The company operates in three lines of defence. The first line of defence is all other functions in NMB, except the functions 
described below. The second line of defence consists of the CRO function responsible for the risk management framework and 
processes; and Compliance responsible for monitoring compliance with internal and external rules. The third line of defence 
consists of Internal Audit.  
The second line of defence is independent of and controls the first line of defence. The third line of defence is independent of 
and controls the first and second lines. Together, the second and third lines of defence form the internal control functions, which 
have access and provide reporting directly to NMB Board. The CRO function is headed by the Chief Risk Officer and seconded 
by the Senior Operational Risk Officer.

--- Page 171 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
33 
Note 2 Risk and liquidity management, cont. 
 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk of NMB being able to meet liquidity commitments only at increased costs or, ultimately, being unable to 
meet obligations as they fall due. Liquidity risk in NMB is mainly associated with funding the operations through borrowings from 
the market and Nordea Bank Abp. 
According to outsourcing agreements Nordea’s Group Treasury & Asset Liability Management (“TALM”) is responsible for 
managing NMB’s liquidity. TALM performs this according to the Group Internal Rules and the risk strategy and risk limits set by 
NMB. The responsibility is regulated through outsourcing agreements. Liquidity risk management is integrated into the Group’s 
liquidity risk management so as to create efficiency for the Group as a whole. Policy statements stipulate that the company’s 
liquidity management reflects a conservative attitude towards liquidity risk.  
TALM and Group Risk & Compliance (GRC) are responsible for identifying, controlling and reporting the progression of risks. 
Liquidity-risk-related risk appetite limits are approved by the NMB Board. To ensure funding in situations where the company is 
in urgent need of cash and the normal funding sources do not suffice, NMB holds a liquidity buffer. NMB’s liquid assets consist 
of central bank deposits. 
NMB’s cash flows are very predictable due to the nature of the business. The main short-term liquidity risk relates to covered 
bond maturities. Internal survival horizon metric is monitored, which shows the survival horizon in days or months, given the 
current liquidity buffer. The main sources for liquidity are covered bonds issued by the company and funding from Nordea Bank 
Abp. 
The liquidity coverage ratio is a legal requirement, which in principle is calculated by dividing cash inflow within the liquidity 
window by cash outflow. A liquidity coverage ratio above 100% means the company holds excess liquidity. The liquidity coverage 
ratio limit is set, which ensures the liquidity buffer is increased prior to bond maturity entering the liquidity window.  
The net stable funding ratio (NSFR) relates the bank’s available stable funding to its required stable funding and the ratio must 
equal or exceed 100%.  
At the end of 2020 the internal survival horizon for NMB was 195 days (406), liquidity coverage ratio was 4,549% (158) and the 
net stable funding ratio was 108.3% (121.3). A maturity analysis is presented in Note 25 “Maturity analysis for assets and 
liabilities”. 
 
Capital management 
NMB strives to be efficient in its use of capital and therefore actively manages its balance sheet with respect to different asset, 
liability and risk categories. The goal is to enhance returns to shareholder while maintaining a prudent capital structure. The Board 
of Directors of NMB decides ultimately on the targets for capital ratios, capital policy and the overall framework of capital 
management. 
Minimum targets for Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio, Tier 1 capital ratio, total capital ratio and leverage ratio, that 
exceed the capital requirements set out by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority, have been set by the Board of Directors 
of NMB.  
NMB uses internal rating based (IRB) approach for the majority of its exposures. At the end of 2020, 99.5% (99.3) of the 
company’s total credit risk exposures were covered by the IRB approach.  
NMB bases the internal capital requirements under the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP) on the minimum 
capital requirements and on internally identified risks. The following major risk types are included in the assessment of the internal 
capital requirement for the company: credit risk, operational risk, concentration risk and Pillar II risks, such as Interest Rate in the 
Banking Book and a stress test add-on. 
Subordinated loans 
At the end of 2020 NMB had a dated subordinated debenture loan with a nominal value of EUR 200m (200).  
Own funds 
Own funds is the sum of Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital. Tier 1 capital consists of both Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) and additional 
Tier 1 capital. CET1 capital is considered to be capital of the highest quality with ultimate loss-absorbance characteristics and 
consists predominately of paid-in capital and retained earnings. Profit may only be included after permission from the financial 
supervisory authority and after deduction of proposed dividend. Additional Tier 2 capital consists mostly of subordinated loans 
from Nordea Bank Abp. 
Credit risk management 
The risks in NMB’s business are mainly attributable to credit risk. Credit risk occurs when a counterparty cannot or will not honour 
its payment obligations and pledged collateral does not suffice to cover the liability. Risks related to changes in the company’s 
prospects of getting back funds invested in loans and other receivables from counterparties are risks which are inherent in the 
business operations. Negative changes to the credit quality of the company’s borrowers and counterparties due to a general 
economic decline or systemic risks in the financial system, or due to declining collateral values, have a negative impact on the 
value of the company’s assets. In such a situation, a necessary increase to the company’s provisions for expected loan losses 
and realised loan losses, beyond provisioning already made, would have a considerable negative impact on the company’s 
business, financial position and earnings. 
Business areas of the Nordea Group have, together with Group Credit Risk Management, the primary responsibility for managing 
the credit risks in its operations within the established framework and limits, including risk identification, control and reporting. 
NMB’s credit exposures comprise lending to corporates, supplied by Large Corporates & Institutions and Business Banking 
Finland, and lending to households provided by Private Banking and Personal Banking Finland. The responsibility for managing 
credit risk is regulated in outsourcing agreements between NMB and Nordea Bank Abp.

--- Page 172 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
34 
Note 2 Risk and liquidity management, cont. 
 
Group Risk & Compliance, as a second line of defence unit, is responsible for the overarching credit process í.e. guidelines, 
instructions and Nordea Internal Rules. GRC is also responsible for controlling and monitoring the quality of the credit portfolio 
and the credit process.  
Within NMB, credit quality and adherence to guidelines, instructions and directives is monitored based on reporting from the 
Nordea Group and supplemented with controls performed by NMB’s own staff. Reports are provided to the Management Group, 
BRIC and to the Board of Directors. 
 
Customer classification 
Rating and scoring are the main components in the risk management system for credit risk. The common denominator for the 
rating/scoring models is the ability to rank customers and predict insolvency. While the rating models are used for corporate 
customers, scoring models are used for household customers and smaller companies. Ratings are normally assigned in 
connection with limit/credit proposals or annual reviews and are approved by the credit committees. Scoring models are purely 
statistical methods used to predict the probability of default among customers.  
 
Credit risk exposure 
NMB continuously reviews the quality of the credit exposures based on reporting from the Nordea Group and NMB internal 
controls. Weak and impaired exposures are closely and continuously monitored and reviewed by Business areas at least on a 
quarterly basis in terms of current performance, business outlook, future debt servicing capacity and the possible need for 
provisions.  
Exposures with provisions are considered as impaired. The size of the provision is equal to the estimated loss, being the 
difference between the book value of the outstanding exposure and the discounted value of the future cash flow, including the 
value of pledged collateral. Impaired exposures can be either servicing or non-servicing.  
 
Maximum exposure to credit risk 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2019 
EURm 
Note 
Amortised cost 
and Fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income 
Financial 
assets at 
fair value 
through 
profit or 
loss  
Amortised cost 
and Fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income 
Financial 
assets at 
fair value 
through 
profit or 
loss  
Loans to central banks and credit institutions 
11 
582.7 
- 
666.4 
- 
Loans to the public 
11 
28,764.2 
- 
26,733.4 
- 
Derivatives 
12 
- 
858.2 
- 
711.5 
Off balance sheet items 
396.2 
- 
334.4 
- 
Total 
  
29,743.1 
858.2 
27,734.2 
711.5 
 
Allowances for credit risk 
EURm 
Note 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2019 
Loans to central banks and credit institutions 
11 
- 
- 
Loans to the public 
11 
-23.7 
-11.7 
Off balance sheet items 
-0.1 
-0.1 
Total 
  
-23.8 
-11.8 
 
Collaterals and guarantees  
A crucial factor in the ability to avoid loan losses in the event of the counterparty failing to honour its payment obligations is that 
the value of pledged collateral and/or guarantees cover the claim of Nordea Mortgage Bank on the counterparty. For the 
purposes of calculating capital requirements and expected losses, the risk of loss is measured using various Credit Risk 
Models. Most such models account for risk protection methods, such as collateral and guarantees. Different collateral types 
have different Loss Given Default factors, which in turn impact the required capital. Collateral valuation processes are 
performed at the time of origination and periodically. 
The table below presents the distribution of collateral used in the capital adequacy calculation process. The table shows 
residential real estate to constitute a major share of eligible collateral items. 
 
Collateral distribution 
  
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2019 
Financial Collateral 
0.2 % 
0.2 % 
Residential Real Estate 
99.0 % 
99.1 % 
Commercial Real Estate 
0.7 % 
0.6 % 
Other Physical Collateral 
0.1 % 
0.1 % 
Total 
100.0 % 
100.0 %

--- Page 173 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
35 
Note 2  Risk and liquidity management, cont. 
 
Loan-to-value  
The loan-to-value (LTV) ratio is considered a useful measure to evaluate collateral's quality, i.e. the credit extended divided by 
the market value of the collateral pledged. At year end, the cover pool’s unindexed weighted average loan-to-value was 52.2% 
(51.1), entailing that collateral covers roughly the double of lending. 
Loan-to-value distribution1 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2019 
Retail mortgage exposure 
EURm 
% 
EURm 
% 
<40% 
17,224.6 
59.9 
16,710.2 
62.5 
40–50% 
2,505.2 
8.7 
2,346.1 
8.8 
50–60% 
1,906.8 
6.6 
1,745.6 
6.5 
60–70% 
1,298.2 
4.5 
1,141.4 
4.3 
70-100%2 
5,829.4 
20.3 
 4,790.1 
 17.9 
Total 
28,764.2 
100.0 
26,733.4 
100.0 
1 Loan-to-value unindexed distribution in ranges where a single loan can exist in multiple buckets, with continuous distribution. LTV is calculated using market values. The 
residential collaterals in NMB’s Cover Pool are capped at loans up to 70% of the market value. 
2 Other eligible assets 
 
Individual and collective assessment of impairment 
Impairment testing (individual and collective) applies to three forward looking and weighted scenarios, where assets tested for 
impairment are divided into three groups depending on the stage of credit deterioration.  
 
Stage 1 includes assets where there has been no significant increase in credit risk, stage 2 includes assets where there has been 
a significant increase in credit risk, and stage 3 includes defaulted assets. All assets are assessed individually for staging. 
Significant assets in stage 3 are assessed for impairment individually. Assets in stage 1, stage 2 and insignificant assets in stage 
3 are assessed for impairment collectively. 
 
Throughout the process of identifying and mitigating credit impairment, NMB continuously reviews the quality of credit exposures. 
Weak and credit impaired exposures are closely monitored and reviewed at least on a quarterly basis in terms of current 
performance, business outlook, future debt service capacity, and the possible need for provisions. NMB recognises only certain 
specific credit risk adjustments (SCRAs). SCRAs comprise individually and collectively assessed provisions. SCRAs in the 
quarterly profit and loss statement are referred to as loan losses, while SCRAs in the balance sheet are referred to as allowances 
and provisions. 
 
Individual provisioning 
A need for individual provisioning is recognised if, based on credit events and observable data, a negative impact is likely on the 
customer’s expected future cash flow to the extent that full repayment is unlikely (pledged collaterals taken into account). 
 
Exposures with individually assigned provisions are credit Impaired and in stage 3. The size of the provision is equal to the 
estimated loss, which is the difference between the book value of the outstanding exposure and the discounted value of the 
expected future cash flow, including the value of pledged collateral. 
 
Default 
Customers with exposures that are past due more than 90 days, in bankruptcy or considered unlikely to pay are regarded as 
defaulted and non-performing. Such customers can be either servicing debt or non-servicing. If a customer recovers from being 
in default, the customer is seen as cured. Typically, this situation occurs if the customer succeeds in creating a balance in 
financials. In order to be cured, the recovery should include the customer’s total liabilities, an established satisfactory repayment 
plan and an assessment that the recovery is underway. 
 
Collective provisioning 
The collective model is executed quarterly. One important driver for provisions is the trigger for the transferring of assets from 
stage 1 to stage 2. For assets recognised from 1 January 2018, changes to the lifetime Probability of Default (PD) are used as 
the trigger. In addition, customers with forbearance measures and customers with payments more than thirty days past due are 
also transferred to stage 2. In stage 1, the provisions equal the 12 months expected loss. In stages 2 and 3, the provisions equal 
the lifetime expected loss. The output is complemented with an expert-based analysis process to ensure adequate provisioning. 
Defaulted customers without individual provisions have collective provisions. 
 
Forbearance 
Forbearance refers to eased terms or restructuring of credit terms and conditions due to the borrower experiencing financial 
difficulties. The intention of granting forbearance for a limited period of time is to ensure full repayment of the outstanding debt. 
Examples of eased terms are changes in amortisation profile, repayment schedule, customer margin or eased financial 
covenants. Forbearance is undertaken on an individual basis, according to internal guidelines, and followed by impairment testing. 
Forborne exposures can be performing or non-performing. Loan loss provisions are recognised if necessary. Performing 
customers with forbearance measures are transferred to stage 2 and non-performing customers with forbearance measures are 
defined as credit impaired (stage 3). The minimum probation period for performing forborne loans is 24 months. Once a loan gets 
out of forborne status, it cannot be transferred to stage 1 until all other stage 2 triggers also are cleared and can only move out 
of stage 3 when no longer credit impaired/non-performing.

--- Page 174 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
36 
Note 2  Risk and liquidity management, cont. 
 
In March 2020 NMB started to offer COVID-19 instalment-free periods to household and business customers who were in need 
of one due to the COVID-19 situation. The COVID-19 instalment-free periods were generally granted to customers experiencing 
only short-term liquidity issues due to COVID-19, and were offered only to SMEs and household customers. NMB did not register 
COVID-19 instalment-free periods as forbearance, and consequently did not automatically transfer the exposures to stage 2, due 
to the temporary nature of the instalment-free periods and as interest continued to accrue. In October 2020 NMB ended all 
temporary amendments to the credit risk framework and returned to the normal forbearance registration procedures, while still 
continuing to support customers through the crisis. 
 
NMB currently does not register COVID-19 payment holidays as forbearance, and consequentially does not automatically transfer 
the exposures to stage 2, since customers would not have asked for payment holidays had it not been for COVID-19. As stated 
under “Forward looking information” below, Nordea has assessed the risk of stage transfers at the time when the government 
support measures are discontinued and included the impact therefrom in the cyclical reserve to the extent not already covered 
by the IFRS 9 models. 
The carrying amount of loans where NMB had granted COVID-19 related instalment-free periods at the end of 2020 amounted 
to EUR 0.7bn, of which 80.5% was classified as stage 1, 18.8% as stage 2 and 0.7% as stage 3. 
Forbearance 
EURm 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2019 
Forborne loans 
281.2 
177.5 
- of which defaulted 
61.5 
47.2 
Allowances for individually assessed impaired and forborne loans 
-3.4 
-1.1 
- of which defaulted 
-2.4 
-0.8 
Key ratios 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2019 
Forbearance ratio1 
1.0 % 
0.7 % 
Forbearance coverage ratio2 
0.1 % 
0.2 % 
- of which defaulted 
0.1 % 
0.1 % 
1 Forborne loans/Loans before allowances.   
2 Individual allowances/Forborne loans.  
 
Sensitivities 
One important factor in estimating expected credit losses is to assess what constitutes a significant increase in credit risk. To 
understand the sensitivities to these triggers, Nordea has calculated model-based provisions under two different scenarios: 
  
Triggers 
Scenario 1 
Scenario 2 
Retail portfolios 
 
 
Relative threshold 
100 % 
50 % 
150 % 
Absolute 12-month threshold 
45 bp 
35 bp 
55 bp 
Absolute lifetime threshold 
300 bp 
250 bp 
350bp 
Notching1 
1-6 
1 less 
1 more 
Non-retail portfolios 
 
Relative threshold 
150 % 
100 % 
200 % 
Absolute 12-month threshold 
20 bp 
15 bp 
25 bp 
Absolute lifetime threshold 
400 bp 
350 bp 
450 bp 
Notching1 
1-6 
1 less 
1 more 
1 For exposures with initial recognition before the transition to IFRS 9 (1 Jan 2018) stage classification is decided based on changes in rating grades. The trigger in      
scenario 1 is set at one notch less than in the model actually used and in scenario 2 the trigger is set at one notch more than in the model used. 
 
The provisions would have increased by EUR 0,4m in scenario 1 and decreased by EUR 0,4m in scenario 2. For more information 
on the rating scale and average PDs, see table “Rating/ scoring information for loans measured at amortised cost” below.  
The provisions are sensitive to rating migration even if triggers are not reached. The table below shows the impact on provisions 
from a one notch downgrade on all exposures in the bank. It includes both the impact of the higher risk for all exposures as well 
as the impact of transferring exposures from stage 1 to stage 2 that reach the trigger. It also includes the impact from the 
exposures with one rating grade above default becoming default, which is estimated at EUR 5m (EUR 3m). This figure is based 
on calculations with the statistical model rather than individual estimates that would be the case in reality for material defaulted 
loans. 
 
Sensitivities 
2020 
2019 
EURm 
Recognised 
provisions 
Provisions if one 
notch downgrade 
Recognised 
provisions 
Provisions if one 
notch downgrade 
Personal Banking 
13 
19 
9 
14 
Business Banking 
3 
4 
2 
3 
Large Corporations and institutions 
0 
0 
0 
0 
Other 
 0 
 1 
 0 
 1 
Total 
17 
25 
11 
18

--- Page 175 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
37 
Note 2  Risk and liquidity management, cont. 
 
Forward looking information 
Forward looking information is used both for assessing significant increases in credit risk and in the calculation of expected credit 
losses. Nordea uses three macroeconomic scenarios, a base scenario, a favourable scenario and an adverse scenario. For 2020, 
the scenarios have been weighted into the final expected credit losses (ECL) using base 50% (60), adverse 45% (20) and 
favourable 5% (20).  
The macroeconomic scenarios are provided by Group Risk and Compliance (GRC) in Nordea, based on the Oxford Economics 
model. The forecast is a combination of modelling and expert judgement, subject to thorough checks and quality control 
processes. The model has been built to give a good description of the historic relationships between economic variables and to 
capture the key linkages between those variables. The forecast period in the model is ten years and for periods beyond, a long-
term average is used in the ECL calculations.  
The macro scenarios reflect Nordea’s view of how the COVID-19 virus and lockdowns potentially can impact the economic 
outlook. The scenarios also reflect the macroeconomic effects of the government and central bank support measures. When 
developing the scenarios Nordea has taken into account projections from Nordic governments and central banks, Nordea 
Research and the ECB’s macroeconomic forecasts for the Euro area. Labour market support schemes have played a significant 
role in supporting the Nordic economies during the lockdown phase.  
Looking forward, it is expected that the phasing out of the labour market support schemes and other support measures in 2020 
will start weighing on consumer confidence and could potentially lead to more business insolvencies and unemployment. This 
effect is expected to be most pronounced in the service industries and transportation, where Nordea data indicate that spending 
has not yet returned to normal. The rise in open unemployment associated with the end of the labour market schemes is likely to 
weigh on housing markets. 
Management judgements of EUR 7.1m have been booked in addition to model based provisions. Management judgement covers 
projected loan losses not yet covered by the IFRS 9 model (cyclical reserve) and identified issues in the IFRS 9 model to be later 
covered in model updates (structural reserve). The cyclical reserve is supported by additional portfolio modelling, and triggered 
by the substantial uncertainty in the macroeconomic development as well as the need to account for future rating downgrades 
potentially underestimated by the IFRS 9 model through the updated macroeconomic scenarios. Given the macro-economic 
development is highly uncertain, NMB has chosen to be prudent and to book relatively high management judgement.  
One important source of information in the estimation of the cyclical reserve is the internal stress testing models, adjusted with 
the impact from the Finnish government support schemes. For the retail portfolio the most important public sector actions are the 
various forms of labour market support schemes, which are significantly decreasing the expected defaults and losses amongst 
households. Due to the extent of these schemes Nordea decreased the modelled development of new defaults originally predicted 
by the internal stress testing models, leading to lower predicted loan losses. These models are based on historical observations 
and correlations, thus they are not capable of replicating the impact of the current government supporting schemes. With regards 
to the expected rating migration in the corporate portfolio, Nordea took into consideration the positive impact of the Finnish 
government guarantee and support schemes, addressing primarily the liquidity shock caused by the lock-downs and quarantines. 
Without the public sector measures the modelled rating deterioration would have been more severe, and the predicted losses 
would have been higher. 
The model based scenario simulations were compared to the initial bottom-up loan loss forecast process, thus helped NMB to 
ensure the conservativeness of the loan loss projections. The cyclical reserve decided on by management in 2020 aims to adjust 
the outcome in the IFRS 9 models into the range of expected losses rather than the top range of the projections, and covers a 
substantial realisation of projected losses in the year.

--- Page 176 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
38 
Note 2  Risk and liquidity management, cont. 
 
Scenarios and 
provisions 
  
2021 
2022 
2023 
Unweighted 
ECL, 
EURm 
Probability 
weight 
Model 
based 
provisio
ns, 
EURm 
Adjustment 
model 
based 
provisions, 
EURm 
Individual 
provisions
, EURm  
Total 
provisions
, EURm 
Finland 
Favourable scenario 
- GDP growth, %  
3.5% 
2.4% 1.8% 
- Unemployment, %  
7.2% 
6.7% 6.3% 
14 
5% 
- Change in household 
consumption, % 
4.3% 
2.8% 2.7% 
 
- Change in house 
prices, % 
 -0.9% 
1.3% 2.3% 
 
  
  
  
  
  
Base scenario 
 
17 
  
7 
  
24 
  
- GDP growth, %  
2.5% 
2.0% 2.2% 
 
- Unemployment, %  
8.0% 
7.7% 7.2% 
15 
50% 
0 
- Change in household 
consumption, % 
3.8% 
1.9% 2.5% 
 
- Change in house 
prices, % 
 -2.5% 1.4% 
2.5% 
 
  
  
Adverse scenario 
 
- GDP growth, %  
-2.3% 
3.4% 3.3% 
 
- Unemployment, %  
10.0% 
9.2% 8.5% 
18 
45% 
- Change in household 
consumption, % 
-0.2% 
3.1% 2.8% 
- Change in house 
prices, % 
 -5.2% -5.5% 2.5% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Other 
Total 
17 
7 
0 
24 
 
Credit portfolio 
NMB’s lending to the public increased 8% during 2020 and amounted to EUR 28.8bn (26.7). Out of lending to the public, corporate 
customers accounted for 6% (7) of the exposure and household customers for 94% (93). The distribution of lending on contractual 
maturities is shown in Note 25. For ECL calculations NMB uses behavioural maturity which is usually shorter than contractual 
maturity. NMB only mortgages properties in Finland. Credit commitments amounted to 396.2m (334.4). 
As in the previous year, NMB did not have any assets in the form of bonds or other interest-bearing securities. Lending to credit 
institutions amounted at the end of the year to 0.6bn (0.7), all of which was placed in Group companies. 
Impaired loans, gross, amounted to EUR 240.7m (240.9) of which 97% refers to private individuals. Following a deduction of 
EUR 12.5m (5.3) for provisioning for individually valued impaired loans, the net amount was EUR 228.2m (235.6), equalling 
79bps (86) of loans to the public before allowances. Allowances for collectively assessed loans amounted to EUR 11.2m (6.4). 
For more information, see also Note 11 “Loans and impairment”. 
 
Impaired loans and ratios 
  
 
2020 
 2019 
Gross impaired loans, EURm 
 
240.7 
240.9 
- of which servicing 
 
24.6 
29.4 
- of which non-servicing 
 
216.1 
211.5 
Impairment rate, (stage 3) gross, basis points1 
 
82 
88 
Impairment rate (stage 3), net, basis points2 
 
78 
86 
Allowances in relation to loans in stage 1 and 2, basis points3 
 
4 
2 
Total allowance rate (stage 1, 2 and 3), basis points4 
 
8 
4 
Allowances in relation to impaired loans (stage 3), %5 
 
5 
2 
1 Impaired loans (stage 3) before allowances divided by total loans measured at amortised cost before allowances 
2 Impaired loans (stage 3) after allowances divided by total loans measured at amortised cost before allowances 
3 Allowances for impaired loans (stage 1 and 2) divided by loans measured at amortised cost, not impaired (stage 1 and 2) 
4 Total allowances divided by total loans measured at amortised cost before allowances. 
5 Allowances for impaired loans (stage 3) divided by impaired loans (stage 3)

--- Page 177 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
39 
Note 2  Risk and liquidity management, cont. 
 
Rating and scoring distribution 
One way of assessing credit quality is through analysis of the distribution across rating grades, for rated corporate customers and 
institutions, as well as risk grades for scored household and small business customers, i.e. retail exposures. The average credit 
quality was roughly unchanged in both the corporate portfolio and the household portfolio in 2020. 12.7% of the number of 
corporate customers migrated upwards while 16.4% was down-rated. Exposure-wise, 13.0% of the corporate customer exposure 
migrated upwards while 15.0% was down-rated. 22.6% of the number of household customers migrated upwards while 53.2% 
was down-rated. Exposure-wise, 24.1% of the household customer exposure migrated upwards while 52.0% was down-rated.  
 
Rating distribution, IRB Corporate customers 
Out of corporate exposure, 91% (90) was rated 4- or higher (on a scale of 6+ to 1- where 6+ is the highest and 1- is the lowest 
rating). 1% (1) of corporate customers were rated 1+ or poorer. Defaulted loans are not included in the rating distributions 
 
 
Risk grade distribution, IRB Retail customers 
Out of household customer exposures, 91% (92) had a score of C- or higher (on a scale of A+ to F- where A+ is the highest and 
F- the lowest score), which indicates a probability of default of 1% or lower. 2% (2) of household customers had a score of F+ or 
lower. Defaulted loans are not included in the scoring distributions. 
 
 
 
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
6+
6
6-
5+
5
5-
4+
4
4-
3+
3
3-
2+
2
2-
1+
1
1-
EAD
%
Dec 2019
Dec 2020
0
5
10
15
20
25
A+
A
A-
B+
B
B-
C+
C
C-
D+
D
D-
E+
E
E-
F+
F
F-
EAD
%
Dec 2019
Dec 2020

--- Page 178 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
40 
Note 2  Risk and liquidity management, cont. 
 
Rating/scoring information for loans measured at amortised cost1 
EURm 
Nominal amount 31 Dec 2020 
Rating/scoring grade 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total Provisions 
6 / A 
9,818.5 
36.1 
0.1 
9,854.7 
-0.4 
5 / B 
10,541.9 
178.1 
0.2 
10,720.2 
-1.2 
4 / C 
3,833.2 
643.1 
0.3 
4,476.6 
-2.3 
3 / D 
1,390.9 
562.0 
1.4 
1,954.3 
-2.8 
2 / E 
426.0 
322.4 
2.5 
750.9 
-1.8 
1 / F 
246.2 
361.3 
13.9 
621.4 
-3.1 
Standardised / Unrated 
5.9 
5.4 
0.1 
11.4 
-0.1 
0+ / 0 / 0- (default) 
99.2 
77.1 
222.2 
398.5 
-12.0 
Internal2 
582.7 
- 
- 
582.7 
- 
Total 
26,944.5 
2,185.5 
240.7 
29,370.7 
-23.7 
 
EURm 
Nominal amount 31 Dec 2019 
Rating/scoring grade 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total Provisions 
6 / A 
11,027.4 
20.2 
0.1 
11,047.7 
-0.2 
5 / B 
8,562.3 
202.4 
0.1 
8,764.8 
-0.7 
4 / C 
2,956.8 
441.1 
1.4 
3,399.3 
-1.2 
3 / D 
1,363.6 
434.8 
3.9 
1,802.3 
-1.5 
2 / E 
458.3 
249.6 
1.8 
709.7 
-1.0 
1 / F 
351.8 
308.7 
22.0 
682.5 
-2.0 
0+ / 0 / 0- (default) 
51.6 
64.9 
211.6 
328.1 
-5.1 
Internal2 
663.3 
- 
- 
663.3 
- 
Total 
25,435.1 
1,721.7 
240.9 
27,397.7 
-11.7 
1 The stage classification and calculated provision for each exposure is based on the situation as per end of October 2020 (October 2019), while exposure amount and 
rating grades are based on the situation as per end of December 2020 (December 2019). Some of the exposures in default according to the rating grade as per end of 
Decembers were not in default as per end of October, and hence this is reflected in the stage classification. 
2 Exposures towards Nordea entities 
 
 
Rating/scoring information for off balance sheet items 
EURm 
Nominal amount 31 Dec 2020 
Rating/scoring grade 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total Provisions 
6 / A 
149.6 
0.0 
- 
149.6 
0.0 
5 / B 
156.6 
0.1 
- 
156.7 
-0.1 
4 / C 
52.2 
6.0 
- 
58.2 
0.0 
3 / D 
19.0 
5.4 
- 
24.4 
0.0 
2 / E 
1.0 
1.8 
- 
2.8 
0.0 
1 / F 
0.3 
2.5 
- 
2.8 
0.0 
Standardised / Unrated 
0.6 
0.1 
- 
0.7 
0.0 
0+ / 0 / 0- (default) 
- 
- 
0.9 
0.9 
0.0 
Total 
379.3 
15.9 
0.9 
396.1 
-0.1 
 
EURm 
Nominal amount 31 Dec 2019 
Rating/scoring grade 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total Provisions 
6 / A 
156.0 
- 
- 
156.0 
0.0 
5 / B 
93.1 
0.3 
- 
93.4 
0.0 
4 / C 
45.3 
1.5 
- 
46.8 
-0.1 
3 / D 
27.2 
2.1 
- 
29.3 
0.0 
2 / E 
3.0 
0.9 
- 
3.9 
0.0 
1 / F 
0.8 
1.3 
- 
2.1 
0.0 
Standardised / Unrated 
1.9 
0.3 
- 
2.2 
- 
0+ / 0 / 0- (default) 
- 
- 
0.7 
0.7 
- 
Total 
327.3 
6.4 
0.7 
334.4 
-0.1

--- Page 179 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
41 
Note 2  Risk and liquidity management, cont. 
Past due loans 
The table below shows loans past due 6 days or more, split by corporate and household customers, totalling EUR 252.4m 
(287.7). Past due loans to corporate customers were 8.8m (15.7). Past due loans for households were EUR 243.6m (272.0) at 
the end of 2020.  
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2019 
EURm 
Corporate 
customers 
Household 
customers 
Corporate 
customers 
Household 
customers 
6-30 days 
6.5 
100.8 
5.4 
121.5 
31-60 days 
0.4 
29.3 
3.5 
41.1 
61-90 days 
0.0 
12.9 
0.7 
14.9 
>90 days 
1.9 
100.6 
6.1 
94.5 
Total 
8.8 
243.6 
15.7 
272.0 
Past due loans divided by loans to the public after allowances, 
% 
0.5 
0.9 
0.8 
1.1 
 
Net loan losses 
Net loan losses totalled EUR -15.4m (10.3), the increase mainly driven by the new approach, triggered by COVID-19, where 
management judgements of EUR 7.1m have been booked in addition to model based provisions. Net loan losses in 2019 were 
positive due to allowance reversals triggered by recalibration of IFRS 9 collective provision model.  
Net loan losses and loan loss ratios 
  
2020 
 2019 
Net loan losses, EURm 
-15.4 
10.3 
Loan loss ratio, basis points 
5.4 
-3.9 
- of which (Stage 3) 
3.6 
-1.3 
- of which (Stage 1 & 2) 
1.7 
-2.6

--- Page 180 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
42 
Note 2  Risk and liquidity management, cont. 
Movements in risks and allowances 
Carrying amount of loans measured at amortised cost, before allowances 
Central banks and credit institutions 
The public 
EURm 
Stage 
1 
Stage 
2 
Stage 
3 
Total 
Stage 1 
Stage 
2 
Stage 
3 
Total 
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2020 
666.4 
- 
- 
666.4 
24,782.4 1,721.7 
240.9 26,745.0 
Origination and acquisition1 
- 
- 
- 
- 
5,834.5 
- 
- 
5,834.5 
Transfers between stage 1 and stage 2, (net) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-737.2 
737.2 
- 
0.0 
Transfers between stage 2 and stage 3, (net) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-17.7 
17.7 
0.0 
Transfers between stage 1 and stage 3, (net) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-34.4 
- 
34.4 
0.0 
Repayments and disposals2 
-83.8 
- 
- 
-83.8 
-3,736.9 
-273.7 
-52.9 
-4,063.5 
Write-offs 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-3.2 
-3.2 
Other changes3 
- 
- 
- 
- 
253.3 
18.0 
3.9 
275.2 
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2020 
582.6 
- 
- 
582.6 
26,361.7 2,185.5 
240.8 28,788.0 
 
Total 
EURm 
 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 
2 Stage 3 
Total 
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2020 
 
 
 
 
25,448.8 1,721.7 
240.9 27,411.4 
Origination and acquisition1 
 
 
 
 
5,834.5 
- 
- 
5,834.5 
Transfers between stage 1 and stage 2, (net) 
 
 
 
 
-737.2 
737.2 
- 
0.0 
Transfers between stage 2 and stage 3, (net) 
 
 
 
 
- 
-17.7 
17.7 
0.0 
Transfers between stage 1 and stage 3, (net) 
 
 
 
 
-34.4 
- 
34.4 
0.0 
Repayments and disposals2 
 
 
 
 
-3,820.7 
-273.7 
-52.9 
-4,147.3 
Write-offs 
 
 
 
 
- 
- 
-3.2 
-3.2 
Other changes3 
 
 
 
 
253,3 
18.0 
3.9 
275,2 
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2020 
 
 
 
 
26,944.3 2,185.5 
240.8 29,370.6 
 
Carrying amount of loans measured at amortised cost, before allowances 
 
Central banks and credit institutions 
The public 
EURm 
Stage 
1 
Stage 
2 
Stage 
3 
Total 
Stage 1 
Stage 
2 
Stage 
3 
Total 
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2019 
899.5 
- 
- 
899.5 
20,736.0 2,224.9 
193.6 23,154.5 
Origination and acquisition1 
- 
- 
- 
- 
6,998.4 
- 
- 
6,998.4 
Transfers between stage 1 and stage 2, (net) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
132.9 
-132.9 
- 
0.0 
Transfers between stage 2 and stage 3, (net) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-40.5 
40.5 
0.0 
Transfers between stage 1 and stage 3, (net) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-42.7 
- 
42.7 
0.0 
Repayments and disposals2 
-233.4 
- 
- 
-233.4 
-3,232.7 
-314.7 
-34.2 
-3,581.6 
Write-offs 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-0.4 
-0.4 
Other changes3 
0.3 
- 
- 
0.3 
190.5 
-15.1 
-1.3 
174.1 
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2019 
666.4 
- 
- 
666.4 
24,782.4 1,721.7 
240.9 26,745.0 
   
 
Total 
EURm 
 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 
2 Stage 3 
Total 
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2019 
 
 
 
 
21,635.5 2,224.9 
193.6 24,054.0 
Origination and acquisition1 
 
 
 
 
6,998.4 
- 
- 
6,998.4 
Transfers between stage 1 and stage 2, (net) 
 
 
 
 
132.9 
132.9 
- 
0.0 
Transfers between stage 2 and stage 3, (net) 
 
 
 
 
- 
-40.5 
40.5 
0.0 
Transfers between stage 1 and stage 3, (net) 
 
 
 
 
-42.7 
- 
42.7 
0.0 
Repayments and disposals2 
 
 
 
 
-3,466.1 
-314.7 
-34.2 
-3,815.0 
Write-offs 
 
 
 
 
- 
- 
-0.4 
-0.4 
Other changes3 
 
 
 
 
190.8 
-15.1 
-1.3 
174.4 
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2019 
 
 
 
 
25,448.8 1,721.7 
240.9 27,411.4 
1 Contains newly granted credits within the year 
2 Contains repayments of credits 
3 Other changes are mainly related to increased utilisation of credits granted earlier years

--- Page 181 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
43 
Note 2  Risk and liquidity management, cont. 
 
Movement of allowance accounts for loans measured at amortised cost 
 
Central banks and credit institutions 
The public 
EURm 
Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 
Total Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 
Total 
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2020 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-2.1 
-4.3 
-5.3 
-11.7 
Origination and acquisition 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-1.7 
- 
- 
-1.7 
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2 
- 
- 
- 
- 
0.2 
-5.5 
- 
-5.3 
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3 
- 
- 
- 
- 
0.0 
- 
-2.4 
-2.4 
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-0.1 
1.9 
- 
1.8 
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
0.2 
-2.3 
-2.1 
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1 
- 
- 
- 
- 
0.0 
- 
0.5 
0.5 
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-0.2 
0.5 
0.3 
Changes in credit risk without stage transfer 
- 
- 
- 
- 
0.2 
-0.5 
-4.1 
-4.4 
Repayments and disposals 
- 
- 
- 
- 
0.2 
0.4 
0.7 
1.3 
Write-off through decrease in allowance 
account 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Changes due to update in the institution’s 
methodology for estimation (net) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other changes 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Translation differences 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2020 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-3.3 
-8.0 
-12.4 
-23.7 
 
 
Total 
EURm 
 
 
 
 Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 
Total 
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2020 
 
 
 
 
-2.1 
-4.3 
-5.3 
-11.7 
Origination and acquisition 
 
 
 
 
-1.7 
- 
- 
-1.7 
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2 
 
 
 
 
0.2 
-5.5 
- 
-5.3 
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3 
 
 
 
 
0.0 
- 
-2.4 
-2.4 
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1 
 
 
 
 
-0.1 
1.9 
- 
1.8 
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3 
 
 
 
 
- 
0.2 
-2.3 
-2.1 
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1 
 
 
 
 
0.0 
- 
0.5 
0.5 
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2 
 
 
 
 
- 
-0.2 
0.5 
0.3 
Changes in credit risk without stage transfer 
 
 
 
 
0.2 
-0.5 
-4.1 
-4.4 
Repayments and disposals 
 
 
 
 
0.2 
0.4 
0.7 
1.3 
Write-off through decrease in allowance 
account 
 
 
 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Changes due to update in the institution’s 
methodology for estimation (net) 
 
 
 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other changes 
 
 
 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Translation differences 
 
 
 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2020 
 
 
 
 
-3.3 
-8.0 
-12.4 
-23.7

--- Page 182 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
44 
Note 2  Risk and liquidity management, cont. 
 
Movement of allowance accounts for loans measured at amortised cost 
 
Central banks and credit institutions 
The public 
EURm 
Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 
Total Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 
Total 
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2019 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-5.5 
-26.1 
-16.2 
-47.8 
Origination and acquisition 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-3.9 
- 
- 
-3.9 
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2 
- 
- 
- 
- 
0.6 
-14.7 
- 
-14.1 
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3 
- 
- 
- 
- 
0.1 
- 
-4.3 
-4.2 
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-1.2 
11.9 
- 
10.7 
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1.7 
-5.2 
-3.5 
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-0.1 
- 
1.4 
1.3 
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-0.6 
2.2 
1.6 
Changes in credit risk without stage transfer 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-0.1 
-1.0 
-0.6 
-1.7 
Repayments and disposals 
- 
- 
- 
- 
0.4 
2.5 
1.9 
4.8 
Write-off through decrease in allowance 
account 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Changes due to update in the institution’s 
methodology for estimation (net) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
7.6 
22.0 
15.8 
45.4 
Other changes 
- 
- 
- 
- 
0.0 
0.0 
-0.3 
-0.3 
Translation differences 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2019 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-2.1 
-4.3 
-5.3 
-11.7 
 
Total 
EURm 
 
 
 
 
Stage 
1 
Stage 
2 
Stage 
3 Total 
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2019 
 
 
 
 
-5.5 
-26.1 
-16.2 -47.8 
Origination and acquisition 
 
 
 
 
-3.9 
- 
- 
-3.9 
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2 
 
 
 
 
0.6 
-14.7 
- -14.1 
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3 
 
 
 
 
0.1 
- 
-4.3 
-4.2 
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1 
 
 
 
 
-1.2 
11.9 
- 
10.7 
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3 
 
 
 
 
- 
1.7 
-5.2 
-3.5 
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1 
 
 
 
 
-0.1 
- 
1.4 
1.3 
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2 
 
 
 
 
- 
-0.6 
2.2 
1.6 
Changes in credit risk without stage transfer 
 
 
 
 
-0.1 
-1.0 
-0.6 
-1.7 
Repayments and disposals 
 
 
 
 
0.4 
2.5 
1.9 
4.8 
Write-off through decrease in allowance account 
 
 
 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Changes due to update in the institution’s methodology for estimation (net) 
 
 
 
 
7.6 
22.0 
15.8 
45.4 
Other changes 
 
 
 
 
0.0 
0.0 
-0.3 
-0.3 
Translation differences 
 
 
 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2019 
 
 
 
 
-2.1 
-4.3 
-5.3 -11.7

--- Page 183 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
45 
Note 2  Risk and liquidity management, cont. 
 
Movements in provisions for off balance sheet items 
EURm 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2020 
0.0 
-0.1 
- 
-0.1 
Origination and acquisition 
0.0 
-0.1 
- 
-0.1 
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2 
0.0 
0.0 
- 
0.0 
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3 
0.0 
- 
- 
0.0 
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1 
0.0 
0.0 
- 
0.0 
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3 
- 
0.0 
- 
0.0 
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1 
0.0 
- 
- 
0.0 
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Changes in credit risk without stage transfer 
0.0 
0.1 
- 
0.1 
Repayments and disposals 
0.0 
0.0 
- 
0.0 
Write-off through decrease in allowance account 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other changes 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Translation differences 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2020 
0.0 
-0.1 
- 
-0.1 
EURm 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2019 
0.0 
-0.2 
- 
-0.2 
Origination and acquisition 
0.0 
-0.1 
- 
-0.1 
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2 
0.0 
0.0 
- 
0.0 
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1 
0.0 
0.1 
- 
0.1 
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3 
- 
0.0 
- 
0.0 
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Changes in credit risk without stage transfer 
0.0 
0.1 
- 
0.1 
Repayments and disposals 
0.0 
0.0 
- 
0.0 
Write-off through decrease in allowance account 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other changes 
0.0 
- 
- 
0.0 
Translation differences 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2019 
0.0 
-0.1 
- 
-0.1 
 
Market risk 
Market risk is the risk of loss in a position in either the trading book or non-trading book as a result of changes in market rates 
and parameters that affect the market values or net interest income flows. Market risk exist irrespective of the accounting 
treatment of the positions. 
The market risk appetite for NMB is expressed through risk appetite statements issued by NMB Board. The statements are 
defined for the banking book as NMB does not have any trading book assets. The 2LoD ensures that the risk appetite is 
appropriately translated through relevant committees into specific risk appetite limits for TALM which is responsible for managing 
the market risk according to intra group outsourcing agreement. The risk management on behalf of NMB is largely integrated into 
the Group’s risk management so as to attain the most efficient management of market risk within the Group as a whole. TALM 
and GRC are responsible for identifying, controlling and reporting the progression of risks. 
As part of the overall RAF, holistic and bespoke stress tests are used to measure the market risk appetite and calibrate limits to 
monitor and control the full set of material market risk factors to which NMB is exposed. 
Non-traded market risk 
Non-traded market risk principally arises from the core banking business of NMB and related hedges. TALM is responsible for 
the comprehensive risk management of all non-traded market risk exposures in the Nordea Group’s balance sheet, including 
NMB. 
The non-traded market risks that NMB is exposed to is interest rate risk in the banking book (IRRBB) defined as the current or 
prospective risk to NMB’s capital and earnings arising from adverse movements in interest rates. The market risks are managed 
centrally by TALM from an earnings and Economic Value perspective and include gap risk, basis risks and option risk stemming 
from floors in issued bonds and customer contracts.

--- Page 184 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
46 
Note 2  Risk and liquidity management, cont. 
 
Due to the lending structure in NMB’s home market Finland, most of the contractual interest rate exposures are floating rate 
linked to Euribor and floored at zero while fixed rate lending only constitutes a small part of the loan book. Consequently, 
wholesale funding is also issued in or swapped to floating rate format. The resulting residual repricing gap risk and fixing risk is 
managed by TALM for NMB. The net outright interest rate risk stemming from the residual repricing gaps, together with the limited 
fixed interest rate risk, is hedged with interest rate swaps (IRS) and Overnight Index Swaps (OIS) partially under hedge 
accounting.  Fair value hedges and cash flow hedges are described in more detailed in Note 12 “Derivatives and hedge 
accounting.” 
The two metrics to measure NMB’s IRRBB are the Structural Interest Income Risk (SIIR) metric for Earnings risk and Economic 
Value (EV).  
Structural Interest Income Risk (SIIR) 
SIIR is the amount by which NMB’s accumulated net interest income would change during the next 12 months if all interest rates 
were to change by +/-50 basis points. SIIR reflects the mismatches in the balance sheet and the off-balance sheet items due to 
differences in the interest rate repricing periods, volumes or reference rates of assets, liabilities and derivatives. The SIIR model 
uses a constant balance sheet assumption and implied forward curves with behavioural modelling of prepayments. Furthermore, 
the SIIR model takes into account the floors Nordea has towards customers from Finnish banking law that prevents negative 
interest rates from household customers. 
NMB’s SIIR is measured through dynamic simulations by calculating several net interest income scenarios and comparing the 
difference between these scenarios and the base net interest income expectation. Several interest rate scenarios are applied. 
The Board of Directors has set a risk limit for two parallel rate shift SIIR scenarios (increasing rates and decreasing rates). These 
scenarios measure the effect on the company’s net interest income for a 12-month period of a +/-50 basis point change in all 
interest rates where the balance sheet is assumed to be constant. Significant elements of customer behaviour and Nordea’s 
decision-making process concerning Nordea’s own rates are taken into account.  
A SIIR limit has been set aiming to optimise financial structure, balanced risk taking and reliable earnings growth. TALM has the 
responsibility for the operational management of SIIR. At the end of the year, the SIIR for increasing market rates was EUR -29m 
(-15) and the SIIR for decreasing market rates was EUR 26m (40). These figures imply that the net interest income would 
decrease if interest rates rise and increase if interest rates fall. 
 
Economic value Stress test (EV stress test) 
Economic value (EV) stress tests look at the change in economic value of banking book assets, liabilities and interest-bearing 
derivative exposures resulting from interest rate movements, independently of the accounting classification and ignoring margins. 
These are measured as the changes in the Economic Value of the Equity of the banking book under the 6 standardised scenarios 
defined by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS). The exposure limit under this metric is the greatest of these 
values.  
The EV model is based on a run-off balance sheet and implied forward curves with behavioural modelling of prepayments. Just 
as the SIIR model the EV model also takes into account the floors NMB has towards customers from Finnish banking law that 
prevents negative interest rates from household customers.  
Market risk figures for NMB  
EURm 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2019 
Interest rate risk 
 
 
SIIR 
31.3 
15.4 
EV 
188.7 
44.2 
 
Operational risk 
Operational Risk is defined in Nordea as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and 
systems or from external events, and includes legal risk.  
The risk of loss includes direct or indirect financial loss, which includes but is not limited to impacts from regulatory sanctions, 
legal exposure, reputational damage and critical business process disruption.  
The management of operational risk includes all activities aimed at identifying, assessing, mitigating, monitoring and reporting 
risks. Risk exposures are governed by limits set within the boundaries of the risk appetite. Operational risks are mainly identified 
during incident reporting, during the risk management of proposed changes and as well as during regular risk assessments.  
In the Nordea Group the business areas and units are responsible for the management and limitation of the operational risks in 
their business activity. Likewise, NMB is responsible for the management and limitation of the operational risks that arise in its 
own business, and for monitoring the risk management in relevant business units in Nordea Bank Abp that are key service 
providers for NMB.  
NMB has implemented the Nordea Group’s Operational Risk Management framework. NMB’s operational risk is largely 
attributable to the Nordea Bank Abp’s operational risk since most of the business activities are outsourced there. NMB performs 
its own assessment of the most important risks that must be managed and regulates the management thereof in the Intra-Group 
Agreements with service providing units.  
NMB has in 2LoD CRO function an in-house Operational Risk Officer (ORO), responsible for identifying, monitoring and reporting 
of operational risks. ORO also has a role for supporting 1LoD. ORO reports to NMB CRO.

--- Page 185 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
47 
Note 2  Risk and liquidity management, cont. 
 
Risks are identified in accordance with the Group’s operational risk policy with an emphasis on two primary activities, Risk and 
Control Self-Assessment (RCSA) and Business Impact Analysis (BIA). RCSA is a continuous process performed quarterly. In 
RCSA process business-relevant operational and compliance risks are identified and prioritised, and mitigating actions for 
managing them are launched.  
BIA is conducted at minimum annually, aiming at identifying the most critical processes for the satisfactory functioning of NMB’s 
business. Because a large part of NMB’s processes are conducted by Nordea Bank Abp, identification processes are done in 
consultation with NMB and  service providing units in Nordea Bank Abp. Besides these two primary activities, the following 
processes are also performed: Change Risk Management and Approval (CRMA) and Quality and Risk Analysis (QRA), follow-
up of incidents and Third-Party Risk Assessment.  
The outcomes of operational risk management activities are reported to NMB’s Board quarterly or on Ad hoc basis when deemed 
necessary. 
Intra-group dependence 
NMB’s business is conducted in close integration with Nordea Bank Abp and its service providing units. The most significant 
operational risk is this very dependence. If e.g. Nordea Bank Abp was to cease to conduct these services or otherwise neglect 
to fulfil its obligations towards NMB, this would have a negative effect on NMB’s business. This risk has been addressed through 
continuous effort to develop more rigid control of, and reporting for, the services rendered by Nordea Bank Abp. 
 
Critical processes 
Through Business Impact Analyses, five critical processes have been identified in NMB and these have been addressed through 
Business Continuity Plans (BCP) for each process. These plans include responsibilities and instructions to guide the organisation 
on how to respond, recover, resume and restore to a predefined level of operation following a disruption. Testing of plans is done 
annually to secure credibility and to discover prioritised development needs. NMB has also been controlling that other units 
responsible for critical processes have up-to-date, high-quality continuity plans in place. 
 
Losses related to operational risks remain very low and in 2020 no incidents occurred that materially affected NMB. 
 
Money laundering 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc is dependent on Nordea Bank Abp’s money laundering activities. Monitoring of Nordea Bank Abp’s 
performance of Anti-Money Laundering (AML), Counter Terrorism Financing (CTF) and sanctions screening obligations are key 
control measures for NMB. To secure fit for purpose in-house competencies NMB has been during 2020 running enhanced AML 
training activities per job description for its personnel. During 2020 NMB has also driven enhancements to Financial Crime Risk 
Management related to mortgage loans in NMB’s balance sheet, including reporting of High Risk customers and added 
transaction monitoring controls for mortgage repayments.  
AML/FC -risk level of NMB is assessed annually by the Company .   
Management of emerging risks 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc implements continuously the non-financial risk framework of the Nordea Group. NMB assures that 
risk taxonomy changes will be implemented in due time and risk processes are well embedded. New emerging risk areas as 
Conduct Risk, Reputational Risk and ESG Risk have been included into management and reporting of non-financial risks and 
will gradually have increased focus. E.g. management of conflicts of interest will enhance controls for aforementioned Conduct 
and Reputational Risks when NMB identifies all actual and potential conflicts of interest and any potential impacts that these 
conflicts may have for customers.   
 
Compliance risk  
Compliance risk is defined as the risk of failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations, standards, supervisory requirements 
and related internal rules governing NMB’s activities in any jurisdiction where NMB operates. 
 
The key principle for the management of compliance risk is the adherence to three lines of defence. The first line of defence 
represented by the Business Areas, Legal Entities and Group Functions are risk owners, and are responsible for their own daily 
risk management and control of compliance risks. Management on all levels are responsible for operating their business within 
defined limits for risk exposure and in accordance with decided directives, instructions and risk management processes. Group 
Internal Audit constitutes the third line of defence and performs audits and provides assurance to stakeholders on internal controls 
and risk management processes. 
 
Group Compliance (GC) is a second line of defence risk control function coordinating, facilitating and overseeing the effectiveness 
and integrity of the compliance risk management. Group Compliance provides an independent view on compliance to relevant 
rules and regulations and advises, supports and trains first line on ways to effectively and efficiently handle compliance 
obligations. On a quarterly basis, GC reports on all significant compliance risks to the Management and the Board of NMB to 
inform about NMB`s current risk exposure in relation to the predefined risk appetite and tolerance level. The quarterly report 
covers also GC findings about the effectiveness of the risk management and control framework in NMB. Risk reporting from the 
control functions enables efficient and risk-based decision-making procedures and approach for the Board of NMB and the Audit 
Committee.  
 
Group Compliance has nominated company Compliance Officer (CO) to support and advice the NMB in compliance related 
issues. CO is dedicated to NMB and is supported by the resources of the GC function. The company CO is responsible for the 
overall compliance action planning for NMB and align actions with the consolidated Group Compliance planning. In addition, 
Nordea is continuing to invest in enhanced compliance standards, processes, and to adequately resource compliance. NMB as 
a subsidiary in the Nordea Group will benefit from the work done in the Group.

--- Page 186 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
48 
Note 3  Segment reporting 
 
Measurement of Operating segments' performance 
The measurement principles and allocation between operating segments follow the information reported to the Chief Operating 
Decision Maker (CODM). The CODM has been defined as NMB Board. 
 
Operating segments 
The financial results of NMB are presented as a single entity. All the operations of NMB relate to the issuance of covered bonds 
and are located in Finland. All the material operative decisions of NMB are prepared by the Chief Executive Officer and decided 
by NMB Board. Due to the business model of NMB, the nature of its operations and its governance structure, the company as a 
whole is the relevant operating segment to be reported.  
 
 
Note 4  Net interest income 
 
EURm 
2020 
2019 
Interest income 
Interest income from financial instruments calculated using the effective interest method 
Loans to credit institutions 
5.0 
5.7 
Loans to the public 
250.6 
249.8 
Other interest income 
22.5 
17.8 
Other  
Net interest income from derivatives 
1.0 
0.0 
Interest income 
279.1 
273.3 
  - Of which negative yield on liabilities 
9.3 
3.2 
Interest expense 
Interest expense from financial instruments calculated using the effective interest method 
Deposits by credit institutions 
-10.8 
-8.6 
Debt securities in issue   
-129.4 
-170.5 
Subordinated liabilities 
-2.0 
-2.2 
Other interest expenses 
-12.0 
-8.0 
Other  
Net interest income from derivatives 
110.8 
135.7 
Interest expense 
-43.5 
-53.6 
 - Of which negative yield on assets  
-3.3 
-3.1 
Net interest income  
235.6 
219.7 
 
Interest on impaired loans amounted to an insignificant portion of interest income. 
 
 
Note 5  Net fee and commission income 
 
EURm 
 
2020 
 
2019 
Brokerage, securities issues and corporate finance 
-0.6 
-0.4 
- of which expense 
-0.6 
-0.4 
Lending Products 
10.1 
9.0 
- of which income 
10.1 
9.0 
Guarantees and liquidity facility 
-9.5 
-16.5 
- of which expense 
-9.5 
-16.5 
Other  
-0.3 
0.3 
- of which income 
0.0 
0.3 
- of which expense 
-0.3 
0.0 
Total expense 
-0.2 
-7.6 
 
Fee income, not included in determining the effective interest rate, from financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair value 
through profit or loss amounted to EUR 10.1m (9.0).  
 
Guarantees and liquidity facility contain fees arising from the services provided by Nordea Bank Abp. Guarantee expenses are 
related to covered bonds originally issued by Nordea Bank Finland Plc, where NMB has received a guarantee from Nordea Bank 
Abp to secure settlements to the holders of those bonds. Liquidity facility fees are related to the agreement with Nordea Bank 
Abp to guarantee NMB’s liquidity needs in daily operations. Guarantee expenses totalled EUR -7.8m (-13.0m) and liquidity facility 
fees amounted to EUR -1.7m (-3.5m).

--- Page 187 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
49 
Note 6  Net result from items at fair value 
EURm 
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
Interest related instruments and foreign exchange gains/losses 
 
-9.4 
0.6 
Total 
 
-9.4 
0.6 
 
 
 
Net result from categories of financial instruments 
 
 
 
EURm 
 
2020 
2019 
Financial assets and liabilities mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss 
 
107.1 
143.3 
Financial assets at amortised cost1 
 
143.2 
81.7 
Financial liabilities at amortised cost1 
 
-259.6 
-224.4 
Foreign exchange gains/losses excluding currency hedges 
 
-0.1 
0.0 
Total 
 
-9.4 
0.6 
1 These rows comprise mainly of fair value changes of hedged amortised cost assets or liabilities in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk. More information on Note 1 
Accounting policies in section Fair value hedge accounting. 
 
 
Note 7  Staff costs 
 
EURm 
2020 
2019 
Salaries and remuneration 
-1.1 
-1.5 
Pension costs (specification below) 
-0.2 
-0.3 
Social security contributions 
0.0 
0.0 
Allocation to profit-sharing foundation 
0.0 
0.0 
Other staff costs 
-0.1 
-0.1 
Total 
-1.4 
-1.9 
 
 
EURm 
2020 
2019 
Pension costs: 
 
 
Defined benefit plans 
0.0 
0.0 
Defined contribution plans 
-0.2 
-0.3 
Total 
-0.2 
-0.3 
 
Additional disclosures on remuneration under Nordic FSAs' regulation and general guidelines  
The qualitative disclosures under these regulations can be found in the separate section on remuneration in the Board of Director's 
Report, while the quantitative disclosures will be published in a separate report on Nordea's homepage (www.nordea.com) no 
later than one week before the Annual General Meeting of Nordea on 24 March 2021. 
 
 
Compensation to the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer 
As at 31 December 2020, four members of the Board of Directors of NMB were employed by Nordea Bank Abp and three 
members were external. Compensation to the members which were employees of Nordea Bank Abp was covered by their salaries 
paid by Nordea Bank Abp with cash and Nordea shares. Fees paid to external members of the Board amounted to 76,000 euros 
in 2020 (76,000). Salaries, fees and other staff related expenses to the other members of the Board were paid by Nordea Bank 
Abp. Salaries, fees, pensions and other staff related expenses paid to the Chief Executive Officer are presented below.  
 
Remuneration to the Chief Executive Officer  
Fixed salary 
Benefits 
Total 
EUR 
2020 
2020 
2020 
Chief Executive Officer 1 
 
 
 
Jussi Pajala 
142,681 
9,297 
151,978 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer2 
 
 
 
Tarja Ikonen  
17,526 
29 
17,555 
Total 
160,207 
9,326 
169,533 
1 Jussi Pajala started as the Chief Executive Officer 13 February 2020. The reported figures are based on the salary from 13 February to 31 December 2020 
2 Deputy CEO Tarja Ikonen acted as interim CEO until 13 February 2020. The reported figures are based on the salary from 1 January to 13 February 2020

--- Page 188 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
50 
Note 7  Staff costs, cont. 
 
Remuneration to the Chief Executive Officer  
 
Fixed salary 
Benefits 
Total 
EUR 
2019 
2019 
2019 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer 1 
Tarja Ikonen 
18,375 
1,070 
19,445 
Former Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
Thomas Miller  
130,514 
18,060 
148,573 
Total 
148,889 
19,130 
168,019 
1 Deputy CEO Tarja Ikonen was appointed as interim CEO in November 2019. The reported figures are based on the salary from November and December 2019 
 
There was no pension obligation for the Chief Executive Officer of Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc at the year-end 2020 or 2019.  
 
Loans granted to the Chief Executive Officer and members of the Board of Directors  
Loans in the 
balance sheet  
Paid interest  
Loans in the 
balance sheet  
Paid interest  
EUR 
2020 
2020 
2019 
2019 
Chief Executive Officer  
 
 
 
 
Jussi Pajala 
322,874 
3,073 
n/a 
n/a 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
 
Tarja Ikonen 
n/a 
n/a 
141,339 
297 
To members of the Board of 
Directors  
840,322 
5,383 
965,556 
5,642 
Total 
1,163,196 
8,456 
1,106,895 
5,939 
 
Loans to key management personnel amounted to EUR 1,768,460 in 2020 (1,692,197). Interest income on these loans amounted 
to EUR 10,054 in 2020 (7,638). In Finland the employee interest rate for loans corresponds to NMB's funding cost with a margin 
of 30 basis points.  
Guarantees and other off-balance-sheet commitments 
NMB has not pledged any assets or other collateral or committed to contingent liabilities on behalf of any key management 
personnel or auditors. The members of the administrative and controlling boards have no holdings of shares, equity warrants or 
convertible bonds issued by NMB. 
Number of employees 
Average number of employees  
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2019 
Full-time employees 
12 
20 
Part-time employees 
- 
- 
Total 
12 
20 
Total number of employees (FTEs), end of period  
12 
18

--- Page 189 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
51 
Note 8  Other expenses 
 
EURm 
2020 
2019 
Resolution fees 
-6.0 
-4.2 
Information technology 
0.0 
0.0 
Marketing and representation 
0.0 
-0.1 
Postage, transportation, telephone and office expenses 
0.0 
0.0 
Rents, premises and real estate 
0.0 
0.0 
Fees for the outsourced services provided by the parent company 
-56.5 
-60.7 
Other 
-2.2 
-1.4 
Total 
-64,7 
-66.4 
 
Auditor’s fees 
EURm 
2020 
2019 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy 
 
Auditing assignments 
-0.2 
-0.2 
Audit-related services 
-0.0 
-0.0 
Other assignments 
-0.0 
-0.0 
Total 
-0.2 
-0.2 
 
 
 
 
Note 9  Net loan losses 
 
2020, EURm  
Loans to the 
public2 
Off balance 
sheet items3 
Total 
Net loan losses, stage 1 
-1.2 
0.0 
-1.2 
Net loan losses, stage 2 
-3.7 
-0.1 
-3.8 
Net loan losses, non-defaulted 
-4.9 
-0.1 
-5.0 
 
 
 
 
Stage 3, defaulted 
 
 
 
Net loan losses, individually assessed, model-based1 
-7.4 
- 
-7.4 
Realised loan losses 
-3.2 
- 
-3.2 
Recoveries on previous realised loan losses 
-0.1 
- 
-0.1 
New/increase in provisions  
0.0 
- 
0.0 
Reversal of provisions  
0.3 
- 
0.3 
Net loan losses, defaulted 
-10.4 
- 
-10.4 
 
 
 
 
Net loan losses 
-15.3 
-0.1 
-15.4 
1 Includes individually identified assets where the provision has been calculated based on statistical models. 
2 Provisions included in Note 11 "Loans and impairment". 
3 Provisions included in Note 17 "Provisions" 
 
2020, EURm 
Net loan 
losses, 
individually 
assessed 
Net loan 
losses, 
collectively 
assessed 
Reversals 
of 
provisions 
Recoveries 
on previous 
realised loan 
losses 
Write-offs 
Total in 
Income 
Statement 
Loans to the public 
-7.4 
-4.9 
0.3 
-0.1 
-3.2 
-15.3 
Guarantees and other off-balance 
sheet items 
- 
-0.1 
- 
- 
- 
-0.1 
Net loan losses from loans 
measured at amortised cost 
-7.4 
-5.0 
0.3 
-0.1 
-3.2 
-15.4 
2020 Net loan losses comprise management judgements of EUR 7.1m booked to model based provisions. The management 
judgement covers projected loan losses not yet covered by the IFRS 9 model and identified issues in the IFRS 9 model to be 
later covered in model updates.

--- Page 190 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
52 
Note 9  Net loan losses, cont. 
 
2019, EURm  
Loans to the 
public2 
Off balance 
sheet items3 
Total 
Net loan losses, stage 1 
-0.6 
-0.1 
-0.7 
Net loan losses, stage 2 
7.4 
0.1 
7.5 
Net loan losses, non-defaulted 
6.8 
0.0 
6.8 
 
 
Stage 3, defaulted 
 
 
 
Net loan losses, individually assessed, model-based1 
-2.9 
- 
-2.9 
Realised loan losses 
-0.4 
- 
-0.4 
Recoveries on previous realised loan losses 
0.0 
- 
0.0 
New/increase in provisions  
-0.4 
- 
-0.4 
Change of parameters of statistical models  
7.2 
- 
7.2 
Net loan losses, defaulted 
3.5 
- 
3.5 
 
 
 
 
Net loan losses 
10.3 
0.0 
10.3 
1 Includes individually identified assets where the provision has been calculated based on statistical models. 
2 Provisions included in Note 11 "Loans and impairment". 
3 Provisions included in Note 17 "Provisions" 
 
2019, EURm 
Net loan 
losses, 
individually 
assessed 
Net loan 
losses, 
collectively 
assessed 
Change of 
parameters 
of statistical 
models 
Recoveries 
on previous 
realised loan 
losses 
Write-offs 
Total in 
Income 
Statement 
Loans to the public 
-3.3 
1.2 
12.9 
0.0 
-0.4 
10.3 
Guarantees and other off-balance 
sheet items 
- 
-0.1 
0.0 
- 
- 
0.0 
Net loan losses from loans 
measured at amortised cost 
-3.3 
1.1 
12.9 
0.0 
-0.4 
10.3 
 
Change of parameters of statistical models during 2019 consisted primarily of data quality and model methodology improvements, 
leading to decreased Expected Credit Loss for secured customers. In total, provisions of EUR 38.4m were reversed, of which 
25.5m was recognised through equity and the residual through income statement. New model based net loan losses of EUR -
2.2m and realised loan losses of EUR -0.4m were booked in 2019. 
 
 
 
 
Note 10  Taxes 
 
Income tax expense 
EURm 
 
2020 
 
2019 
Current tax 
-28.3 
-35.2 
Deferred tax 
-0.6 
0.1 
Total 
-28.9 
-35.1 
 
For current and deferred tax recognised in Other comprehensive income, see Statement of comprehensive income. 
 
The tax on NMB’s profit before tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the tax rate of Finland as follows: 
 
EURm 
2020 
2019 
Profit before tax 
144.6 
154.8 
Tax calculated at a tax rate of 20 %  
-28.9 
-31.0 
Non-deductible expenses 
- 
-5.1 
Adjustments relating to prior years 
- 
0.9 
Tax charge 
-28.9 
-35.1 
Average effective tax rate 
20% 
23%

--- Page 191 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
53 
Note 10  Taxes, cont. 
 
EURm 
31 Dec 
2020 
Charged 
to income 
statement 
Charged 
to OCI 
1 Jan 
2020 
31 Dec 
2019 
Charged 
to income 
statement 
Charged 
to OCI 
1 Jan 
2019 
Deferred tax assets: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans to the public 
12.2 
-0.6 
- 
12.8 
12.8 
0.1 
- 
12.7 
Retirement benefits 
0.0 
- 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
- 
0.0 
0.0 
Liabilities/provisions 
0.0 
0.0 
- 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
- 
0.0 
Netting between deferred 
tax assets and liabilities 
-4.8 
- 
-1.1 
-3.7 
-3.7 
- 
-2.9 
-0.8 
Total 
7.4 
-0.6 
-1.1 
9.1 
9.1 
0.1 
-2.9 
11.9 
 
 
EURm 
31 Dec 
2020 
Charged 
to income 
statement 
Charged 
to OCI 
1 Jan 
2020 
31 Dec 
2019 
Charged 
to income 
statement 
Charged 
to OCI 
1 Jan 
2019 
Deferred tax liabilities: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans to the public 
4.8 
- 
1.1 
3.7 
3.7 
- 
2.9 
0.8 
Netting between deferred 
tax assets and liabilities 
-4.8 
- 
-1.1 
-3.7 
-3.7 
- 
-2.9 
-0.8 
Total 
0.0 
- 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
- 
0.0 
0.0 
 
Net deferred tax asset 
7.4 
-0.6 
-1.1 
9.1 
9.1 
0.1 
-2.9 
11.9 
 
There were no unrecognised deferred tax assets in 2020 or 2019. 
 
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets against 
current tax liabilities, when the deferred tax income relates to the same fiscal authority. 
 
 
 
 
 
Note 11  Loans and impairment  
 
Despite COVID-19, the credit quality of NMB’s loan book has remained strong. The Nordea Group level method for impairment 
is applied in NMB. Macro-economic scenarios have been updated, including longer-term view of the expected impact of the 
economic downturn. Furthermore, a thorough review of NMB’s loan book has been concluded.  
 
EURm 
 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2019 
 
 
 
 
Loans measured at amortised cost, not impaired (stage 1 and 2) 
 
29,129.9 
27 170.6 
Impaired loans (stage 3) 
 
240.7 
240.9 
- of which servicing 
 
24.6 
29.4 
- of which non-servicing 
 
216.1 
211.5 
Loans before allowances 
 
29,370.6 
27,411.5 
-of which credit institutions 
 
582.7 
666.4 
Allowances for impaired loans (stage 3) 
 
-12.5 
-5.3 
- of which servicing 
 
-1.2 
-0.9 
- of which non-servicing 
 
-11.3 
-4.4 
Allowances for impaired loans (stage 1 and 2) 
 
-11.2 
-6.4 
Allowances1 
 
-23.7 
-11.7 
-of which credit institutions 
 
- 
- 
Loans, carrying amount 
 
29,346.9 
27 399.8 
- of which Loans to credit institutions 
 
582.7 
666.4 
- of which Loans to the public 
 
28,764.2 
26,733.4 
1 Allowances 31 December 2020 comprise management judgements of EUR 7.1m covering projected loan losses not yet covered by the IFRS 9 model and identified 
issues in the IFRS 9 model to be later covered in model updates.

--- Page 192 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
54 
Note 12  Derivatives and hedge accounting 
 
NMB enters into derivatives for risk management purposes. Derivatives held for risk management purposes include hedges that 
either meet the hedge accounting requirements or hedges that are economic hedges but do not meet the hedge accounting 
requirements. The table below shows the fair values of derivative financial instruments together with their notional amounts. The 
notional amounts indicate the volume of transactions outstanding at the year end and are not indicative of either the market or 
credit risk.  
 
Carrying amount 
Total 
31 Dec 2020, EURm 
Positive 
Negative 
nominal amount 
Derivatives not used for hedge accounting 
Interest rate derivatives 
Interest rate swaps 
6.0 
0.7 
18,950.0 
Total derivatives  
6.0 
0.7 
18,950.0 
 
 
 
 
Derivatives used for hedge accounting 
 
 
 
Interest rate derivatives 
686.5 
330.5 
41,115.6 
Foreign exchange derivatives 
26.1 
- 
116.2 
Other derivatives 
139.6 
- 
8,343.2 
Total derivatives used for hedge accounting 
852.2 
330.5 
49,575.0 
- of which cash flow hedges 
53.7 
- 
673.0 
- of which fair value hedges 
798.5 
330.5 
48,902.1 
 
 
 
Total derivatives  
858.2 
331.3 
68,525.0 
 
 
Carrying amount 
Total 
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Positive 
Negative 
nominal amount 
Derivatives not used for hedge accounting  
Interest rate derivatives 
Interest rate swaps 
6.4 
9.3 
18,125.0 
Total derivatives  
6.4 
9.3 
18,125.0 
 
Derivatives used for hedge accounting 
Interest rate derivatives 
612.8 
189.7 
32,117.6 
Foreign exchange derivatives 
29.2 
- 
116.2 
Other derivatives 
63.1 
- 
13,277.9 
Total derivatives used for hedge accounting 
705.1 
189.7 
45,511.7 
- of which cash flow hedges 
42.2 
- 
656.3 
- of which fair value hedges 
662.9 
189.7 
44,855.4 
Total derivatives  
711.5 
199.0 
63,636.7 
 
Risk management 
NMB manages its identified market risks according to the risk management framework and strategy described in the Market risk 
section in Note 2 ”Risk and Liquidity management”. 
 
Interest rate risk 
NMB is a mortgage bank, with a significant majority of assets being loans and receivables to the public. These assets are primarily 
funded through covered bonds and intragroup funding. Interest rate risk is the impact that changes in interest rates could have 
on NMB’s margins, profit or loss and equity. Interest risk arises from mismatch of interest from interest-bearing liabilities and 
assets such as issued debt securities and loan portfolio. 
As part of NMB’s risk management strategy, the Board of NMB has issued risk appetite statements for the banking book and 
NMB aligns its hedge accounting objectives to keep exposures within those limits. For further information on measurement of 
risks, see the Market risk section in Note 2 ”Risk and Liquidity management”. 
For hedge accounting relationships related to interest rate risk, the hedged item is the benchmark rate. The hedging ratio is one-
to-one and is established by matching the notional of the derivatives against the principal of the hedged item.   
Interest risk arises from mismatch of interest from interest-bearing liabilities and assets such as issued debt securities. In order 
to hedge the risk, NMB uses the hedging instruments, which are interest rate derivatives to swap interest rate exposures into 
either fixed or variable rates, in order to manage the risk, and limit the impact on Nordea's margins, profit or loss, and equity. 
NMB designates risk component of hedged items as follows: 
- 
benchmark interest rate risk as a component of interest rate risk, such as the EURIBOR.  Using the benchmark interest 
rate risk can result in other risks, such as credit risk and liquidity risk, being excluded from the hedge accounting 
relationship; and 
- 
components of cashflows of hedged items.

--- Page 193 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
55 
Note 12  Derivatives and hedge accounting, cont. 
 
The benchmark rate is determined as a change in present value of the future cash flows using benchmark rate discount curves. 
The benchmark rate is separately identifiable and reliably measurable and is typically the most significant component of the 
overall change in fair value or cash flows. 
Fair value hedges 
In order to reduce or mitigate the risk of changes in the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities due to movements in 
interest rates, NMB enters into fair value hedge relationships by transforming the fixed interest rate risk in recognised financial 
assets and financial liabilities to floating with interest rate swaps. NMB designate a portfolio of derivatives, as a hedge of similar  
aggregated assets or liabilities as a group since individual assets or individual liabilities in the group share the risk exposure that 
is designated as being hedged. 
There is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument as the terms of the interest rate swap 
match the terms of the fixed rate assets or liabilities (i.e. notional amount, maturity, payment and reset dates). The hedged item 
notional amount is the core stable volume and its maturity is based on expected repricing dates, rather than contractual terms. 
The table below presents the accumulated fair value adjustments arising from continuing hedge relationships, irrespective of 
whether or not there has been a change in hedge designation during the year. 
Hedged items 
Interest rate risk 
EURm 
  
31 Dec  
2020 
31 Dec 
2019 
Fair value hedges 
Carrying amount of hedged assets1 
18,560.6  
15,295.3 
  - of which accumulated amount of fair value hedge adjustment3 
230.3  
174.5 
Carrying amount of hedged liabilities2 
13,450.0  
15,850.1 
  - of which accumulated amount of fair value hedge adjustment3 
  
716.8  
544.8 
1 Presented on the balance sheet rows Cash and balances with central banks, Loans to credit institutions, Loans to the public and Fair value 
changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk. 
2 Presented on the balance sheet rows, Debt securities in issue and Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate 
risk. 
3 Of which all relates to continuing portfolio hedges of interest rate risk. 
 
The following table provides information about the hedging instruments included in the line item Derivatives on the balance 
sheet: 
Hedging instruments 
Carrying amount 
Total nom 
amount 
31 Dec 2020, EURm 
Positive 
Negative 
Fair value hedges 
 
 
 
Interest rate risk 
 798.5 
330.5  
48,902.1 
 
 
 
Carrying amount 
Total nom 
amount 
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Positive 
Negative 
Fair value hedges 
Interest rate risk 
662.9  
189.7 
44,855.4 
 
 
The table below presents the changes in the fair value of the hedged items and the changes in fair value of the hedging 
instruments used as the basis for recognising ineffectiveness. These changes are recognised on the row ”Net result from items 
at fair value” in the income statement. 
Hedge ineffectiveness 
Interest rate risk 
EURm 
  
2020 
2019 
Fair value hedge 
Changes in fair value of hedging instruments 
96.9 
141.7 
Changes in fair value of hedged items used as basis for recognising hedge ineffectiveness 
-112.6 
-139.6 
Hedge ineffectiveness recognised in the income statement1 
-15.7 
2.1 
1 Recognised on the row Net result from items at fair value. 
Source of ineffectiveness relates to mismatch between the reset frequency of the swap and the benchmark frequency 
Cash flow hedges 
For NMB’s cash flow hedge of interest rate risk relate to exposures to the variability in future interest payments and receipts due 
to the movement of benchmark interest rates on forecast transactions and on recognised financial assets and financial liabilities. 
This variability in cash flows is hedged by interest rate swaps, fixing the hedged cashflows on EUR denominated floating loans 
according to NMB’s policies and risk management strategy described in Note 1, section X, and in the Market risk section in Note 
2 ”Risk and Liquidity management”.

--- Page 194 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
56 
Note 12  Derivatives and hedge accounting, cont. 
 
There is an economic relationship between the hedged items and the hedging instruments as the terms of the interest rate swaps 
match the terms of the future interest cash flows (i.e. notional amount and expected payment date). Changes in the valuation of 
swaps that are in effective cash flow hedge relationships are recognised in cash flow hedge reserves. 
The tables below provide information about the hedging instruments as well as the outcome of the cash flow hedges addressing 
interest rate risk including the notional and the carrying amounts of the hedging instruments and the changes in fair values used 
for measuring hedge ineffectiveness separately showing the effective and ineffective portions. 
Hedging instruments 
Carrying amount 
Total nom 
amount 
31 Dec 2020, EURm 
Positive 
Negative 
Cash flow hedges 
Interest rate risk 
28.4  
- 
560.0 
 
 
 
Carrying amount 
Total nom 
amount 
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Positive 
Negative 
Cash flow hedges 
Interest rate risk 
18.0  
- 
560.0 
 
Hedge ineffectiveness 
No ineffectiveness recognised in cash flow hedges in 2020 or 2019, related to interest rate risk. 
 
Cash flow hedge reserve (effective portion) 
Interest rate risk 
EURm 
  
2020 
2019 
Balance at 1 Jan 
 
10.9 
3.3 
Cash flow hedges: 
 
 
  Valuation gains/losses during the year 
5.4 
13.8 
  Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year 
-1.1 
-2.8 
  Transferred to the income statement during the year 
-4.7 
-4.4 
  Tax on transfers to the income statement during the year 
0.9 
0.9 
Fair value reserve, net of tax 
0.6 
7.6 
Total through cash-flow hedge reserve 
0.6 
7.6 
Balance at 31 Dec 
  
11.5 
10.9 
  -of which relates to continuing hedges for which hedge accounting is applied 
11.5 
10.9 
The maturity profile of NMB’s hedging instruments used to hedge interest rate risk (both fair value and cash flow hedge 
accounting) follows below. 
Maturity profile of the nominal amount of hedging instruments 
 
31 Dec 2020, EURm 
Payable on 
demand 
Maximum 3 
months 
3-12 
months 
1-5  
years 
More than 
5 years 
Total 
Instrument hedging interest rate risk  
- 
1,483.4 
1,328.0 23,831.0 
22,819.6 49,462.1  
Total 
- 
1,483.4 
1,328.0 23,831.0 
22,819.6 49,462.1  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Payable on 
demand 
Maximum 3 
months 
3-12 
months 
1-5  
years 
More than 
5 years 
Total 
Instrument hedging interest rate risk  
- 
1,828.8 
2,648.9 22,415.7 
18,502.2 
45,395.5 
Total 
- 
1,828.8 
2,648.9 22,415.7 
18,502.2 
45,395.5 
Currency risk 
Currency risk is the risk that the value of a financial instrument will fluctuate due to changes in foreign exchange rates. Currency 
risk in NMB relates mainly to covered bonds issued in foreign exchange rates. NMB’s assets and liabilities are otherwise in EUR 
but one outstanding covered bond has been issued in CHF, thus exposing NMB to a foreign exchange risk.  
Differences in exposures to individual currencies that exist between different transactions are predominantly matched by entering 
into cross currency interest rate swaps. The currency component is designated as a cash flow hedge of currency risk and the 
interest component as a fair value hedge of interest rate risk. 
For hedge accounting relationships related to currency risk, the hedged item is a foreign currency component. The hedging ratio 
is one-to-one and is established by matching the notional of the derivatives against the principal of the hedged item. 
The currency component is determined as the change in present value of the future cash flows using foreign exchange curves. 
The foreign currency component is separately identifiable and reliably measurable and is typically the most significant component 
of the overall change in fair value or cash flows. (see the Market risk section in Note 2 ”Risk and Liquidity management”).

--- Page 195 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
57 
Note 12  Derivatives and hedge accounting, cont. 
 
Cash flow hedges 
The tables below provide information about the outcome of the cash flow hedges addressing currency risks including the notional 
and the carrying amounts of the hedging instruments and the changes in fair values used for measuring hedge ineffectiveness 
separately showing the effective and ineffective portions. 
 
Hedging instruments 
Carrying amount 
Total nom 
amount 
31 Dec 2020, EURm 
Positive 
Negative 
Cash flow hedges 
Foreign exchange risk 
25.4 
- 
113.0 
Total derivatives used for hedge accounting 
852.2 
330.5 
49,575.0 
 
 
 
Carrying amount 
Total nom 
amount 
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Positive 
Negative 
Cash flow hedges  
Foreign exchange risk 
24.2 
- 
96.3 
Total derivatives used for hedge accounting 
705.1 
189.7 
45,511.7 
Hedge ineffectiveness 
No ineffectiveness recognised in cash flow hedges in 2020 or 2019, related to foreign exchange risk. 
Cash flow hedge reserve (effective portion) 
Interest Rate Risk & Foreign Exchange Risk 
EURm 
2020 
2019 
Balance at 1 Jan 
3.7  
-0.1 
Cash flow hedges: 
  
 
  Valuation gains/losses during the year 
1.1  
5.4 
  Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year 
-0.2  
-1.1 
  Transferred to the income statement during the year 
4.2  
-0.6 
  Tax on transfers to the income statement during the year 
-0.8  
0.1 
Fair value reserve, net of tax 
4.2  
3.8 
Total through cash flow hedge reserve 
4.2  
3.8 
Balance at 31 Dec 
7.9  
3.7 
-  of which relates to continuing hedges for which hedge accounting is applied 
7.9  
3.7 
 
Maturity profile of the nominal amount of hedging instruments 
31 Dec 2020, EURm 
Payable on 
demand 
Maximum 
3 months 
3-12 
months 
1-5  
years 
More than 
5 years 
Total 
Instrument hedging foreign exchange risk 
-  
113.0  
0.0  
0.0  
0.0  
113.0  
Total 
-  
113.0  
0.0  
0.0  
0.0  
113.0  
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Payable on 
demand 
Maximum 
3 months 
3-12 
months 
1-5  
years 
More than 
5 years 
Total 
Instrument hedging foreign exchange risk 
- 
0.0 
0.0 
116.2 
0.0 
116.2 
Total 
- 
0.0 
0.0 
116.2 
0.0 
116.2

--- Page 196 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
58 
Note 12  Derivatives and hedge accounting, cont. 
The IBOR reform  
 
 
The IBOR transition is a global reform with significant impact on the financial industry. It will affect a large variety of financial 
services and thus individuals, companies and institutions. The transition will influence products, market liquidity, risk 
management, data and technology infrastructure as well as financials and the balance sheet. IBORs are embedded in a vast 
range of financial instruments including loans, mortgages, bonds, trading product and derivative contracts. 
Current expectations are that some IBORs will be replaced, while others may continue to exist but with a reformed methodology. 
There is currently uncertainty as to the timing and the methods of transition for the different IBORs and whether some existing 
benchmarks will continue to be supported. EONIA (for EUR) as well as GBP, JPY, CHF and EUR LIBOR will likely cease to exist 
after 2021, USD LIBOR will likely cease to exist mid-2023, while EURIBOR and the Nordic IBORs are expected to be available 
beyond 2021 in reformed formats. 
Nordea has established an IBOR Transition Programme to prepare and coordinate Group-wide efforts to manage the operational 
impacts and financial risks caused by the transition from existing IBOR rates to alternative near risk-free rates. NMB has adopted 
the amendments to IFRS 7 and IAS 39 in Phase I but not yet the amendments in Phase II.  In the table below, nominal amounts 
of the hedging derivatives in scope for the relief are disclosed.  
Hedging derivatives with floating leg 
Total nominal amounts 
EURm 
2020 
2019 
EURIBOR 
49,380 
45,272 
Total 
49,380 
45,272 
 
 
 
Note 13 Other assets 
 
EURm 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2019 
Receivables from the parent company 
88.3 
- 
Other  
1.9 
2.6 
Total 
90.2 
2.6 
 
 
 
Note 14 Prepaid expenses and accrued income 
 
EURm 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2019 
Other accrued income1 
8.4 
29.6 
Total 
8.4 
29.6 
1Unsettled debt between Nordea Group and Nordea Mortgage Bank. Consists of loan origination fees to be invoiced from Nordea Bank Abp and ORO service fees to be 
invoiced from Nordea Eiendomskreditt and Nordea Hypotek. 
 
 
 
Note 15  Other liabilities 
 
EURm 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2019 
Accounts payable 
-2.4 
-0.8 
Dividends payable 
57.8 
89.8 
Other 
4.0 
3.1 
Total 
59.4 
92.1 
 
 
 
Note 16  Accrued expenses and prepaid income 
 
EURm 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2019 
Accrued interest 
0.0 
4.8 
Other accrued expenses 
78.4 
97.2 
Prepaid income 
55.0 
66.8 
Total 
133.4 
168.8

--- Page 197 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
59 
Note 17  Provisions 
 
EURm 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2019 
Guarantees/commitments 
0.1 
0.1 
Total 
0.1 
0.1 
Loan loss provisions for individually assessed guarantees and other commitments amounts to EUR 0.1m (0.1). For further 
information, see Note 2. 
 
 
 
 
Note 18 Retirement benefit obligations 
 
Net retirement benefit liabilities 
EURm 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2019 
Obligations 
0.6 
0.6 
Plan assets 
0.4 
0.4 
Net liability(-)/asset (+) 
-0.2 
-0.2 
 
NMB’s defined benefit plans are arranged in Nordea Pension Foundation.  
 
Characteristics of the Nordea Pension Foundation 
Nordea Pension Foundation plan is a final salary and service-based pension plan providing pension benefits on top of the 
statutory systems. The employer has promised a certain level of benefit after retirement to a certain group of employees within 
the plan. Plan’s operation is managed by the Board of Members. The board consists of both employers’ and employee’s 
representatives. The Board of Members has named a managing director to take care of regular operations in the foundation. 
 
The plan exposes the employer to certain risks. If the return of foundation’s assets is not enough to cover the increment of liability 
and benefit payments over the financial year then the employer funds the deficit with contributions. The present value of the 
defined benefit liability is calculated using a discount rate determined by reference to high quality bond yields. A decrease in the 
corporate bond yields increases the liabilities along with increment of plan’s benefit obligation calculated according to IAS 19. 
However, part of increment of obligation is offset by asset increment along with the increment of plan’s bond holdings. Asset 
volatility may also impact NMB although basically the distribution of assets to different asset classes is strictly dictated by 
authorities so significant concentration risk cannot be borne. The plan’s benefits in payment are tied to TyEL-index which depends 
on inflation (80 %) and common salary index (20 %). Higher inflation increases the TyEL-index which leads to an increase in 
liabilities. Higher inflation causes extra challenges to investment activities from which the employer in the last resort is responsible.  
The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the best estimate of the mortality of plan 
participants both during and after their employment. An increase in life expectancy of the plan participants will increase the plan’s 
liability. 
IAS 19 pension calculations and assumptions 
Calculations on defined benefit plans are performed by external liability calculators and are based on the actuarial assumptions. 
Assumptions 
  
Finland 
Finland 
 
 
2020 
2019 
Discount rate1 
 
0.15% 
0.60% 
Salary increase 
 
1.75% 
1.75% 
Inflation 
 
1.25% 
1.25% 
Mortality 
 
Gompertz 
Gompertz 
Increase in income base amount 
 
1.70% 
1.70% 
1 More information on the discount rate can be found in Note 1. section 16.  
The sensitivity analyses are prepared by changing one actuarial assumption while keeping the other assumptions unchanged. 
This is a simplified approach because the actuarial assumptions are usually correlated. However, it enables isolating one effect 
from another. The method used for calculating the impact on the obligation is the same as when calculating the obligation 
accounted for in the financial statements. 
 
Movements in the obligation 
EURm 
 2020 
 2019 
Opening balance 
0.6 
0.5 
Current service cost 
0.0 
0.0 
Interest expense 
0.0 
0.0 
Remeasurement from changes in financial assumptions 
0.1 
0.1 
Remeasurement from changes experience adjustments 
-0.1 
0.0 
Closing balance 
0.6 
0.6 
 
The average duration of the obligation is 23 years (24). The duration is based on discounted cash flows. The fact of the defined 
benefit plans being closed for new entrants gives a lower duration.

--- Page 198 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
60 
Note 18 Retirement benefit obligations, cont. 
 
Movements in the fair value of plan assets 
EURm 
2020 
2019 
Opening balance 
0.4 
0.4 
Interest income (calculated using the discount rate) 
0.0 
0.0 
Refund from the Pension Foundation 
0.0 
0.0 
Remeasurement (actual return less interest income) 
0.0 
0.0 
Closing balance 
0.4 
0.4 
 
Asset composition 
The combined return on assets in 2020 was -6% (3). At the end of the year, the equity exposure in pension foundation represented 
19% (26) of total assets. The company is not expected to pay contribution to its defined benefit plans in 2021. 
 
Defined benefit pension cost 
Only a minor pension cost related to defined benefit plans has been recognised in the income statement (as staff costs) in 2020. 
Total pension costs comprise defined benefit pension costs as well as costs related to defined contribution plans (see specification 
in Note 7). 
 
Key management personnel 
As at 31 December 2020 four members of the Board of Directors of Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc were employed by Nordea 
Bank Abp and three members were external.  
 
Information on salaries, loans and pension liabilities regarding the members of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer is 
presented in Note 7.  
 
 
 
 
Note 19  Subordinated liabilities 
 
EURm 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2019 
Dated subordinated debenture loans 
200.5 
200.5 
Total 
200.5 
200.5 
 
These debenture loans are subordinated to other liabilities. Dated debenture loans entitle the lender to payment before undated 
subordinated loans and hybrid capital loans. Within each respective category. the loans entitle lenders to equal payment rights.  
 
Issued by 
 Year of issue 
 / maturity 
Nominal value. 
EURm 
Carrying amount. 
EURm 
Interest rate 
 (coupon) 
Nordea Bank Abp1 
2016/2026 
200.0 
200.5 
Floating 3-
month 
EURIBOR 
+1.42%  
 1 Call date 1 October 2021 
 
 
 
Note 20 Equity 
 
Total number of shares of NMB registered were 257.7 million. All the shares in NMB are held by Nordea Bank Abp. Pursuant to 
the Articles of Association the Bank's minimum share capital is EUR 5 million and maximum share capital EUR 500 million. 
 
No decision was made during the financial year to issue equity warrants or convertible bonds entitling to subscription of shares 
in the NMB. At the end of 2020, NMB held no authorisations given by the General Meeting for issuance or buybacks of shares, 
equity warrants or convertible bonds.

--- Page 199 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
61 
Note 21  Assets pledged as security for own liabilities 
 
EURm 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2019 
Assets pledged for own liabilities  
 
 
Loans to the public 
22,934.8 
21,943.2 
Total 
22,934.8 
21,943.2 
The above pledges pertain to the following liabilities  
 
 
Debt securities in issue   
19,750.8 
16,111.7 
Total 
19,750.8 
16,111.7 
 
Loans to the public amounting to EUR 22,934.8m (21,943.2) have been registered as collateral for issued Finnish covered 
bonds amounting to EUR 19,750.8m (16,111.7) In the event of the company's insolvency, the holders of these bonds have 
priority to the assets registered as collateral. Collaterals are valuated up to the first 70% of the market value of the property. 
 
 
 
Note 22  Classification of financial instruments 
 
 
 
Fair value through profit or loss 
 
 
31 Dec 2020, EURm 
Amortised 
 cost 
Mandatorily 
Non-financial 
assets  
Total 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Cash and balances with central banks  
241.8 
- 
- 
241.8 
Loans to credit institutions 
582.7 
- 
- 
582.7 
Loans to the public 
28,764.2 
- 
- 
28,764.2 
Derivatives 
- 
858.2 
 - 
858.2 
Fair value changes of the hedged items in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk 
230.3 
- 
- 
230.3 
Deferred tax assets 
- 
- 
7.4 
7.4 
Current tax assets 
- 
- 
0.0 
0.0 
Other assets 
88,3 
- 
1,9 
90.2 
Prepaid expenses and accrued income 
- 
- 
8.4 
8.4 
Total 
29,907,3 
858.2 
17,7 
30,783.2 
 
 
 
 
Fair value through profit or loss 
 
 
31 Dec 2020, EURm 
Amortised  
cost 
Mandatorily 
Non-financial 
liabilities 
Total 
Liabilities 
Deposits by credit institutions 
8,386.6 
- 
- 
8,386.6 
Debt securities in issue  
19,750.8 
- 
- 
19,750.8 
Derivatives 
- 
331.3 
- 
331.3 
Fair value changes of the hedged items 
in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk 
716.8 
- 
- 
716.8 
Current tax liabilities 
- 
- 
6.9 
6.9 
Other liabilities 
-2.4 
- 
61.8 
59.4 
Accrued expenses and prepaid income 
55.0 
- 
78.4 
133.4 
Provisions 
- 
- 
0.1 
0.1 
Retirement benefit liabilities 
- 
- 
0.2 
0.2 
Subordinated liabilities 
200.5 
- 
- 
200.5 
Total 
29,107.3 
331.3 
147.4 
29,586,0

--- Page 200 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
62 
Note 22  Classification of financial instruments, cont. 
 
 
 
 
Fair value through profit or loss 
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Amortised 
 Cost 
Mandatorily 
Non-financial 
assets  
Total 
Assets 
Cash and balances with central banks  
1,694.4 
- 
- 
1,694.4 
Loans to credit institutions 
666.4 
- 
- 
666.4 
Loans to the public 
26,733.4 
- 
- 
26,733.4 
Derivatives 
- 
711.5 
  
711.5 
Fair value changes of the hedged items 
in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk 
174.5 
- 
- 
174.5 
Deferred tax assets 
- 
- 
9.2 
9.2 
Other assets 
- 
- 
2.6 
2.6 
Prepaid expenses and accrued income 
- 
- 
29.6 
29.6 
Total 
29,268.7 
711.5 
41.4 
30,021.6 
 
 
 
 
 
Fair value through profit or loss 
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Amortised  
cost 
Mandatorily 
Non-financial 
liabilities 
Total 
Liabilities 
Deposits by credit institutions 
11,560.4 
- 
- 
11,560.4 
Debt securities in issue  
16,111.7 
- 
- 
16,111.7 
Derivatives 
- 
199.0 
- 
199.0 
Fair value changes of the hedged 
items in portfolio hedge of interest rate 
risk 
544.8 
- 
- 
544.8 
Current tax liabilities 
- 
- 
9.4 
9.4 
Other liabilities 
-0.8 
- 
92.9 
92.1 
Accrued expenses and prepaid income 
71.6 
- 
97.2 
168.8 
Provisions 
- 
- 
0.1 
0.1 
Retirement benefit liabilities 
- 
- 
0.2 
0.2 
Subordinated liabilities 
200.5 
- 
- 
200.5 
Total 
28,488.2 
199.0 
199.8 
28,887.0 
 
 
 
 
Note 23  Assets and liabilities at fair value 
 
Fair value of financial assets and liabilities 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2019 
EURm 
Carrying amount 
Fair value 
Carrying amount 
Fair value 
Financial assets 
Cash and balances with central banks 
241.8 
241.8 
1,694.4 
1,694.4 
Loans 
29,577.2 
30,465.5 
27,574.3 
28,513.0 
Derivatives 
858.2 
858.2 
711.5 
711.5 
Other assets 
88.3 
88.3 
- 
- 
Total financial assets 
30,765.5 
31,653.8 
29,980,2 
30,918.9 
 
 
Financial liabilities 
 
 
Deposits and debt instruments 
29,054.7 
29,249.5 
28,417.4 
28,541.9 
Derivatives 
331.3 
331.3 
199.0 
199.0 
Other liabilities 
-2.4 
-2.4 
-0.8 
-0.8 
Accrued expenses and prepaid income 
55.0 
55.0 
71.6 
71.6 
Total financial liabilities 
29,438.6 
29,633.4 
28,687.2 
28,811.7

--- Page 201 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
63 
Note 23  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont. 
 
For information about the valuation of items measured at fair value on the balance sheet, see Note 1 and the section 
"Determination of fair values for items measured at fair value on the balance sheet" in this note. For information about valuation 
of items not measured at fair value on the balance sheet, see the section "Financial assets and liabilities not held at fair value 
on the balance sheet" in this note. 
 
Assets and liabilities held at fair value on the balance sheet 
 
Categorisation into the fair value hierarchy 
Quoted prices in 
active markets for 
same instrument 
Valuation 
technique using 
observable data   
Valuation technique 
using non-
observable data   
31 Dec 2020, EURm 
 (Level 1) 
(Level 2) 
(Level 3) 
Total 
Assets at fair value on the balance sheet1 
Derivatives 
- 
718.7 
- 
718.7 
Total 
- 
718.7 
- 
718.7 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities at fair value on the balance sheet1 
 
 
 
 
Derivatives 
- 
331.3 
- 
331.3 
Total 
- 
331.3 
- 
331.3 
1 All items are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at the end of each reporting period.  
 
Quoted prices in 
active markets for 
same instrument 
Valuation 
technique using 
observable data 
Valuation technique 
using non-
observable data 
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
 (Level 1) 
(Level 2) 
(Level 3) 
Total 
Assets at fair value on the balance sheet1 
Derivatives 
- 
711.5 
- 
711.5 
Total 
- 
711.5 
- 
711.5 
Liabilities at fair value on the balance sheet1 
- 
- 
Derivatives 
- 
199.0 
- 
199.0 
Total 
- 
199.0 
- 
199.0 
1 All items are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at the end of each reporting period. 
Determination of fair values for items measured at fair value on the balance sheet 
Fair value measurements of assets and liabilities carried at fair value have been categorised under the three levels of the IFRS 
fair value hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for 
identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The categorisation of these 
instruments is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. 
Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy consists of assets and liabilities valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for 
identical assets or liabilities. An active market for the asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability 
occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an on-going basis. NMB does not have any Level 1 
instruments. 
Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy consists of assets and liabilities that do not have directly quoted market prices available from 
active markets. The fair values are based on quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets or quoted prices for 
identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. Alternatively, the fair values are estimated using valuation 
techniques or valuation models based on market prices or rates prevailing at the balance sheet date and where any 
unobservable inputs have had an insignificant impact on the fair values. This is the case for the majority of Nordea’s OTC 
derivatives and other instruments where active markets supply the input to the valuation techniques or models.  
Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy consists of those types of assets and liabilities for which fair values cannot be obtained 
directly from quoted market prices or indirectly using valuation techniques or models supported by observable market prices or 
rates. NMB does not have any Level 3 instruments. 
All valuation models, both complex and simple models, make use of market prices and inputs. These markets prices and inputs 
comprise interest rates, volatilities, correlations etc. Some of these prices and inputs are observable while others are not. For 
most non-exotic currencies the interest rates are all observable, and the implied volatilities and the correlations of the interest 
rates and FX rates may be observable through option prices up to a certain maturity. Implied volatilities and correlations are 
may also be observable for the most liquid equity instruments in the short end. For less liquid equity instruments the option 
market is fairly illiquid, and hence the volatilities and correlations are unobservable. For each instrument the sensitivity towards 
unobservable parameters is measured. If the impact from unobservable parameters on the valuation is significant the 
instrument is categorised as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
Fair value of financial assets and liabilities are generally calculated as the theoretical net present value of the individual 
instruments. This calculation is supplemented by a portfolio adjustment.

--- Page 202 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
64 
Note 23  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont. 
 
Nordea incorporates credit valuation adjustments (CVA) and debit valuation adjustments (DVA) into derivative valuations. CVA 
and DVA reflect the impact on fair value of the counterparty's credit risk and Nordea’s own credit quality respectively. Calculations 
are based on estimates of exposure at default, probability of default and recovery rates on a counterparty basis.  
Generally, exposure at default for CVA and DVA is based on expected exposure and estimated through the simulation of 
underlying risk factors. Where possible, probabilities of defaults (PDs) and recovery rates are sourced from the CDS markets. 
For counterparties that do not have a liquid CDS, PDs are estimated using a cross sectional regression model, which calculates 
an appropriate proxy CDS spread given each counterparty's rating region and industry. 
The impact of funding costs and funding benefits on valuation of uncollateralised and imperfectly collateralised derivatives is 
recognised as a funding fair valuation adjustment (FFVA). In addition, Nordea applies in its fair value measurement close-out-
cost valuation adjustments and model risk adjustments for identified model deficiencies. 
Financial assets and liabilities not held at fair value on the balance sheet 
31 Dec 2020, EURm 
  
Carrying 
amount 
Fair value 
Level in fair 
value hierarchy 
Assets not held at fair value on the balance sheet 
Cash and balances with central banks 
241.8 
241.8 
3 
Loans 
29,577.2 
30,465.5 
3 
Other assets 
 
88.3 
88.3 
3 
Total 
  
29,907.3 
30,795.6 
  
 
 
 
Liabilities not held at fair value on the balance sheet 
 
 
 
Deposits and debt instruments 
29,054.8 
29,249.5 
3 
Other liabilities 
-2.4 
-2.4 
3 
Accrued expenses and prepaid income 
55.0 
55.0 
3 
Total 
  
29,107.4 
29,302.1 
  
 
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
  
Carrying 
amount 
Fair value 
Level in fair 
value hierarchy 
Assets not held at fair value on the balance sheet 
Cash and balances with central banks 
1,694.4 
1,694.4 
3 
Loans 
27,574.3 
28,513.0 
3 
Total 
  
29,268.7 
30,207.4 
  
Liabilities not held at fair value on the balance sheet 
Deposits and debt instruments 
28,417.4 
28,541.9 
3 
Other liabilities 
 
-0.8 
-0.8 
3 
Accrued expenses and prepaid income 
71.6 
71.6 
3 
Total 
  
28,488.2 
28,612.7 
  
 
 
 
Cash and balances with central banks  
The fair value of "Cash and balances with central banks", is due to its short-term nature, assumed to equal the carrying amount 
and is thus is categorised into Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
Loans 
The fair value of "Loans to credit institutions" and "Loans to the public" have been estimated by discounting the expected future 
cash flows with an assumed customer interest rate that would have been used on the market if the loans had been issued at 
the time of the measurement. The assumed customer interest rate is calculated as the benchmark interest rate plus the 
average margin on new lending. The fair value measurement is categorised into Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
Prepaid expenses and accrued income 
The balance sheet items "Prepaid expenses and accrued income" consist of short receivables, mainly accrued interest 
receivables. The fair value is therefore considered to equal the carrying amount and is categorised into Level 3 in the fair value 
hierarchy.

--- Page 203 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
65 
Note 23  Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont. 
 
Deposits and debt instruments 
The fair value of “Deposits by credit institutions”, “Debt securities in issue” and “Subordinated liabilities” has been calculated as 
the carrying amount adjusted for fair value changes in interest rate risk and in own credit risk. The fair value is categorised into 
Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value changes related to interest rate risk is based on changes in relevant interest 
rates compared with the corresponding nominal interest rate in the portfolios. The fair value changes in the credit risk is 
calculated as a difference between the credit spread in the nominal interest rate compared with the current spread that is 
observed in the market. This calculation is performed on an aggregated level for all long-term issuances recognised in the 
balance sheet items “Debt securities in issue” and “Subordinated liabilities”. As the contractual maturity is short for “Deposits by 
credit institutions” and “Deposits and borrowing from the public” the changes in Nordea´s own credit risk related to these items 
is assumed not to be significant. This is also the case for short term issuances recognised in the balance sheet items “Debt 
securities in issue” and “Subordinated liabilities”. 
Accrued expenses and prepaid income 
The balance sheet item "Accrued expenses and prepaid income" consists of short-term liabilities, mainly liabilities on securities 
settlement. The fair value is therefore considered to be equal to the carrying amount and is categorised into level 3 in the fair 
value hierarchy.

--- Page 204 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
66 
Note 24  Financial instruments set off on balance or subject to netting agreements 
 
Amounts not set off but subject to 
master netting agreements and similar 
agreements 
31 Dec 2020, EURm 
Gross 
recognised 
financial 
assets1 
Gross 
recognised 
financial 
liabilities 
set off on 
the 
balance 
sheet 
Net 
carrying 
amount on 
the 
balance 
sheet 
Financial 
instruments 
Financial 
collateral 
received 
Cash 
collateral 
received 
Net amount 
Assets 
Derivatives 
858.2 
- 
858.2 
-159.4 
- 
- 
698.6 
Total 
858.2 
- 
858.2 
-159.4 
- 
- 
698.6 
Amounts not set off but subject to 
master netting agreements and similar 
agreements 
31 Dec 2020, EURm 
Gross 
recognised 
financial 
liabilities1 
Gross 
recognised 
financial 
assets set 
off on the 
balance 
sheet 
Net 
carrying 
amount on 
the 
balance 
sheet 
Financial 
instruments 
Financial 
collateral 
pledged 
Cash 
collateral 
pledged 
Net amount 
Liabilities 
Derivatives 
331.3 
- 
331.3 
-159.4 
- 
- 
171.7 
Total 
331.3 
- 
331.3 
-159.4 
- 
- 
171.7 
1 All amounts are measured at fair value. 
 
 
 
 
 
Amounts not set off but subject to 
master netting agreements and similar 
agreements 
 
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Gross 
recognise
d financial 
assets1 
Gross 
recognised 
financial 
liabilities 
set off on 
the balance 
sheet 
Net 
carrying 
amount on 
the 
balance 
sheet 
Financial 
instruments 
Financial 
collateral 
received 
Cash 
collateral 
received 
Net 
amount 
Assets 
Derivatives 
711.5 
- 
711.5 
-96.8 
- 
- 
614.7 
Total 
711.5 
- 
711.5 
-96.8 
- 
- 
614.7 
 
 
 
 
 
Amounts not set off but subject to 
master netting agreements and similar 
agreements 
 
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Gross 
recognised 
financial 
liabilities1 
Gross 
recognised 
financial 
assets set  
off on the 
balance 
sheet 
Net 
carrying 
amount on 
the 
balance 
sheet 
Financial 
instruments 
Financial 
collateral 
pledged 
Cash 
collateral 
pledged 
Net 
amount 
Liabilities 
Derivatives 
199.0 
- 
199.0 
-96.8 
- 
- 
102.2 
Total 
199.0 
- 
199.0 
-96.8 
- 
- 
102.2 
1 All amounts are measured at fair value. 
Enforceable master netting arrangements and similar agreements 
The fact that financial instruments are being accounted for on a gross basis on the balance sheet, would not imply that the 
financial instruments are not subject to master netting agreements or similar arrangements. Generally financial instruments 
(derivatives, repos and securities lending transactions), would be subject to master netting agreements, and as a consequence 
Nordea would be allowed to benefit from netting both in the ordinary course of business and in the case of default towards its 
counter parties, in any calculations involving counterparty credit risk. The reason why the netted exposures are not reflected 
under assets and liabilities on the balance sheet, would in most instances depend on the limited application of net settlement of 
financial transactions.

--- Page 205 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
67 
Note 25  Maturity analysis for assets and liabilities 
 
Expected maturity 
 
 
 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2019 
 
 
Expected to be 
recovered 
or settled: 
 
Expected to be 
recovered  
or settled: 
 
EURm 
Not
e 
Within 12 
months 
After 12 
months 
Total 
Within 12 
months 
After 12 
months 
Total 
Cash and balances with central 
banks  
  
241.8 
- 
241.8 
1,694.4 
- 
1,694.4 
Loans to credit institutions 
11 
22.7 
560.0 
582.7 
106.1 
560.0 
666.1 
Loans to the public 
11 
698.2 
28,066.0 
28,764.2 
403.5 
26,316.4 
26,719.9 
Derivatives   
12 
77.5 
780.7 
858.2 
28.0 
683.5 
711.5 
Fair value changes of the hedged 
items in portfolio hedge of interest 
rate risk 
  
2.6 
227.7 
230.3 
0.9 
173.6 
174.5 
Deferred tax assets 
10 
- 
7.4 
7.4 
- 
9.2 
9.2 
Other assets 
13 
90.2 
- 
90.2 
2.6 
- 
2.6 
Prepaid expenses and accrued 
income 
14 
8.4 
- 
8.4 
43.4 
- 
43.4 
Total assets 
  
1,141.4 
29,641.8 
30,783.2 
2 278,9 
27 742,7 
30,021.6 
  
  
 
 
 
Deposits by credit institutions 
2,459.8 
5,926.8 
8,386.6 
- 
11,560.4 
11,560.4 
Debt securities in issue  
1,447.5 
18,303.3 
19,750.8 
2,429.9 
13,681.8 
16,111.7 
Derivatives   
12 
1.9 
329.4 
331.3 
12.3 
186.7 
199.0 
Fair value changes of the hedged 
items in portfolio hedge of interest 
rate risk 
  
12.0 
704.8 
716.8 
47.3 
497.5 
544.8 
Current tax liabilities 
 
6.9 
- 
6.9 
9.4 
- 
9.4 
Other liabilities 
15 
59.4 
- 
59.4 
92.1 
- 
92.1 
Accrued expenses and prepaid 
income 
16 
133.3 
0.1 
133.4 
168.7 
0.1 
168.8 
Provisions 
17 
0.0 
0.1 
0.1 
0.0 
0.1 
0.1 
Retirement benefit liabilities 
18 
- 
0.2 
0.2 
- 
0.2 
0.2 
Subordinated liabilities 
19 
- 
200.5 
200.5 
- 
200.5 
200.5 
Total liabilities  
 
4,120.8 
25,465.2 
29,586.0 
2,759.7 
26,127.3 
28,887.0 
 
 
Contractual undiscounted cash flows 
 
The table is based on contractual maturities for the financial instruments. For derivatives, the expected cash inflows and outflows 
are disclosed for both derivative assets and derivative liabilities, as derivatives are managed on a net basis. In addition to the 
instruments on the balance sheet items. NMB has credit commitments amounting to EUR 396.2m (334.4). which could be drawn 
on at any time. 
 
<1 
1-3 
3-12 
1-5 
>5 
31 Dec 2020, EURm  
month 
months 
months 
years 
years 
Total 
Cash and balances with central banks 
241.8 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
241.8 
Loans to credit institutions 
22.5 
0.2 
1.7 
567.7 
0.0 
592.1 
Loans to the public 
205.4 
397.8 
1,940.1 
8,385.9 
20,117.9 
31,047.1 
Other non-derivative financial assets 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
248.1 
248.1 
Total assets  
469.7 
398.0 
1,941.8 
8,953.6 
20,366.0 
32,129.1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deposits by credit institutions 
0.5 
-0.6 
3,241.2 
5,161.0 
0.0 
8,402.1 
Debt securities in issue  
1.2 
1,239.6 
305.7 
13,811.2 
4,894.7 
20,252.3 
Other non-derivative financial liabilities 
0.0 
0.0 
1.3 
7.6 
2,316.8 
2,325.7 
Total liabilities and equity 
1.7 
1,239.0 
3,548.2 
18,979.8 
7,211.5 
30,980.2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Derivatives. cash inflow 
-4.6 
192.3 
-35.4 
261.0 
126.7 
540.0 
Derivatives. cash outflow 
-3.7 
98.4 
-59.0 
133.4 
60.9 
230.0 
Net exposure  
-0.9 
93.9 
23.6 
127.6 
65.8 
310.0 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Exposure 
467.1 
-747.1 
-1,582.8 
-9,898.6 
13,366.3 
1,458.9 
Cumulative exposure 
467.1 
-280.0 
-1,862.8 
-11,761.4 
1,458.9

--- Page 206 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
68 
Note 25  Maturity analysis for assets and liabilities, cont. 
 
Contractual undiscounted cash flows 
<1 
1-3 
3-12 
1-5 
>5 
31 Dec 2019, EURm  
month 
months 
months 
years 
years 
Total 
Cash and balances with central banks 
1,694.4 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
1,694.4 
Loans to credit institutions 
106.2 
0.3 
2.4 
17.1 
562.3 
688.4 
Loans to the public 
204.3 
392.2 
1,893.2 
8,197.0 
19,126.3 
29,813.1 
Other non-derivative financial assets 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
229.8 
229.8 
Total assets  
2,004.9 
392.5 
1,895.6 
8,214.2 
19,918.5 
32,425.7 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deposits by credit institutions 
0.8 
0.4 
0.5 
11,034.8 
567.4 
11,604.0 
Debt securities in issue  
1,270.6 
112.8 
1,176.2 
8,114.8 
6,062.3 
16,736.7 
Other non-derivative financial liabilities 
0.0 
0.0 
1.6 
10.2 
2,157.3 
2,169.1 
Total liabilities and equity 
1,271.4 
113.2 
1,178.2 
19,159.9 
8,787.0 
30,509.8 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Derivatives. cash inflow 
16.1 
62.7 
-6.6 
480.4 
177.0 
729.5 
Derivatives. cash outflow 
-0.8 
-7.1 
-33.7 
253.8 
97.8 
309.9 
Net exposure  
16.9 
69.8 
27.1 
226.6 
79.2 
419.6 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Exposure 
750.4 
349.1 
744.5 
-10,719.1 
11,210.6 
2,335.5 
Cumulative exposure 
750.4 
1,099.5 
1,844.0 
-8,875.2 
2,335.5 
  
 
 
 
 
Note 26  Related-party transactions 
 
The information below is presented from NMB's perspective, meaning that the information shows the effect from related party 
transactions on NMB’s financial statements. For more information on definitions, see Note 1 “Accounting policies” section 19. 
 
Parent company 
Group undertakings 
Other related parties 
EURm 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2020 
31 Dec 2020 
Assets 
 
 
Loans  
578,9 
- 
0.9 
Derivatives   
857.3 
- 
- 
Other assets 
88.3 
- 
- 
Prepaid expenses and accrued income 
8.4 
0.2 
- 
Total assets 
1,532.7 
0.2 
0.9 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Deposits 
8,386.6 
- 
- 
Debt securities in issue  
6,057.4 
- 
- 
Derivatives   
330.6 
- 
- 
Subordinated liabilities 
200.5 
- 
- 
Other liabilities 
59.6 
- 
- 
Accrued expenses and deferred income1 
130.4 
2.1 
- 
Total liabilities  
15,165.1 
2.1 
- 
Off balance2 
396.2 
- 
- 
1 Contains Resolution fee transfer pricing, fees for the outsourced services, guarantee fees and upfront fees to be invoiced by the parent company and supervisory fees to 
be invoiced by the authorities. 
2 Excluding nominal values on derivatives. 
 
 
Income statement 
EURm 
2020 
 
2020 
2020 
Net interest income 
124.1 
- 
0.0 
Net fee and commission income 
-9.5 
- 
- 
Net result from items at fair value 
112.7 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
- 
0.1 
- 
Total operating expenses 
-63.9 
- 
- 
Profit before loan losses 
163.4 
0.1 
0.0

--- Page 207 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
69 
Note 26  Related-party transactions, cont. 
 
Parent company 
Group undertakings 
Other related parties 
EURm 
31 Dec 2019 
31 Dec 2019 
31 Dec 2019 
Assets 
 
 
Loans  
663.6 
- 
0.8 
Derivatives   
712.1 
- 
- 
Prepaid expenses and accrued income 
29.5 
0.1 
- 
Total assets 
1,405.2 
0.1 
0.8 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Deposits 
11,560.4 
- 
- 
Debt securities in issue  
0.1 
- 
- 
Derivatives   
200.2 
- 
- 
Subordinated liabilities 
200.5 
- 
- 
Other liabilities 
2.4 
- 
- 
Accrued expenses and deferred income1 
165.2 
2.6 
- 
Total liabilities  
12,128.8 
2.6 
- 
Off balance2 
334.4 
- 
- 
1 Contains Resolution fee transfer pricing, fees for the outsourced services, guarantee fees and upfront fees to be invoiced by the parent company and supervisory fees to 
be invoiced by the authorities. 
2 Excluding nominal values on derivatives. 
 
Income statement 
EURm 
2019 
 
2019 
2019 
Net interest income 
138.4 
- 
0.0 
Net fee and commission income 
-16.5 
- 
- 
Net result from items at fair value 
139.5 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
- 
0.1 
- 
Total operating expenses 
-67.3 
- 
- 
Profit before loan losses 
194.1 
0.1 
0.0 
 
All transactions with related parties are made on an arm’s length basis.  
 
Compensations and loans to Key management personnel are specified in Note 7. Loans to family members of key management 
personnel are granted on normal market terms, as well as loans to key management personnel who are not employed by the 
Nordea Group.

--- Page 208 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
71 
Auditor’s Report (Translation from the Finnish Original) 
 
To the Annual General Meeting of Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc 
Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements  
 
Opinion 
In our opinion the financial statements, which are prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU, give a true and fair view of the company’s financial position, 
financial performance and cash flows and comply with statutory requirements. 
Our opinion is consistent with the additional report to the Audit Committee. 
What we have audited 
We have audited the financial statements of Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc (business identity code 2743219-6) 
for the year ended 31 December 2020. The financial statements comprise the balance sheet, income 
statement, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity, statement of cash flows and 
notes, including a summary of significant accounting policies. 
Basis for Opinion  
We conducted our audit in accordance with good auditing practice in Finland. Our responsibilities under good 
auditing practice are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
section of our report. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
opinion. 
Independence 
We are independent of the company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are applicable in Finland 
and are relevant to our audit, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these 
requirements. 
To the best of our knowledge and belief, the non-audit services that we have provided to the company are in 
accordance with the applicable law and regulations in Finland and we have not provided non-audit services 
that are prohibited under Article 5(1) of Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. The non-audit services that we have 
provided are disclosed in note 8. Other expenses/Auditor’s fees to the Financial Statements. 
 
Our Audit Approach 
 
Overview 
 
• 
Overall materiality: € 90 million, which represents 0.30 % of total assets 
 
 
• 
Key audit matters: 
- Impairment of loans to customers 
- Valuation of certain Level II and III financial instruments held at fair value 
- IT systems supporting processes over financial reporting 
 
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in 
the financial statements. In particular, we considered where management made subjective judgements; for 
example, in respect of significant accounting estimates that involved making assumptions and considering 
future events that are inherently uncertain.

--- Page 209 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
72 
Materiality 
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. An audit is designed to obtain 
reasonable assurance whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement. Misstatements 
may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if individually or in aggregate, they could 
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial 
statements. 
Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain quantitative thresholds for materiality, including 
the overall materiality for the financial statements as set out in the table below. These, together with qualitative 
considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our audit 
procedures and to evaluate the effect of misstatements on the financial statements as a whole. 
 
Overall materiality 
€ 90 million (previous year € 70 million) 
How we determined it 
0.30 % of total assets 
Specific materiality 
€ 7.2 million (previous year 7.7 million) 
How we determined it 
5 % of profit before tax 
Rationale for the materiality 
benchmark applied 
We chose total assets as the benchmark because, in our view, key 
drivers of the business and determinants of the mortgage bank’s profit 
potential are best reflected in the balance sheet. 
A number of key performance indicators of the bank are driven by 
income statement items; therefore, we have applied a specific 
materiality to all income statement items after Net interest income.  
The benchmarks determined are within the range of acceptable 
quantitative materiality thresholds in auditing standards. 
 
Key Audit Matters  
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit 
of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of 
the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate 
opinion on these matters. 
As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including among 
other matters consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material 
misstatement due to fraud. 
Key audit matter in the audit of the company 
How our audit addressed the key audit matter 
Impairment of loans to customers 
Refer to the Note 1 Accounting policies (Critical 
judgements and estimation uncertainty). Note 9 
Net loan losses and Note 11 Loans and impairment 
to the financial statements 
A high level of judgement is involved in determining 
the appropriate impairment loss to be recognised. 
For individually assessed loans, judgement is 
involved in determining whether a loan has a loss 
event and in assessing the loan loss amount.  
Expected credit losses (ECL) are calculated as a 
function of the probability of impairment, the 
exposure at impairment and the loss given 
impairment, as well as the timing of the loss. 
 
 
Our audit included a combination of testing of internal 
controls over financial reporting and substantive testing.  
We obtained an understanding of the loan origination 
process, credit risk management and the impairment 
allowances for loans and advances to customers. 
Based on risk, we selected individual loans and 
performed detailed credit file reviews and assessed its 
credit risk 
For ECL models, we involved our modelling specialists 
to assess the methodology, challenge the underlying 
assumptions and to independently reperform the 
calculation for a sample of loans.

--- Page 210 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
73 
Key audit matter in the audit of the company 
How our audit addressed the key audit matter 
IFRS 9 categorises loans into three stages 
depending on the level of credit risk or changes in 
credit risk for each individual loan. For loans 
without significant increase in credit risk, stage 1, 
expected credit losses are calculated for estimated 
defaults within 12 months. For loans where there is 
a significant increase in credit risk, stage 2, or loans 
in default, stage 3, a lifetime of expected losses are 
calculated. 
The COVID-19 global pandemic significantly 
impacted management’s determination of the ECL. 
As a result, the ECL has a higher than usual degree 
of uncertainty, which may materially change the 
estimate of stage 1 and stage 2 ECL in future 
periods. To address the uncertainties inherent in 
the current and future environment and to reflect all 
relevant risk factors not captured in the Bank’s 
modelled results, management developed post-
model-adjustments. 
We have tested the post-model adjustments. We 
evaluated the appropriateness of the assumptions and 
accuracy of underlying data used to develop them and 
ensured that governance procedures have been 
performed.  
We have also assessed the disclosures related to 
impairment of loans.  
Valuation of certain Level II and III financial 
instruments held at fair value 
Refer to the Note 1 Accounting policies (Critical 
judgements and estimation uncertainty), Note 12 
Derivatives and hedge accounting, Note 22 
Classification of financial instruments and Note 23 
Assets and liabilities at fair value to the financial 
statements. 
Given the increased volatility and widespread 
macro-economic 
uncertainty 
around 
the 
continuous impact of the global COVID-19 
pandemic on economic activity, valuation of 
financial instruments continues to be an area of 
inherent risk.  
The valuation of Level II and III financial 
instruments utilize observable and unobservable 
inputs respectively, for recurring fair value 
measurements.  
Important 
areas 
in 
valuation 
of 
financial 
instruments held at fair value relate to: 
• 
Framework and policies relating to models 
and valuation; 
• 
Internal controls relating to fair value 
adjustments, fair value hierarchy, price 
testing and model control & governance; 
and 
• 
Disclosures of financial instruments. 
 
We assessed and tested the design and operating 
effectiveness of the controls over: 
• 
The identification, measurement and oversight 
of valuation of financial instruments 
• 
Fair value adjustments and independent price 
verification 
• 
Model control and governance. 
We examined the Company’s independent price 
verification processes, model validation and approval 
processes, controls over data feeds and inputs to 
valuation and fair value hierarchy and the Company’s 
governance and reporting processes and controls.  
We performed an independent fair value valuation of a 
sample of positions including fair value hierarchy 
testing. 
In respect of fair value adjustments for derivatives, we 
assessed the methodology applied. 
We have also assessed the disclosures related to 
valuation of financial instruments held at fair value.  
IT systems supporting processes over financial 
reporting 
The Company’s financial reporting is highly 
dependent on IT systems supporting automated 
accounting and reconciliation procedures. To 
ensure complete and accurate financial records it 
is important that the IT general controls are 
designed properly, and they operate effectively. 
We have tested the design and operating effectiveness 
of controls related to the IT systems relevant for 
financial reporting. Our assessment included access to 
program and data as well as program development and 
changes. 
For logical access to program and data, audit activities 
included testing of addition of access rights, removal of 
access rights and monitoring of appropriateness as well 
as appropriate segregation of duties.

--- Page 211 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
74 
Other areas tested included monitoring of IT systems 
and controls over changes to IT-systems. 
There are no significant risks of material misstatement referred to in Article 10(2c) of Regulation (EU) No 
537/2014 with respect to financial statements.   
 
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director for the Financial Statements 
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for the preparation of financial statements 
that give a true and fair view in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted 
by the EU, and of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the laws and regulations 
governing the preparation of financial statements in Finland and comply with statutory requirements. The Board 
of Directors and the Managing Director are also responsible for such internal control as they determine is 
necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether 
due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the financial statements, the Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for 
assessing the company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters relating to 
going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting. The financial statements are prepared using 
the going concern basis of accounting unless there is an intention to liquidate the company or to cease 
operations, or there is no realistic alternative but to do so. 
 
 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free 
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our 
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in 
accordance with good auditing practice will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. 
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, 
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these 
financial statements. 
As part of an audit in accordance with good auditing practice, we exercise professional judgment and maintain 
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also: 
• 
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or 
error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material 
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, 
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. 
• 
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that 
are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness 
of the company’s internal control.  
• 
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates 
and related disclosures made by management. 
• 
Conclude on the appropriateness of the Board of Directors’ and the Managing Director’s use of the going 
concern basis of accounting and based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty 
exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the company’s ability to continue 
as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in 
our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are 
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the 
date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the company to cease to 
continue as a going concern. 
• 
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events so that 
the financial statements give a true and fair view. 
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope 
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control 
that we identify during our audit. 
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that 
may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

--- Page 212 ---
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2020 
 
75 
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were 
of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit 
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure 
about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be 
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to 
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication. 
 
Other Reporting Requirements 
 
Appointment 
We were first appointed as auditors by execution of the demerger plan on 1 October 2016. Our appointment 
represents a total period of uninterrupted engagement of 5 years. 
 
Other Information  
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for the other information. The other 
information comprises the report of the Board of Directors and the information included in the Annual Report, 
but does not include the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. 
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information. 
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the 
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. 
With respect to the report of the Board of Directors, our responsibility also includes considering whether the 
report of the Board of Directors has been prepared in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations. 
In our opinion  
• 
the information in the report of the Board of Directors is consistent with the information in the financial 
statements  
• 
the report of the Board of Directors has been prepared in accordance with the applicable laws and 
regulations. 
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of the other 
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. 
 
 
Helsinki 18 February 2021 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy 
Authorised Public Accountants 
 
Jukka Paunonen 
Authorised Public Accountant (KHT)

--- Page 213 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 143- 
70-41013180 
 
ANNEX 2 — AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE ISSUER FOR THE YEAR 
ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019, INCLUDING THE AUDITOR'S REPORT AND NOTES 
RELATING THERETO

--- Page 214 ---
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the income statement 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Items that may not be reclassified subsequently to the income statement 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc 
Financial statements 
Income statement 
EURm
Note 
2019
2018
Operating income 
Interest income 
Interest expense 
Net interest income
4
4
4
267.0
-47.3
219.7
269.3
-49.5
219.8
Fee and commission income 
Fee and commission expense 
Net fee and commission income 
5
5
5
9.3
-16.9
-7.6
7.8
-17.3
-9.5
Net result from items at fair value 
Other operating income
Total operating income 
6
0.6
0.1
212.8
-1.8
0.0
208.5
Operating expenses
General administrative expenses:
Staff costs 
Other expenses
Depreciation of tangible assets
Total operating expenses
7
8
-1.9
-66.4
0.0
-68.3
-1.9
-52.2
-
-54.1
Profit before loan losses
144.5
154.4
Net loan losses
Operating profit 
9
10.3
154.8 
-11.4
143.0 
Income tax expense 
Net profit for the year 
10
-35.1
119.7
-29.6
113.4
Attributable to: 
Shareholders of Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc
Non-controlling interests 
Total
119.7
-
119.7
113.4
-
113.4
Statement of comprehensive income 
EURm
2019
2018
Net profit for the year 
119.7
113.4
Cash flow hedges:
- Valuation gains/losses during the year 
19.3
15.7
- Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year 
-3.9
-3.1
- Transferred to the Income statement during the year 
-5.0
-7.8
- Tax on transfers to the income statement during the year 
1.0
1.6
Defined benefit plans:
- Remeasurement of defined benefit plans during the year 
0.0
0.0
- Tax on remeasurement of defined benefit plans during the year 
0.0
0.0
Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
11.4
6.3
Total comprehensive income 
131.1
119.7
Attributable to: 
Shareholders of Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc
131.1
119.7
Non-controlling interests 
-
-
Total
131.1
119.7
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
13

--- Page 215 ---
Balance sheet 
EURm
Note 
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Assets 
Cash and balances with central banks 
1,694.4
1,696.4
Loans to credit institutions
11
666.1
899.5
Loans to the public 
11
26,719.9
23,106.7
Derivatives 
12
711.5
509.9
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
174.5
93.2
Property and equipment 
13
0.0
-
Deferred tax assets
10
9.2
11.9
Current tax assets
-
4.3
Other assets
14
2.6
37.8
Prepaid expenses and accrued income 
15
43.4
32.0
Total assets 
30,021.6
26,391.7
Liabilities 
Deposits by credit institutions
16
11,560.4
7,667.6
Debt securities in issue 
17
16,111.7
16,760.5
Derivatives 
12
199.0
125.6
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
544.8
320.7
Current tax liabilities
9.4
-
Other liabilities
18
92.1
4.4
Accrued expenses and prepaid income 
19
168.8
134.2
Provisions
20
0.1
0.2
Retirement benefit liabilities 
21
0.2
0.1
Subordinated liabilities
22
200.5
200.6
Total liabilities 
28,887.0
25,213.9
Equity 
Share capital 
250.0
250.0
Other reserves
814.6
803.2
Retained earnings
70.0
124.6
Total equity 
1,134.6
1,177.8
Total liabilities and equity 
30,021.6
26,391.7
Assets pledged as security for own liabilities
23
21,943.2
19,759.8
Credit commitments
24
334.4
196.8
Other notes 
Note 1 
Accounting policies
Note 2 
Risk and liquidity management 
Note 3 
Segment reporting 
Note 25
Classification of financial instruments
Note 26
Assets and liabilities at fair value 
Note 27
Financial instruments set off on balance or subject to netting agreements
Note 28
Maturity analysis for assets and liabilities
Note 29
Related-party transactions
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
14

--- Page 216 ---
Statement of changes in equity 
Attributable to the shareholders of Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc 
Other reserves 
Defined 
Share 
Cash flow 
Other 
benefit 
Retained 
Total 
EURm
capital1 
hedges
reserves
plans
earnings
equity 
Balance at 1 Jan 2019
250.0
3.2
800.0
0.0
124.6
1,177.8
Change of parameters of statistical models for loan loss provisions
-
-
-
-
25.5
25.5
Restated opening balance 
250.0
3.2
800.0
0.0
150.1
1,203.3
Net profit for the year 
-
-
-
-
119.7
119.7
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the income 
statement 
Cash flow hedges:
- Valuation gains/losses during the year 
-
19.3
-
-
-
19.3
- Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year 
-
-3.9
-
-
-
-3.9
- Transferred to the income statement during the year 
-
-5.0
-
-
-
-5.0
- Tax on transfers to the income statement during the year 
-
1.0
-
-
-
1.0
Items that may not be reclassified subsequently to the income 
statement 
Defined benefit plans:
- Remeasurement of defined benefit plans during the year 
-
-
-
0.0
-
0.0
- Tax on remeasurement of defined benefit plans during the year 
-
-
-
0.0
-
0.0
Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
-
11.4
-
0.0
-
11.4
Total comprehensive income 
-
11.4
-
0.0
119.7
131.1
Dividend for 2018 
-
-
-
-
-110.0
-110.0
Anticipated dividend
-
-
-
-
-89.8
-89.8
Other changes
-
-
-
-
0.0
0.0
Balance at 31 Dec 2019
250.0
14.6
800.0
0.0
70.0
1,134.6
1 Total shares registered were 257.7 million. All the shares in Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc are held by Nordea Bank Abp. Pursuant to the Articles of Association the Bank's minimum 
share capital is EUR 5m and maximum share capital EUR 500m. 
No decision was made during the financial year to issue equity warrants or convertible bonds entitling to subscription of shares in the NMB. At the 
end of 2019, NMB held no authorisations given by the General Meeting for issuance or buybacks of shares, equity warrants or convertible bonds. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
15

--- Page 217 ---
Statement of changes in equity, cont. 
Attributable to the shareholders of Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc
Other reserves 
Defined 
Share 
Cash flow 
Other 
benefit 
Retained 
Total 
EURm
capital1 
hedges
reserves
plans
earnings
equity 
Balance at 1 Jan 2018
250.0
-3.1
800.0
0.0
133.6
1,180.5
Effect from changed accounting policies, net of tax 
-
-
-
-
-20.4
-20.4
Restated opening balance 
250.0
-3.1
800.0
0.0
113.2
1,160.1
Net profit for the year 
-
-
-
-
113.4
113.4
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the income 
statement 
Cash flow hedges:
- Valuation gains/losses during the year 
-
15.7
-
-
-
15.7
- Tax on valuation gains/losses during the year 
-
-3.1
-
-
-
-3.1
- Transferred to the income statement during the year 
-
-7.8
-
-
-
-7.8
- Tax on transfers to the income statement during the year 
-
1.6
-
-
-
1.6
Items that may not be reclassified subsequently to the 
income statement 
Defined benefit plans:
- Remeasurement of defined benefit plans during the year 
-
-
-
0.0
-
0.0
- Tax on remeasurement of defined benefit plans during the 
year 
-
-
-
0.0
-
0.0
Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
-
6.3
-
0.0
-
6.3
Total comprehensive income 
-
6.3
-
-
113.4
119.7
Dividend for 2017
-
-
-
-
-102.0
-102.0
Balance at 31 Dec 2018
250.0
3.2
800.0
0.0
124.6
1,177.8
1 Total shares registered were 257.7 million. All the shares in Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc are held by Nordea Bank Abp. Pursuant to the Articles of Association the Bank's minimum 
share capital is EUR 5m and maximum share capital EUR 500m. 
No decision was made during the financial year to issue equity warrants or convertible bonds entitling to subscription of shares in the NMB. At the 
end of 2018, NMB held no authorisations given by the General Meeting for issuance or buybacks of shares, equity warrants or convertible bonds. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
16

--- Page 218 ---
Cash flow statement 
EURm
2019
2018
Operating activities 
Operating profit 
154.9
143.0
Adjustments for items not included in cash flow 
158.4
57.7
Income taxes paid
-26.8
-32.8
Tax refund 
5.3
-
Cash flow from operating activities before changes in operating assets and liabilities
291.8
167.9
Changes in operating assets
Change in loans to the public 
-3,577.4
411.9
Change in derivatives, net 
-128.0
-11.5
Change in other assets
35.0
-37.7
Changes in operating liabilities
Change in deposits by credit institutions 
3,892.8
110.0
Change in debt securities in issue 
-648.8
1,290.9
Change in other liabilities
-2.1
-65.3
Cash flow from operating activities
-136.7
1,866.2
Financing activities
Issued subordinated liabilities
-
-
Dividend paid 
-110.0
-102.0
Other changes
11.3
-14.1
Cash flow from financing activities
-98.7
-116.1
Cash flow for the year 
-235.4
1,750.1
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year 
2,035.9
285.8
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year 
1,800.5
2,035.9
Change
-235.4
1,750.1
Comments on the cash flow statement 
The cash flow statement shows inflows and outflows of cash and cash equivalents during the year for total operations. Nordea Mortgage Bank’s cash 
flow has been prepared in accordance with the indirect method, whereby operating profit is adjusted for effects of non-cash transactions such as 
depreciation and loan losses. The cash flows are classified by operating and financing activities. 
 
Operating activities 
Operating activities are the principal revenue-producing activities and cash flows are mainly derived from the operating profit for the year with 
adjustment for items not included in cash flow and income taxes paid. Adjustment for items not included in cash flow includes: 
 
EURm
2019
2018
Loan losses
-10.3
11.4
Unrealised gains/losses
-0.1
2.4
Change in accruals and provisions
25.9
60.1
Other 
142.9
-16.2
Total 
158.4 
57.7 
Changes in operating assets and liabilities consist of assets and liabilities that are part of normal business activities, such as loans, deposits and debt 
securities in issue. Changes in derivatives are reported net. 
Cash flow from operating activities includes interest payments received and interest expenses paid with the following amounts: 
EURm
2019
2018
Interest payments received 
266.4
276.3
Interest expenses paid
-42.4
-55.2
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
17

--- Page 219 ---
Financing activities 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Cash flow statement, cont. 
Financing activities are activities that result in changes in equity and subordinated liabilities, such as new issues of shares, dividends and 
issued/amortised subordinated liabilities. 
The following items are included in Cash and cash equivalents: 
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
Cash and balances with central banks
1,694.4
1,696.4
Loans to credit institutions, payable on demand 
106.1
339.5
Total
1,800.5
2,035.9
Cash comprises legal tender and bank notes in foreign currencies. Balances with central banks consist of deposits in accounts with central banks and 
postal giro systems under government authority, where the following conditions are fulfilled; 
- the central bank or the postal giro system is domiciled in the country where the institution is established 
- the balance on the account is readily available at any time. 
Loans to credit institutions, payable on demand include liquid assets not represented by bonds or other interest-bearing securities. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
18

--- Page 220 ---
Notes to the financial statements 
Note 1 Accounting policies 
1. 
Basis for presentation ............................................................19 
2. 
Changed accounting policies and presentation ......................19 
3. 
Changes in IFRSs not yet applied..........................................20 
4. 
Critical judgements and estimation uncertainty.....................20 
5. 
Recognition of operating income and impairment.................22 
6. 
Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments on the 
balance sheet .........................................................................23 
7. 
Translation of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign 
currencies ..............................................................................23 
8. 
Hedge accounting..................................................................23 
9. 
Determination of fair value of financial instruments .............25 
10. 
Cash and balances with central banks....................................26 
11. 
Financial instruments ............................................................26 
12. 
Loans to the public/credit institutions....................................27 
13. 
Leasing..................................................................................29 
14. 
Properties and equipment ......................................................30 
15. 
Taxes.....................................................................................30 
16. 
Provisions..............................................................................30 
17. 
Employee benefits.................................................................31 
18. 
Equity....................................................................................32 
19. 
Credit commitments ..............................................................32 
20. 
Share-based payment.............................................................32 
21. 
Related party transactions......................................................32 
22. 
Exchange rates ......................................................................32 
1. 
 Basis for presentation 
NMB’s financial statements are prepared in accordance 
with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS) as endorsed by the EU Commission. In 
addition, certain complementary rules in the Finnish 
Accounting Act, the Finnish Credit Institutions Act, the 
Finnish Mortgage Bank Act, the Financial Supervision 
Authority’s Regulations and Guidelines and the Decree 
of the Ministry of Finance on the financial statements 
and consolidated statements of credit institutions and 
investment firms have also been applied. 
The disclosures, required in the standards, 
recommendations and legislation above, have been 
included in the Capital management section of the 
Board of Director’s report as well as in the notes or 
other parts of the “Financial statements”. 
On 17 February 2020 NMB’s Board of Directors 
approved the financial statements, subject to final 
approval of the Annual General Meeting on 19 
February 2020. 
Nordea’s accounting policies, basis for calculations and 
presentations are unchanged in comparison with the 
Annual Report 2018, except from changed accounting 
policies and presentation described below in the section 
“Changed accounting policies and presentation”. 
2. 
Changed accounting policies and presentation 
The new accounting requirements implemented during 
2019 and their impact on Nordea Group’s financial 
statements are described below. 
IFRS 16 “Leases” 
The new standard IFRS 16 “Leases” changed the 
accounting requirements for lessees. All leases (except 
for short term- and small ticket leases) are accounted 
for on the balance sheet of the lessee as a right to use 
the asset and a corresponding liability, and the lease 
payments are recognised as amortisation and interest 
expense. The accounting requirements for lessors are 
mostly unchanged. Additional disclosures are also 
required. IFRS 16 were implemented by Nordea as 
from 1 January 2019. Nordea has applied the modified 
retrospective approach, which means that IFRS 16 has 
been applied from 1 January 2019 with no restatement 
of comparative figures. The right of use asset was 
recognised as the amount of the lease liability adjusted 
for any prepaid expensed and accrued lease payments. 
The main impact on Nordea’s financial statements 
comes from the accounting of property leases. Such 
leasing contracts will be accounted for on the balance 
sheet to a larger extent than under the earlier 
requirements. NMB has only an insignificant amount 
of leasing contracts regarding cars. The right of use 
asset, that is presented as “Properties and equipment” 
in the balance sheet is insignificant. Respectively, the 
increase of total assets is minor considering also a 
reclassification of already existing prepaid lease 
expenses. There was no impact on equity at transition. 
At transition, the standard was implemented based on a 
single discount rate applied on a portfolio of leases 
with similar characteristics. The future cash flows have 
been discounted using the incremental borrowing rate, 
and the weighted average incremental borrowing rate 
applied to the lease liabilities at transition was 
approximately 1%. The assessment of onerous leases 
according to IAS 37 has been applied as an alternative 
to performing an impairment review of the right-of-use 
assets. Initial direct costs have been excluded from the 
right-of use-asset and the right to use hindsight when 
determining the lease term has been used. 
Amendments to IAS 39 and IFRS 7 “Interest rate 
benchmark reform" 
In September 2019, IASB published amendments to 
IAS 39, IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 as a consequence of the 
coming reform of benchmark interest rates. The 
amendments give some relief in relation to hedge 
accounting. Under the amendments, the hedge 
accounting requirements should be evaluated assuming 
that the interest rate benchmark on which the hedged 
cash flows and cash flows from the hedging instrument 
are based will not be altered as a result of interest rate 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
19

--- Page 221 ---
benchmark reform. The amendments are effective for 
annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020 
and must be applied retrospectively. Early application 
is permitted, and Nordea has exercised this option. The 
amendments have resulted in Nordea’s hedge 
relationships passing the effectiveness test and hedge 
accounting can thus continue as before during the relief 
period. 
Change in presentation of resolution fees 
NMB recognises resolution fees at the beginning of the 
year, when the legal obligation to pay arises, and 
presents the expense as “Other expenses”. The earlier 
policy was to present the expense as “Interest expense”. 
Comparative figures have been restated accordingly 
and the impact, together with the impact on 2019, can 
be found in the table below. 
Full year 2019 
Full year 2018 
Old 
New 
Old 
New 
EURm 
policy 
Change 
policy 
policy 
Change 
policy 
Interest 
expenses 
-51.5 
4.2
-47.3 
-55.2 
5.7 
-49.5 
Other 
expenses 
-62.1 
-4.2 
-66.3 
-46.5 
-5.7 
-52.2 
Other amended requirements 
The following new or amended standards and 
interpretations were implemented by Nordea 1 January 
2019 but have not had any significant impact on 
Nordea Group’s or NMB’s financial statements: 
 
Amendments to IFRS 9: Prepayment Features with 
Negative Compensation 
 
Amendments to IAS 19: Plan Amendments, 
Curtailment or Settlement 
 
Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2015­
2017 Cycle. 
3. 
Changes in IFRSs not yet applied  
Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 “Sale or 
Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its 
Associate or Joint Venture” 
The IASB has amended the requirements in IFRS 10 
and IAS 28 regarding sales and contributions of assets 
between an investor and its associated undertaking or 
joint venture due to inconsistent treatment of gains and 
losses of such transactions in those standards. The 
IASB has thereafter proposed to defer indefinitely the 
effective date and permit earlier application. The 
amendments are not yet endorsed by the EU-
commission. Nordea does not currently intend to early 
adopt the amendments. The new requirements are not 
expected to have any impact on Nordea Group’s or 
NMB’s financial statements, capital adequacy, or large 
exposures in the period of initial application as the new 
requirements are in line with Nordea’s current 
accounting policies. 
Other changes in IFRS 
The IASB has published the following new or amended 
standards that are assessed to have no significant 
impact on Nordea Group’s or NMB’s financial 
statements, capital adequacy or large exposures in the 
period of initial application: 
 
Amendments to References to the Conceptual 
Framework in IFRS Standards 
 
Amendments to IFRS 3: Definition of business 
 
Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8: Definitions of 
Material 
4. Critical judgements and estimation uncertainty 
The preparation of financial statements in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles requires, 
in some cases, the use of judgements and estimates by 
management. Actual outcome can later, to some extent, 
differ from the estimates and the assumptions made. In 
this section a description is made of: 
 
the sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of 
the reporting period, that have a significant risk of 
resulting in a material adjustment to the carrying 
amount of assets and liabilities within the next 
financial year, and 
 
the judgements made when applying accounting 
policies (apart from those involving estimations) 
that have the most significant effect on the 
amounts recognised in the financial statements. 
Critical judgements and estimates are in particular 
associated with: 
 
the fair value measurement of certain financial 
instruments 
 
the classification of financial assets 
 
the derecognition of financial assets 
 
the impairment testing of loans to the public/credit 
institutions 
 
the effectiveness testing of cash flow hedges 
 
the actuarial calculations of pension liabilities and 
plan assets related to employees 
 
the assessment of expected lease terms and 
classification of leases 
 
the valuation of deferred tax assets 
 
claims in civil lawsuits and possible fines. 
Fair value measurement of certain financial 
instruments 
Nordea Group’s and NMB’s accounting policy for 
determining the fair value of financial instruments is 
described in section 9 “Determination of fair value of 
financial instruments” and Note 26 “Assets and 
liabilities at fair value”. Critical judgements that have a 
significant impact on the recognised amounts for 
financial instruments are exercised when determining 
fair value of OTC derivatives and other financial 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
20

--- Page 222 ---
instruments that lack quoted prices or recently observed 
market prices. Those judgements relate to the following 
areas: 
 
The choice of valuation techniques. 
 
The determination of when quoted prices fail to 
represent fair value (including the judgement of 
whether markets are active). 
 
The construction of fair value adjustments in order 
to incorporate relevant risk factors such as credit 
risk, model risk and liquidity risk. 
 
The judgement of which market parameters are 
observable. 
The critical judgements required when determining fair 
value of financial instruments that lack quoted prices or 
recently observed market prices also introduce a high 
degree of estimation uncertainty. 
In all of these instances, decisions are based upon 
professional judgement in accordance with Nordea 
Group’s accounting and valuation policies. 
Sensitivity analysis disclosures covering fair values of 
financial instruments with significant unobservable 
inputs can be found in Note 26 “Assets and liabilities at 
fair value”. 
Impairment testing of loans to the public/credit 
institutions 
Nordea Group’s accounting policy for impairment 
testing of loans is described in section 12 “Loans to the 
public/credit institutions”. 
Management is required to exercise critical judgements 
and estimates when calculating loan impairment 
allowances. For more information, see Note 11 “Loans 
and impairment”. 
When calculating allowances for individually 
significant impaired loans, judgement is exercised to 
estimate the amount and timing of the expected cash 
flows to be received from the customers under different 
scenarios, including the valuation of any collateral 
received. Judgement is also applied when assigning the 
likelihood of the different scenarios occurring. 
Judgement is exercised to assess when an exposure has 
experienced a significant increase in credit risk. If this 
is the case, the provision should reflect the lifetime 
expected losses, as opposed to a 12-month expected 
loss for exposures not having increased significantly in 
credit risk. Judgement is also exercised in the choice of 
modelling approaches covering other parameters used 
when calculating the expected losses, such as the 
expected lifetime used in stage 2, as well as in the 
assessment of whether the parameters based on 
historical experience are relevant for estimating future 
losses. 
The statistical model used to calculate provisions are 
based on macro-economic scenarios, which requires 
management to exercise judgement when identifying 
such scenarios and when assigning the likelihood of the 
different scenarios occurring. Judgement is also 
exercised in the assessment of the extent to which the 
parameters for the different scenarios, based on 
historical experience, are relevant for estimating future 
losses. 
Effectiveness testing of cash flow hedges 
Nordea Group’s accounting policies for cash flow 
hedges are described in section 8 “Hedge accounting”. 
One important judgement in connection to cash flow 
hedge accounting is the choice of method used for 
effectiveness testing. 
Where Nordea Group applies cash flow hedge 
accounting the hedging instruments used are 
predominantly cross currency interest rate swaps, 
which are always held at fair value. The currency 
component is designated as a cash flow hedge of 
currency risk and the interest component as a fair value 
hedge of interest rate risk. The hypothetical derivative 
method is used when measuring the effectiveness of 
these cash flow hedges, meaning that the change in a 
perfect hypothetical swap is used as proxy for the 
present value of the cumulative change in expected 
future cash flows on the hedged transaction (the 
currency component). Critical judgement has to be 
exercised when defining the characteristics of the 
perfect hypothetical swap. 
Actuarial calculations of pension liabilities and plan 
assets related to employees 
Nordea Group’s accounting policy for post-
employment benefits is described in section 17 
“Employee benefits”. 
The defined benefit obligation for major pension plans 
is calculated by external actuaries using demographic 
assumptions based on the current population. As a 
basis for these calculations a number of actuarial and 
financial parameters are used. 
The estimation of the discount rate is subject to 
uncertainty related to whether corporate bond markets 
are deep enough, of high quality and also in connection 
with the extrapolation of yield curves to relevant 
maturities. In Finland the discount rate is determined 
with reference to high-quality corporate bonds. Other 
parameters, like assumptions about salary increases 
and inflation, are based on the expected long-term 
development of these parameters and also subject to 
estimation uncertainty. The main parameters used at 
year-end are disclosed in Note 21 “Retirement benefit 
obligations” together with a description of the 
sensitivity to changes in assumptions. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
21

--- Page 223 ---
Assessment of expected lease terms and 
classification of leases 
Nordea’s accounting policies for leases are described in 
section 13 “Leasing”. 
Critical judgement has to be exercised as a lessee when 
estimating the expected lease term by considering all 
facts and circumstances that create an economic 
incentive to exercise and extension or termination 
option. The expected lease term for contracts with no 
end date is estimated in the same way. 
For a lessor, critical judgement has to be exercised 
when classifying lease contracts. A lease is classified as 
finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks 
and rewards related to ownership. A lease is classified 
as an operating lease if it does not transfer substantially 
all the risks and rewards related to ownership. 
More information on lease contracts can be found in 
Note 13 “Property and equipment”. 
Valuation of deferred tax assets 
Nordea’s accounting policy for the recognition of 
deferred tax assets is described in section 15 “Taxes” 
and Note 10 “Taxes”. 
The valuation of deferred tax assets is influenced by 
management’s assessment of Nordea’s future 
profitability and sufficiency of future taxable profits 
and future reversals of existing taxable temporary 
differences. These assessments are updated and 
reviewed at each balance sheet date, and are, if 
necessary, revised to reflect the current situation. 
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets was EUR 
9.2m (EUR 11.9m) at the end of the year. 
5. 
Recognition of operating income and 
impairment 
Net interest income 
Interest income and expense are calculated and 
recognised based on the effective interest rate method 
or, if considered appropriate, based on a method that 
results in an interest income or interest expense that is a 
reasonable approximation of using the effective interest 
rate method as basis for the calculation. The effective 
interest includes fees considered to be an integral part 
of the effective interest rate of a financial instrument 
(generally fees received as compensation for risk). The 
effective interest rate equals the rate that discounts the 
estimated future cash flows to the net carrying amount 
of the financial asset or financial liability. 
Interest income and expenses from financial 
instruments are, with the exceptions described below, 
classified as “Net interest income”. 
The interest component in FX swaps, and the interest 
paid and received in interest rate swaps plus changes in 
accrued interest, is classified as “Net result from items 
at fair value”, apart for derivatives used for hedging, 
including economical hedges of NMB’s funding, 
where such components are classified as “Net interest 
income”. 
Net fee and commission income 
NMB earns commission income from different services 
provided to its customers. The recognition of 
commission income depends on the purpose for which 
the fees are received. Fees are either recognised as 
revenue when services are provided or in connection to 
the execution of a significant act. 
Lending fees that are not part of the effective interest 
of a financial instrument are recognised at a point of 
time. 
Expenses for bought financial guarantees, are 
amortised over the duration of the instruments and 
classified as “Fee and commission expense” 
respectively. 
Initial contract costs for obtaining contracts are 
recognised as an asset and amortised if the costs are 
expected to be recovered. 
Net result from items at fair value 
Realised and unrealised gains and losses on financial 
instruments measured at fair value through profit or 
loss are recognised in the item “Net result from items 
at fair value”. Realised and unrealised gains and losses 
derive from: 
 
Interest-bearing securities and other interest-
related instruments 
 
Foreign exchange gains/losses 
 
Other financial instruments. 
The ineffective portion of cash flow hedges is 
recognised in “Net result from items at fair value”. 
This item also includes realised gains and losses from 
financial instruments measured at amortised cost, such 
as interest compensation received and realised 
gains/losses on buy-backs of issued own debt. 
“Net result from items at fair value” also includes 
losses from counterparty risk on instruments classified 
into the category Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss. Impairment losses from instruments 
within other categories are recognised in the item “Net 
loan losses”. 
Other operating income and other expenses 
Other operating income, not related to any other 
income line, is generally recognised when it is 
probable that the benefits associated with the 
transaction will flow to NMB and if the significant 
risks and rewards have been transferred to the buyer 
(generally when the transactions are finalised). 
Resolution fees are presented as “Other expenses” in 
the income statement. The earlier policy was to present 
the expense as “Interest expense”. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
22

--- Page 224 ---
Net loan losses 
Impairment losses from financial assets classified into 
the category Amortised cost (see section 11 “Financial 
instruments”), in the items “Loans to credit 
institutions” and “Loans to the public” on the balance 
sheet, are reported as “Net loan losses”. Losses are 
reported net of any collateral and other credit 
enhancements. NMB’s accounting policies for the 
calculation of impairment losses on loans can be found 
in section 12 “Loans to the public/credit institutions”. 
Counterparty losses on instruments classified into the 
category Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss, are reported under “Net result from items at fair 
value”. 
6. 
Recognition and derecognition of financial 
instruments on the balance sheet 
Derivative instruments, quoted securities and foreign 
exchange spot transactions are recognised on and 
derecognised (and an asset or a liability is recognised 
as “Other assets” or “Other liabilities” on the balance 
sheet between trade date and settlement date) from the 
balance sheet on the trade date. Other financial 
instruments are recognised on the balance sheet on 
settlement date. 
Financial assets, other than those for which trade date 
accounting is applied, are derecognised from the 
balance sheet when the contractual rights to the cash 
flows from the financial asset expire or are transferred 
to another party. The rights to the cash flows normally 
expire or are transferred when the counterpart has 
performed by e.g. repaying a loan to Nordea, i.e. on 
settlement date. 
Loans and other financial assets where cash flows are 
modified or part of a restructuring are derecognised, 
and a new loan recognised, if the terms and conditions 
of the new loan are substantially different from the old 
loan. This is normally the case if the present value of 
the cash flows of the new loan discounted by the 
original interest rate differs more than 10% from the 
present value of the remaining expected cash flows of 
the old loan. The same principles apply to financial 
liabilities. The terms and conditions are also considered 
to be significantly different for financial assets where 
the modified cash flows are SPPI, but the original cash 
flows were not SPPI and vice versa. 
Financial liabilities are derecognised from the balance 
sheet when the liability is extinguished. Normally this 
occurs when NMB performs, for example when NMB 
repays a deposit to the counterpart, i.e. on settlement 
date. Financial liabilities under trade date accounting 
are generally derecognised and a liability is recognised 
as “Other liabilities” on the balance sheet on trade date. 
7. Translation of assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies 
The functional currency of NMB is euro (EUR). 
Foreign currency is defined as any currency other than 
the functional currency of the entity. Foreign currency 
transactions are recorded at the exchange rate on the 
date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the 
exchange rate on the balance sheet date. 
Exchange differences arising on the settlement of 
transactions at rates different from those at the date of 
the transaction, and unrealised translation differences 
on unsettled foreign currency monetary assets and 
liabilities, are recognised in the income statement in 
the item “Net result from items at fair value”. 
8. Hedge accounting 
As a part of Nordea’s risk management policy, Nordea 
has identified a series of risk categories with 
corresponding hedging strategies using derivative 
instruments, as set out in Note 2 “Risk and liquidity 
management” (the Market risk section) and Note 12 
“Derivatives and hedge accounting”. 
When a hedging relationship meets the specified hedge 
accounting criteria set out in IAS 39, Nordea applies 
one of three types of hedge accounting: 
 
Fair value hedge accounting 
 
Cash flow hedge accounting 
 
Hedges of net investments 
Nordea has elected, as a policy choice permitted under 
IFRS 9, to continue to apply hedge accounting in 
accordance with the carve out version of IAS 39. 
The EU carve out version enables a group of 
derivatives (or proportions thereof) to be viewed in 
combination and be designated as the hedging 
instrument. It also removes some of the limitations in 
fair value hedge accounting relating to hedging core 
deposits and under-hedging strategies. 
At inception, NMB formally documents how the 
hedging relationship meets the hedge accounting 
criteria, including the economic relationship between 
the hedged item and the hedging instrument, the nature 
of the risk, the risk management objective and strategy 
for undertaking the hedge and the method that will be 
used to assess the effectiveness of the hedging 
relationship on an ongoing basis. 
The application of hedge accounting requires the hedge 
to be highly effective. A hedge is regarded as highly 
effective if at inception and throughout its life it can be 
expected that changes in fair value of the hedged item, 
as regards the hedged risk can be essentially offset by 
changes in fair value of the hedging instrument. The 
result should be within a range of 80–125 per cent. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
23

--- Page 225 ---
Transactions that are entered into in accordance with 
Nordea’s hedging objectives but do not qualify for 
hedge accounting, are economic hedge relationships. 
NMB currently applies fair value hedge accounting and 
cash flow hedge accounting. 
Fair value hedge accounting 
Fair value hedge accounting is applied when 
derivatives are hedging changes in fair value of a 
recognised asset or liability attributable to a specific 
risk in accordance with NMB’s risk management 
policies set out in the Note 2 “Risk and liquidity 
management” (the Market risk section) and Note 12 
“Derivatives and hedge accounting”. The risk of 
changes in fair value of assets and liabilities in NMB’s 
financial statements originates mainly from loans, 
securities and deposits with a fixed interest rate, 
causing interest rate risk. Changes in fair value from 
derivatives as well as changes in fair value of the 
hedged item attributable to the risks being hedged are 
recognised separately in the income statement in the 
item “Net result from items at fair value”. Given the 
hedge is effective, the change in fair value of the 
hedged item and the hedging instrument will offset. 
The changes in fair value of the hedged item 
attributable to the risks hedged with the derivative 
instrument are reflected in an adjustment to the 
carrying amount of the hedged item, which is also 
recognised in the income statement. The fair value 
change of the hedged items held at amortised cost in a 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risks is reported 
separately from the portfolio in the item “Fair value 
changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of 
interest rate risk” on the balance sheet. 
Fair value hedge accounting in NMB is performed 
mainly on a portfolio basis. Any ineffectiveness is 
recognised in the income statement under the item “Net 
result from items at fair value”. 
Hedged items 
A hedged item in a fair value hedge can be a 
recognised single asset or liability, an unrecognised 
firm commitment, or a portion thereof. The hedged 
item can also be a group of assets, liabilities or firm 
commitments with similar risk characteristics. Hedged 
items in Nordea Group consist of both individual assets 
or liabilities and portfolios of assets and/or liabilities. 
Hedging instruments 
The hedging instruments used in NMB are 
predominantly interest rate swaps and cross currency 
interest rate swaps, which are always held at fair value. 
Hedge effectiveness 
When assessing hedge effectiveness retrospectively 
Nordea measures the fair value of the hedging 
instruments and compares the change in fair value of 
the hedging instrument to the change in fair value of 
the hedged item. The effectiveness measurement is 
made on a cumulative basis. 
If the hedging relationship does not fulfil the hedge 
accounting requirements, hedge accounting is 
discontinued. For fair value hedges the hedging 
instrument is measured at fair value through profit and 
loss and the change in the fair value of the hedged 
item, up to the point when the hedge relationship is 
terminated, is amortised to the income statement on a 
straight-line basis over the remaining maturity of the 
hedged item. 
Hedge ineffectiveness can arise from: 
 
Differences in timing of cash flows of hedged 
items and hedging instruments 
 
Different interest rate curves applied to discount 
the hedged items and hedging instruments 
 
The effect of changes in Nordea’s or a 
counterparty’s credit risk on the fair value of the 
hedging instrument or hedged items 
 
Disparity between expected and actual 
prepayments of the loan portfolio 
Cash flow hedge accounting 
In accordance with NMB’s risk management policies 
set out in Note 2 “Risk and liquidity management” (the 
Market risk section) and Note 12 “Derivatives and 
hedge accounting”, cash flow hedge accounting is 
applied when hedging the variability in future interest 
payments on instruments with variable interest rates 
and for the hedging of currency exposures. The portion 
of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument, that is 
determined to be an effective hedge, is recognised in 
other comprehensive income and accumulated in the 
cash flow hedge reserve in equity. The ineffective 
portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is 
recycled to the item “Net result from items at fair 
value” in the income statement. 
Gains or losses on hedging instruments recognised in 
the cash flow hedge reserve in equity through other 
comprehensive income are recycled and recognised in 
the income statement in the same period as the hedged 
item affects profit or loss, normally in the period that 
interest income or interest expense is recognised. 
Hedged items 
A hedged item in a cash flow hedge can be highly 
probable floating interest rate cash flows from 
recognised assets or liabilities or from future assets or 
liabilities. NMB uses cash flow hedges when hedging 
currency risk in future payments of interest and 
principal in foreign currency and when hedging interest 
rate risk in lending with floating interest rates. 
Hedging instruments 
The hedging instruments used in NMB are 
predominantly cross currency interest rate swaps, 
which are always held at fair value, where the currency 
component is designated as a cash flow hedge of 
currency risk and the interest component as a fair value 
hedge of interest rate risk. When hedging the interest 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
24

--- Page 226 ---
rate risk in lending with floating interest rates NMB 
uses interest rate derivatives as hedging instruments, 
which are always held at fair value. 
Hedge effectiveness 
The hypothetical derivative method is used when 
measuring the effectiveness retrospectively of cash 
flow hedges, meaning that the change in a perfect 
hypothetical swap is used as proxy for the present value 
of the cumulative change in expected future cash flows 
from the hedged transaction (the currency component). 
If the hedging relationship does not fulfil the hedge 
accounting requirements, the hedge accounting is 
discontinued. Changes in the unrealised value of the 
hedging instrument will prospectively from the last 
time it was proven effective be accounted for in the 
income statement. The cumulative gain or loss on the 
hedging instrument that has been recognised in the cash 
flow hedge reserve in equity through other 
comprehensive income from the period when the hedge 
was effective is reclassified from equity to “Net result 
from items at fair value” in the income statement if the 
expected transaction is no longer expected to occur. 
If the expected transaction no longer is highly probable, 
but is still expected to occur, the cumulative gain or 
loss on the hedging instrument that has been recognised 
in other comprehensive income from the period when 
the hedge was effective remains in other 
comprehensive income until the transaction occurs or is 
no longer expected to occur. 
The possible sources of ineffectiveness for cash flow 
hedges are generally the same as for those for fair value 
hedges described above. However, for cash flow 
hedges, prepayment risk is less relevant, and the causes 
of hedging ineffectiveness arise from the changes in the 
timing and the amount of forecast future cash flows. 
9. 
Determination of fair value of financial 
instruments 
Fair value is defined as the price that at the 
measurement date would be received to sell an asset or 
paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction 
between market participants under current market 
conditions in the principal market for the asset or 
liability or, in the absence of a principal market, in the 
most advantageous market for the asset or liability. 
The existence of published price quotations in an active 
market is the best evidence of fair value and when they 
exist they are used to measure financial assets and 
financial liabilities. An active market for the asset or 
liability is a market in which transactions for the asset 
or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume 
to provide pricing information on an on-going basis. 
The absolute level for liquidity and volume required for 
a market to be considered active vary with the 
instrument classes. For some classes low price 
volatility is seen, also for those instruments within the 
class where the trade frequency is high. For 
instruments in such a class the liquidity requirements 
are lower and, correspondingly, the age limit for the 
prices used for establishing fair value is higher. 
The trade frequency and volume are monitored 
regularly in order to assess if markets are active or non­
active. NMB is predominantly using published price 
quotations to establish fair value for items disclosed 
under the following balance sheet items: 
 
Interest-bearing securities 
 
Derivatives (listed). 
If quoted prices for a financial instrument fail to 
represent actual and regularly occurring market 
transactions or if quoted prices are not available, fair 
value is established by using an appropriate valuation 
technique. The adequacy of the valuation technique, 
including an assessment of whether to use quoted 
prices or theoretical prices, is monitored on a regular 
basis. 
Valuation techniques can range from simple discounted 
cash flow analysis to complex option pricing models. 
Valuation models are designed to apply observable 
market prices and rates as input whenever possible but 
can also make use of unobservable model parameters. 
The adequacy of the valuation model is assessed by 
measuring its capability to hit market prices. This is 
done by comparison of calculated prices to relevant 
benchmark data, e.g. quoted prices from exchanges, the 
counterparty’s valuations, price data from consensus 
services etc. 
NMB is predominantly using valuation techniques to 
establish fair value for items disclosed under the 
following balance sheet items: 
 
Interest-bearing securities (when quoted prices in 
an active market are not available) 
 
Derivatives (OTC-derivatives). 
For financial instruments, where fair value is estimated 
by a valuation technique, it is investigated whether the 
variables used in the valuation model are 
predominantly based on data from observable markets. 
By data from observable markets, the Group considers 
data that can be collected from generally available 
external sources and where this data is judged to 
represent realistic market prices. If non-observable data 
has a significant impact on the valuation, the 
instrument cannot be recognised initially at the fair 
value estimated by the valuation technique and any 
upfront gains are thereby deferred and amortised 
through the income statement over the contractual life 
of the instrument. The deferred upfront gains are 
subsequently released to income if the non-observable 
data becomes observable. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
25

--- Page 227 ---
Note 26 “Assets and liabilities at fair value” provides a 
breakdown of fair values of financial instruments 
measured on the basis of: 
 
quoted prices in active markets for the same 
instrument (level 1), 
 
valuation technique using observable data (level 
2), and 
 
valuation technique using non-observable data 
(level 3). 
The valuation models applied by Nordea Group are 
consistent with accepted economic methodologies for 
pricing financial instruments and incorporate the 
factors that market participants consider when setting a 
price. 
New valuation models are subject to approval by the 
Model Risk Committee and all models are reviewed on 
a regular basis. 
For further information, see Note 26 “Assets and 
liabilities at fair value”. 
10. Cash and balances with central banks 
Cash comprises legal tender and bank notes in foreign 
currencies. Balances with central banks consist of 
deposits in accounts with central banks and postal giro 
systems under government authority, where the 
following conditions are fulfilled: 
 
The central bank or the postal giro system is 
domiciled in the country where the institutions is 
established 
 
The balance is readily available at any time. 
11. Financial instruments 
Classification of financial instruments 
Each financial instrument has been classified into one 
of the following categories: 
Financial assets: 
 
Amortised cost 
 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss: 
-
Mandatorily measured at fair value through 
profit and loss 
-
Designated at fair value through profit or loss 
(fair value option) 
 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
Financial liabilities: 
 
Amortised cost 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or 
loss: 
-
Mandatorily measured at fair value through 
profit and loss 
-
Designated at fair value through profit or loss 
(fair value option) 
The classification of a financial asset is dependent on 
the business model for the portfolio where the 
instrument is included and on whether the cash flows 
are solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI). 
Financial assets with cash flows that are not solely 
payments of principle and interest (SPPI) are measured 
at fair value through profit and loss. All other assets are 
classified based on the business model. Instruments 
included in a portfolio with a business model where the 
intention is to keep the instruments and collect 
contractual cash flows are measured at amortised cost. 
Instruments included in a business model where the 
intention is to both keep the instruments to collect the 
contractual cash flows and sell the instruments are 
measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income. Financial assets included in any other business 
model are measured at fair value through profit and 
loss. 
In order to assess the business model, Nordea Group 
has divided its financial assets into portfolios and/or 
sub-portfolios based on how groups of financial assets 
are managed together to achieve a particular business 
objective. To derive the right level on which portfolios 
are determined, Nordea Group has taken the current 
business area structure into account. When determining 
the business model for each portfolio, the Group has 
analysed the objective with the financial assets, as well 
as, for instance past sales behaviour and management 
compensation. 
All financial assets and liabilities are initially measured 
at fair value. The classification of financial instruments 
into different categories forms the basis for how each 
instrument is subsequently measured on the balance 
sheet and how changes in its value are recognised. 
Amortised cost 
Financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised 
cost are initially recognised on the balance sheet at fair 
value, including transaction costs. Subsequent to initial 
recognition, the instruments within this category are 
measured at amortised cost. In an amortised cost 
measurement, the difference between acquisition cost 
and redemption value is amortised in the income 
statement over the remaining term using the effective 
interest rate method. Amortised cost is defined as the 
amount at which the financial asset or financial liability 
is measured at initial recognition minus the principal 
repayments plus or minus the cumulative amortisation 
using the effective interest method of any difference 
between that initial amount and the maturity amount 
and, for financial assets, adjusted for any loss 
allowance. For more information about the effective 
interest rate method see Note 1 section 5, “Net interest 
income”. For information about impairment under 
IFRS 9, see section 12 below. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
26

--- Page 228 ---
Interest on assets and liabilities classified at amortised 
cost is recognised in the items “Interest income” and 
“Interest expense” in the income statement. 
This category consists of mainly loans to credit 
institutions and public. 
Financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss 
Financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss are measured at fair value, 
excluding transaction costs. All changes in fair values 
are recognised directly in the income statement in the 
item “Net result from items at fair value”. 
The category consists of two sub-categories: 
mandatorily measured at fair value through profit and 
loss and designated at fair value through profit or loss 
(fair value option). 
The sub-category mandatorily measured at fair value 
through profit and loss contains interest-bearing 
securities included in the liquidity buffer and derivative 
instruments. 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income are measured at fair value plus 
transaction costs. Changes in fair values, except for 
interest, foreign exchange effects and impairment 
losses, are recognised in the fair value reserve in equity 
through other comprehensive income. Interest is 
recognised in the item “Interest income”, foreign 
exchange effects in “Net result from items at fair 
value” and impairment losses in the item “Net loan 
losses” in the income statement. When an instrument is 
disposed of, the fair value changes that previously have 
been accumulated in the fair value reserve in other 
comprehensive income are removed from equity and 
recognised in the income statement in the item “Net 
result from items at fair value”. For information about 
impairment under IFRS 9, see section 12 below. 
Derivatives 
All derivatives are recognised on the balance sheet and 
measured at fair value. Derivatives with total positive 
fair values, including any accrued interest, are 
recognised as assets in the item “Derivatives” on the 
asset side. Derivatives with total negative fair values, 
including any accrued interest, are recognised as 
liabilities in the item “Derivatives” on the liability side. 
Realised and unrealised gains and losses from 
derivatives are recognised in the income statement in 
the item “Net result from items at fair value”. 
Offsetting of financial assets and liabilities 
NMB offsets financial assets and liabilities on the 
balance sheet if there is a legal right to offset, in the 
ordinary course of business and in case of default, 
bankruptcy and insolvency of NMB and the 
counterparties, and if the intent is to settle the items net 
or realise the asset and settle the liability 
simultaneously. 
Exchanged traded derivatives are generally accounted 
for as settled on a daily basis when cash is paid or 
received and the instrument is reset to market terms. 
Issued debt and equity instruments 
A financial instrument issued by NMB is either 
classified as a financial liability or equity. Issued 
financial instruments are classified as a financial 
liability if the contractual arrangement results in NMB 
having a present obligation to either deliver cash or 
another financial asset, or a variable number of equity 
instruments to the holder of the instrument. If this is 
not the case, the instrument is generally an equity 
instrument and classified as equity, net of transaction 
costs. Where issued financial instruments contain both 
liability and equity components, these are accounted 
for separately. 
12. Loans to the public/credit institutions 
Scope 
Financial instruments classified as Amortised cost or 
Fair value through other comprehensive income are in 
scope for recognising impairment due to credit risk. 
This includes assets recognised on the balance sheet as 
“Loans to credit institutions” and “Loans to the 
public”. These balance sheet lines also include assets 
classified as Fair value through profit or loss, which are 
not in scope for impairment calculations. See section 
11 above and Note 25 on “Classification of financial 
instruments”. 
Off-balance sheet commitments, contingent liabilities 
and loan commitments are also in scope for impairment 
calculations. 
Recognition and presentation 
Amortised cost assets are recognised gross with an 
offsetting allowance for the expected credit losses if 
the loss is not regarded as final. The allowance account 
is disclosed net on the face of the balance sheet, but the 
allowance account is disclosed separately in the notes. 
Changes in the allowance account are recognised in the 
income statement and classified as “Net loan losses”. 
If the impairment loss is regarded as final, it is reported 
as a realised loss and the carrying amount of the loan 
and the related allowance for impairment loss are 
derecognised. An impairment loss is regarded as final 
when the obligor is filed for bankruptcy and the 
administrator has declared the economic outcome of 
the bankruptcy procedure, or when NMB forgives its 
claims either through a legal based or voluntary 
reconstruction, or when NMB, for other reasons, deem 
it unlikely that the claim will be recovered. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
27

--- Page 229 ---
Provisions for off-balance sheet exposures are 
classified as “Provisions” on the balance sheet, with 
changes in provisions classified as “Net loan losses”. 
Assets classified as Fair value through other 
comprehensive income are recognised at fair value on 
the balance sheet. Impairment losses calculated in 
accordance with IFRS 9 are recognised in the income 
statement and classified as “Net result from items at 
fair value”. Any fair value adjustments are recognised 
in “Other comprehensive income”. 
Impairment testing 
NMB classifies all exposures into stages on an 
individual basis. Stage 1 includes assets where there 
has been no significant increase in credit risk since 
initial recognition, stage 2 includes assets where there 
has been a significant increase in credit risk and stage 3 
includes defaulted assets. NMB monitors whether there 
are indicators of exposures being credit impaired (stage 
3) by identifying events that have a detrimental impact 
on the estimated future cash flows (loss event). Nordea 
applies the same definition of default as the Capital 
Requirements Regulation. More information on the 
identification of loss events can be found in Note 2 
“Risk and liquidity management”. Exposures without 
individually calculated allowances will be covered by 
the model-based impairment calculation. 
For significant exposures that have been individually 
identified as credit impaired, the measurement of the 
impairment loss is made on an individual basis. The 
carrying amount of the exposure is compared with the 
sum of the net present value of expected future cash 
flows. If the carrying amount is higher, the difference is 
recognised as an impairment loss. The expected cash 
flows are discounted with the original effective interest 
rate and include the fair value of the collaterals and 
other credit enhancements. The estimate is based on 
three different forward-looking scenarios that are 
probability weighted to derive the net present value. 
For insignificant exposures that have been individually 
identified as credit impaired, the impairment loss is 
measured using the collective model described below 
but based on the fact that the exposures are already in 
default. 
Model-based allowance calculation 
For exposures not impaired on an individual basis, a 
statistical model is used for calculating impairment 
losses. The provisions are calculated as the exposure at 
default times the probability of default times the loss 
given default. For assets in stage 1 this calculation is 
only based on the coming 12 months, while it for assets 
in stage 2 and 3 are based on the expected lifetime of 
the asset. 
The provisions for exposures where there has been no 
significant increase in credit risk since initial 
recognition are based on the 12-month expected loss 
(stage 1). Provisions for exposures where there has 
been a significant increase in credit risk since initial 
recognition, but that are not credit impaired, are based 
on the lifetime expected losses (stage 2). This is also 
the case for the insignificant credit impaired exposures 
in stage 3. 
NMB uses two different models to identify whether 
there has been a significant increase in credit risk or 
not. For assets held at transition 1 January 2018, the 
change in internal rating and scoring data is used to 
determine whether there has been a significant increase 
in credit risk or not. Internal rating/scoring information 
is used to assess the risk of the customers and a 
deterioration in rating/scoring indicates an increase in 
the credit risk of the customer. Nordea has concluded it 
is not possible to calculate the lifetime PDs at 
origination without the use of hindsight for assets 
already recognised on the balance sheet at transition. 
Changes to the lifetime Probability of Default (PD) are 
used as the trigger for assets recognised after transition. 
For assets evaluated based on lifetime PDs, NMB uses 
a mix of absolute and relative changes in PD as the 
transfer criterion: 
 
Retail customers with an initial 12-month PD 
below 1%: 
Exposures with a relative increase in lifetime PD 
above 100% and an absolute increase in 12-month 
PD above 45 bps are transferred to stage 2. 
 
Retail customers with an initial 12-month PD 
above or equal to 1%: 
Exposures with a relative increase in lifetime PD 
above 100% or an absolute increase in 12-month 
PD above 300 bps are transferred to stage 2. 
 
Non-Retail customers with an initial 12-month PD 
below 0.5%: 
Exposures with a relative increase in lifetime PD 
above 150% and an absolute increase in 12-month 
PD above 20 bps are transferred to stage 2. 
 
Non-Retail customers with an initial 12-month PD 
above or equal to 0.5%: 
Exposures with a relative increase in lifetime PD 
above 150% or an absolute increase in 12-month 
PD above 400 bps are transferred to stage 2. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
28

--- Page 230 ---
For assets where rating and scoring models are used, 
the change in rating/scoring notches is calibrated to 
match the significant increase in credit risk based on 
lifetime PD. In addition, customers with forbearance 
measures and customers with payments more than 
thirty days past due are also transferred to stage 2, 
unless already identified as credit impaired (stage 3). 
Exposures more than 90 days past due will normally be 
classified as stage 3, but this classification will be 
rebutted if there is evidence that the customer is not in 
default. Such exposures will be classified as stage 2. 
When calculating provisions, including the staging 
assessment, the calculation is based on probability 
weighted forward looking information. Nordea applies 
three macro-economic scenarios to address the non­
linearity in expected credit losses. The different 
scenarios are used to adjust the relevant parameters for 
calculating expected losses and a probability weighted 
average of the expected losses under each scenario is 
recognised as provisions. The model is based on data 
collected before the reporting date, which require 
Nordea to identify events that should affect the 
provisions after the data is sourced to the model 
calculation. Management evaluates these events and 
adjusts the provisions if deemed necessary. 
Write-offs 
A write-off is a de-recognition of a loan or receivable 
from the balance sheet and a final realisation of a credit 
loss provision. When assets are considered as 
uncollectable they should be written off as soon as 
possible, regardless of whether the legal claim remains 
or not. A write-off can take place before legal actions 
against the borrower to recover the debt have been 
concluded in full. Although an uncollectable asset is 
removed or written-off from the balance sheet, the 
customer remains legally obligated to pay the 
outstanding debt. When assessing the recoverability of 
non-performing loans and determining if write-offs are 
required, exposures with the following characteristics 
are in particular focus (list not exhaustive): 
 
Exposures past due more than 90 days. If, 
following this assessment, an exposure or part of 
an exposure is deemed as unrecoverable, it is 
written-off. 
 
Exposures under insolvency procedure where the 
collateralisation of the exposure is low. 
 
Exposures where legal expenses are expected to 
absorb proceeds from the bankruptcy procedure 
and therefore estimated recoveries are expected to 
be low. 
 
A partial write-off may be warranted where there 
is reasonable financial evidence to demonstrate an 
inability of the borrower to repay the full amount, 
i.e. a significant level of debt which cannot be 
reasonably demonstrated to be recoverable 
following forbearance treatment and/or the 
execution of collateral. 
 
Restructuring cases. 
Discount rate 
The discount rate used to measure impairment is the 
original effective interest rate for loans attached to an 
individual customer or, if applicable, to a group of 
loans. If considered appropriate, the discount rate can 
be based on a method that results in an impairment that 
is a reasonable approximation of using the effective 
interest rate method as basis for the calculation. 
Restructured loans and modifications 
In this context a restructured loan is defined as a loan 
where NMB has granted concessions to the obligor due 
to its financial difficulties and where this concession 
has resulted in an impairment loss for NMB. After a 
reconstruction the loan is normally regarded as not 
impaired if it performs according to the new 
conditions. In the event of a recovery the payment is 
reported as a recovery of loan losses. 
Modifications of the contractual cash flows for loans to 
customers in financial distress (forbearance) reduce the 
gross carrying amount of the loan. Normally this 
reduction is less than the existing provision and no loss 
is recognised in the income statement due to 
modifications. If significant, the gross amounts (loan 
and allowance) are reduced. 
13. Leasing 
NMB as lessee 
At inception NMB assesses whether a contract is or 
contains a lease. A lease is a contract that conveys the 
user the right to control the use of an asset for a period 
of time in exchange for consideration. 
The right to use an asset in a lease contract is 
recognised on the commencement date as a right-of­
use (ROU) asset and the obligation to pay lease 
payments is recognised as a lease liability. The ROU 
asset is initially measured as the present value of the 
lease payments, plus initial direct costs and the cost of 
obligations to refurbish the asset less any lease 
incentives received. Non-lease components are 
separated. The discount rate used to calculate the lease 
liability for each contract is the incremental borrowing 
rate at commencement of the contract. 
The ROU assets are presented as similar owned assets 
and the lease liabilities as “Other liabilities” on the 
balance sheet. The depreciation policy is consistent 
with that of similar owned assets, but the depreciation 
period is normally capped at the end of the lease term. 
Impairment testing of the right-of-use assets is 
performed following the same principles as for similar 
owned assets. Interest expense on lease liabilities is 
presented as “Interest expense” in the income 
statement. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
29

--- Page 231 ---
The assets are classified as Land and buildings and 
Equipment. Equipment comprise mainly vehicles and 
IT hardware. Nordea applies the practical expedient of 
short-term contracts (with a contract term of 12 months 
or less), both for Land and buildings and for 
Equipment. The practical expedient of low value assets 
is applied on Equipment. Short term and low value 
contracts are not recognised on the balance sheet and 
the payments are recognised as expenses in the income 
statement as “Other expenses” on a straight-line basis 
over the lease term unless another systematic way 
better reflects the time pattern of Nordea’s benefit. 
In NMB leases are related to to company cars. The 
lease payments generally include fixed payments. 
Residual value guarantees, or purchase options are 
generally not used. 
The lease term is the expected lease term. This 
comprises the non-cancellable period of lease contracts 
and any options that NMB is reasonably certain to 
exercise. The length of contracts with no end date is 
estimated by considering all facts and circumstances. 
14. Properties and equipment 
In NMB the balance sheet item Properties and 
equipment includes leased company cars. 
15. Taxes 
The item “Income tax expense” in the income 
statement comprises current- and deferred income tax. 
The income tax expense is recognised in the income 
statement, except to the extent that the tax effect relates 
to items recognised in other comprehensive income or 
directly in equity, in which case the tax effect is 
recognised in other comprehensive income or in equity 
respectively. 
Current tax is the tax expense on the taxable income for 
the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively 
enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax 
payable in respect of previous years. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised, using 
the balance sheet method, for temporary differences 
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities 
for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used 
for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not recognised 
for temporary differences arising on initial recognition 
of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a 
business combination and that affects neither 
accounting nor taxable profit, nor for differences 
relating to investments in group undertakings and 
associated undertakings to the extent that it is probable 
that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future. 
Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are 
expected to be applied to the temporary differences 
when they reverse, based on the laws that have been 
enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted. A 
deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it 
is probable that future taxable profits will be available 
against which the temporary differences, tax losses 
carry forward and unused tax credits can be utilised. 
Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date 
and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer 
probable that the related tax benefit will be realised. 
Current tax assets and current tax liabilities are offset 
when the legal right to offset exists and Nordea intends 
to either settle the tax asset and the tax liability net or 
to recover the asset and settle the liability 
simultaneously. Deferred tax assets and deferred tax 
liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable 
right to offset current tax assets and current tax 
liabilities. 
Tax positions are regularly reviewed to identify 
situations where it is not probable that the relevant tax 
authorities will accept the treatment used in the tax 
filings. Uncertain tax positions are considered 
independently or as a group, depending on which 
approach better predicts the resolution of the 
uncertainty. If Nordea concludes that it is not probable 
that the taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax 
treatment the effect of uncertainty is reflected when 
determining the related taxable profit (tax loss), tax 
bases, unused tax losses, unused tax credits or tax rates. 
This is done by using either the most likely amount or 
the expected value, depending on which method better 
predicts the outcome of the uncertainty. Uncertain tax 
treatment can affect both current tax and deferred tax. 
16. Provisions 
Provision (which are presented as a liability) are 
recognised when Nordea has a present obligation (legal 
or constructive) as a result of a past event if it is 
probable (i.e. more likely than not) that an outflow of 
resources embodying economic benefits will be 
required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate 
can be made of the amount of the obligation. 
The amount recognised as a provision is the best 
estimate of the expenditure required to settle the 
present obligation at the end of the reporting period. 
Provisions relating to Employee benefits are further 
described in section 17. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
30

--- Page 232 ---
17. Employee benefits 
All forms of consideration given by NMB to its 
employees as compensation for services performed are 
employee benefits. Short-term benefits are to be settled 
within twelve months after the reporting period when 
the services were performed. Post-employment benefits 
are benefits payable after the termination of the 
employment. Post-employment benefits at NMB 
consist only of pensions. Termination benefits 
normally arise if an employment is terminated before 
the normal retirement date, or if the employee accepts 
an offer of voluntary redundancy. 
Short-term benefits 
Short term benefits consist mainly of fixed and variable 
salary. Both fixed and variable salaries are expensed in 
the period when the employees performed their 
services to Nordea Mortgage Bank. Nordea has also 
issued share-based payment programmes, which are 
further described in section 20 “Share-based payment”. 
More information can be found in Note 7 “Staff costs”. 
Post-employment benefits 
Pension plans 
The companies within Nordea Group have various 
pension plans, consisting of both defined benefit 
pension plans and defined contribution pension plans, 
reflecting national practices and conditions in the 
countries where the Group operates. The major defined 
benefit pension plans are funded schemes covered by 
assets in pension funds/foundations. If the fair value of 
plan assets, associated with a specific pension plan, is 
lower than the gross present value of the defined 
benefit obligation determined using the projected unit 
credit method, the net amount is recognised as a 
liability (“Retirement benefit obligation”). If not, the 
net amount is recognised as an asset (“Retirement 
benefit assets”). Non-funded pension plans are 
recognised as “Retirement benefit obligations “. 
Most pensions are based on defined contribution 
arrangements that hold no pension liability for Nordea 
Group. All defined benefit pension plans are closed for 
new employees. The Group also contributes to public 
pension systems. 
Pension costs 
Obligations for defined contribution pension plans are 
recognised as an expense as the employee renders 
services to the entity and the contribution payable in 
exchange for these services becomes due. NMB’s net 
obligation for defined benefit pension plans is 
calculated separately for each plan by estimating the 
amount of the future benefit that the employee has 
earned for their service in the current and prior periods. 
That benefit is discounted to determine its present 
value. 
Actuarial calculations including the projected unit 
credit method are applied to assess the present value of 
defined benefit obligations and related costs, based on 
several actuarial and financial assumptions (as 
disclosed in Note 21 “Retirement benefit obligations”). 
When establishing the present value of the obligation 
and the fair value of any plan assets, remeasurement 
effects may arise as a result of changes in actuarial 
assumptions and experience effects (actual outcome 
compared to assumptions). The remeasurement effects 
are recognised immediately in equity through other 
comprehensive income. 
When the calculation results in a benefit the recognised 
asset is limited to the present value of any future 
refunds from the plan or reductions in future 
contributions to the plan. 
Discount rate in defined benefit pension plans 
The discount rate is determined by reference to high 
quality corporate bonds, where a deep enough market 
for such bonds exists. Covered bonds are in this 
context considered to be corporate bonds. In countries 
where no such market exists the discount rate is 
determined by reference to government bond yields. In 
Finland the discount rate is determined with reference 
to corporate bonds. 
Termination benefits 
As mentioned above termination benefits normally 
arise if an employment is terminated before the normal 
retirement date, or if the employee accepts an offer of 
voluntary redundancy. Termination benefits do not 
arise if the employees have to continue performing 
services and the termination benefits can be considered 
to be normal compensation for those services. 
Termination benefits are expensed when NMB has an 
obligation to make the payment. An obligation arises 
when there is a formal plan committed to on the 
appropriate organisational level and when it is without 
not a realistic possibility for NMB to withdraw, which 
normally occurs when the plan has been communicated 
to the group affected or to their representatives. 
Termination benefits can include both short-term 
benefits, for instance a number of months’ salary 
payments, and post-employment benefits, normally in 
the form of early retirement. Short-term benefits are 
classified as “Salaries and remuneration” and post­
employment benefits as “Pension costs” in Note 7 
“Staff costs”. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
31

--- Page 233 ---
18. Equity 
Other reserves 
Other reserves comprise income and expenses, net after 
tax effects, which are reported in equity through other 
comprehensive income. These reserves include fair 
value reserves for cash flow hedges and accumulated 
remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans, as 
well as a reserve for translation differences. 
Retained earnings 
Retained earnings include the undistributed profit from 
previous years. 
19. Credit commitments 
The contractual amount of irrevocable credit 
commitments is recognised off-balance in the item 
“Commitments”. 
20. Share-based payment 
Cash-settled programmes 
NMB has to defer payment of variable salaries under 
the Nordic FSA’s regulations and general guidelines, as 
is also the case with the Executive Incentive 
Programme (EIP). The deferred amounts are to some 
extent indexed using Nordea’s TSR (Total 
Shareholders’ Return) and these “programmes” are 
cash-settled share-based programmes. These 
programmes are fully vested when the payments of 
variable salaries are initially deferred, and the fair value 
of the obligation is remeasured on a continuous basis. 
The remeasurements are, together with the related 
social charges, recognised in the income statement in 
the item “Net result from items at fair value”. 
For more information see Note 7 “Staff costs”. 
21. Related party transactions 
NMB defines related parties as: 
 
Shareholders with control over NMB 
 
Group undertakings 
 
Key management personnel 
 
Other related parties. 
All transactions with related parties are made on an 
arm’s length basis, apart from loans granted to 
employees, see Note ´7 “Staff costs”. 
Shareholders with control over NMB 
Nordea Bank Abp is the sole shareholder, having 100% 
ownership and control over NMB. 
Group undertakings 
Nordea Group undertakings means the subsidiaries of 
the parent company Nordea Bank Abp. 
Group internal transactions between legal entities are 
performed according to arm’s length principles in 
conformity with OECD requirements on transfer 
pricing. These transactions are eliminated in the 
consolidated accounts. 
Key management personnel 
Key management personnel include the following 
positions: 
 
The Board of Directors of Nordea Mortgage Bank 
Plc and Nordea Bank Abp 
 
The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Nordea 
Mortgage Bank Plc and the deputy to the CEO 
 
Management Group of Nordea Mortgage Bank 
Plc. 
For information about compensation, pensions and 
other transactions with key management personnel, see 
Note 7 “Staff costs”. 
Other related parties 
Other related parties comprise close family members to 
individuals in key management personnel. Other 
related parties also include companies significantly 
influenced by key management personnel in NMB as 
well as companies significantly controlled by close 
family members to these key management personnel. 
Information concerning transactions between NMB 
and other related parties is found in Note 29 “Related 
party transactions”. 
22. Exchange rates 
End of year rates as at 31 December 2019 
EUR 
1.00000 
USD 
1.12195 
GBP 
0.84900 
CHF 
1.08500 
DKK 
7.47170 
SEK 10.45625 
NOK 
9.84625 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
32

--- Page 234 ---
Risks associated with Nordea Mortgage Bank’s business 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note 2  Risk and liquidity management  
Maintaining risk awareness in the organisation is engrained in the business strategies. Nordea has defined clear risk, liquidity and capital 
management frameworks, including policies and instructions for different risk types, capital adequacy and capital structure. 
Risk management 
Risk management at the Nordea Group 
The risks to which the Nordea Group is exposed shall reflect the business strategy and the Group’s long-term financial interests. They shall 
be consistent with the Group’s capacity for risk-taking and remain within the risk profile established by the Board of Directors of Nordea 
Bank Abp through its risk appetite. 
The objective of the risk management in the Group is the efficient monitoring of risk exposure and verifying that the exposure is kept within 
the limits set by the risk appetite. Risk appetite and risk exposure shall be kept at a level that takes account of the Group’s ability to absorb 
losses and is therefore closely linked to the capital structure management of the Group. 
It is the Board of Directors of Nordea that has the ultimate responsibility for limiting and monitoring the Group’s risk exposure as well as 
for setting the targets for the capital ratios. Risk is measured and reported according to common principles and policies approved by Nordea 
Bank Abp’s Board of Directors. It is also Nordea Bank Abp’s Board of Directors that decides on Nordea Internal Rules for credit risk, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, business risk, operational risk, as well as the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment 
Process (ICAAP) and the Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process (ILAAP). All Nordea Internal Rules are reviewed at least 
annually. 
The Board of Directors of Nordea Bank Abp has chosen to organise the Group’s risk management into three lines of defence, with all 
business areas and group-wide functions making up the first line of defence. Group Risk & Compliance (GRC) constitutes the second line of 
defence and are the Group’s control functions. Group Internal Audit (GIA) is the third line of defence, independent of the others. 
The first line of defence is responsible for its own risk and for remaining within its risk limits and is working in accordance with the Group’s 
internal control and risk management framework. The second line of defence, which is independent of the first line, is responsible for 
preparing the internal control and risk management framework. This task includes ensuring that the business functions efficiently and that 
the information and controls in place are sufficient and appropriate for identifying and managing the risks in the business. The third line of 
defence, which is independent of the first and second line, has the task of protecting the Group’s assets, reputation and viability by verifying 
that all risks in the business are identified and reported to the management and the Group’s risk control functions. 
Risk management at Nordea Mortgage Bank  
The majority of NMB’s business is conducted by Nordea and its branch network, so it is inevitable that the majority of NMB’s risk 
management is integrated with that of the Group. NMB’s risk management has the same purpose and follows the same Nordea Internal 
Rules as the Group in general. 
The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Nordea Mortgage Bank is responsible for the daily operations. NMB’s Chief Risk Officer (CRO) and 
Management Group have the task of ensuring that the proposed risk exposures and the risk appetite proposed in the Group are neither 
harmful nor inappropriate for NMB’s specific business, and of taking sufficient measures if they are assessed as being harmful or 
inappropriate. Group Board Directives/Group CEO Instructions are adjusted to NMB level in order to comply with all applicable 
requirements under EU and national regulations and proportionality considerations. 
NMB’s Board of Directors has the ultimate and overall responsibility for the company and defines, oversees and is accountable for the 
implementation of the governance arrangements within NMB that ensure effective and prudent management of the institution. Furthermore, 
NMB’s Board of Directors approve capital injections, the risk strategy and the most significant risk limits, following proposals put forward 
by the company management and applicable committees in Nordea. 
Board Risk Committee (BRIC) was established during Q1 2019 in NMB. BRIC shall assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight 
responsibilities concerning management and control of the risks, risk frameworks, controls and processes associated with NMB’s operations, 
including credit, market, liquidity, business, operational risk, conduct and compliance, as well as related frameworks and processes. 
The company operates in three lines of defence. The second line of defence consists of the CRO function responsible for the risk 
management framework and processes; and Compliance responsible for monitoring compliance with internal and external rules. The third 
line of defence consists of Internal Audit. All other functions in the company belong to the first line of defence. 
The second line of defence is independent of and controls the first line of defence. The third line of defence is independent of and controls 
the first and second lines. Together, the second and third lines of defence form the internal control functions, which have access and provide 
reporting directly to NMB’s Board of Directors. The CRO function is headed by the Chief Risk Officer and seconded by the Senior 
Operational Risk Officer. The services of the appointed Compliance Officer and the appointed Internal Auditor are purchased from the 
Nordea Bank Abp. 
Since the majority of the company’s business is conducted by Nordea’s other units, NMB’s risk management is strongly supported by the 
three lines of defence in the Nordea Group. 
All companies that conduct business are exposed to various risks. In this business, a number of critical risks have been identified, and must 
be managed efficiently. Several risks cannot be eliminated; they are inherent in the very business and are fundamental to the ability to 
conduct the business operations. For NMB, the most significant financial risks are credit, market and liquidity risks, while the most 
significant non-financial risks are operational risks, including compliance risks. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
33

--- Page 235 ---
Credit risk 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
Note 2 Risk and liquidity management, cont. 
The risks in NMB’s business are mainly attributable to credit risk. Credit risk occurs when a counterparty cannot or will not honour its 
payment obligations and pledged collateral does not suffice to cover the liability. Risks related to changes in the company’s prospects of 
getting back funds invested in loans and other receivables from counterparties are risks which are inherent in the business operations. 
Negative changes to the credit quality of the company’s borrowers and counterparties due to a general economic decline or systemic risks in 
the financial system, or due to declining collateral values, have a negative impact on the value of the company’s assets. In such a situation, a 
necessary increase to the company’s provisions for expected loan losses and realised loan losses, beyond provisioning already made, would 
have a considerable negative impact on the company’s business, financial position and earnings. 
Business areas have, together with Group Credit Risk Management, the primary responsibility for managing the credit risks in its operations 
within the established framework and limits, including risk identification, control and reporting. The responsibility is regulated in 
outsourcing agreements between Nordea Mortgage Bank and Nordea Bank Abp. 
Group Risk & Compliance (GRC), as a second line of defence unit, is responsible for the overarching credit process í.e. guidelines, 
instructions and Nordea Internal Rules. GRC is also responsible for controlling and monitoring the quality of the credit portfolio and the 
credit process. 
Within NMB, credit quality and adherence to guidelines, instructions and directives is monitored based on reporting from the Nordea Group 
and supplemented with controls performed by NMB’s own staff. Reports are provided to the Management Group, BRIC and to the Board of 
Directors. 
The classification, measurement and impairment requirements in IFRS 9 were implemented by Nordea as from 1 January 2018. Nordea has 
elected, as a policy choice permitted under IFRS 9, to continue to apply hedge accounting in accordance with the carve out version of IAS 
39 (see further description in Note 1 section 8 Hedge accounting). 
Impairment testing 
NMB continuously reviews the quality of the credit exposures based on reporting from the Nordea Group and NMB internal controls. Weak 
and impaired exposures are closely and continuously monitored and reviewed by Business areas at least on a quarterly basis in terms of 
current performance, business outlook, future debt servicing capacity and the possible need for provisions. 
Exposures with provisions are considered as impaired. The size of the provision is equal to the estimated loss, being the difference between 
the book value of the outstanding exposure and the discounted value of the future cash flow, including the value of pledged collateral. 
Impaired exposures can be either servicing or non-servicing. 
Forbearance is negotiated terms or restructuring due to the borrower experiencing or about to experience financial difficulties. The intention 
with granting forbearance for a limited period of time is to ensure full repayment of the outstanding debt. Examples of negotiated terms are 
changes in amortisation profile, repayment schedule or customer margin as well as ease of financial covenants. 
Forbearance is undertaken on a selective and individual basis and followed by impairment testing. Loan loss provisions are recognised if 
necessary. Forborne rated customers without impairment charges are fully covered by either collateral and/or the net present value of future 
cash flows. 
From 1 Jan 2018 Nordea has adhered to IFRS 9 for impairment of financial instruments. The impairment requirements in IFRS 9 are based 
on an expected credit loss model and replaced the IAS 39 incurred loss model. IFRS 9 introduces a three-stage model for impairment where 
Stage 1 is considered as the good book, Stage 2 as the deteriorated book, and Stage 3 as the bad book. Collective and individual credit loss 
provisions will be based on three scenarios. These scenarios will be probability weighted and forward looking. 
Customer classification 
Rating and scoring are the main components in the risk management system for credit risk. The common denominator for the rating/scoring 
models is the ability to rank customers and predict insolvency. While the rating models are used for corporate customers, scoring models are 
used for household customers and smaller companies. Ratings are normally assigned in connection with limit/credit proposals or annual 
reviews and are approved by the credit committees. Scoring models are purely statistical methods used to predict the probability of default 
among customers. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
34

--- Page 236 ---
Collateral distribution 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note 2 Risk and liquidity management, cont. 
Maximum exposure to credit risk 
EURm
Note 
31 Dec 2019
Amortised 
Financial 
cost and Fair assets at fair 
value through 
value 
other 
through 
comprehensive 
profit or 
income 
loss
31 Dec 2018
Amortised 
Financial 
cost and Fair assets at fair 
value through 
value 
other 
through 
comprehensive 
profit or 
income 
loss
Loans to central banks and credit institutions
11
666.1
-
899.5
-
Loans to the public 
Derivatives
11
12
26,719.9
-
-
711.5
23,106.7
-
-
509.9
Off balance sheet items
24
334.4
-
196.8
-
Total
27,720.4
711.5
24,203.0
509.9
Allowances for credit risk 
EURm
Note 
31 Dec 2019 
31 Dec 2018 
Loans to central banks and credit institutions
11
-
-
Loans to the public 
Off balance sheet items
11
20
-11.7
-0.1
-47.8
-0.2
Total 
-11.8 
-48.0 
Collaterals and guarantees 
A crucial factor in the ability to avoid loan losses in the event of the counterparty failing to honour its payment obligations is that the value 
of pledged collateral and/or guarantees cover the claim of Nordea Mortgage Bank on the counterparty. For the purposes of calculating 
capital requirements and expected losses, the risk of loss is measured using various Credit Risk Models. Most such models account for risk 
protection methods, such as collateral and guarantees. Different collateral types have different Loss Given Default factors, which in turn 
impact the required capital. Collateral valuation processes are performed at the time of origination and periodically. 
The table below presents the distribution of collateral used in the capital adequacy calculation process. The table shows residential real 
estate to constitute a major share of eligible collateral items. 
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018 
Financial Collateral
1.3 % 
1.8 % 
Residential Real Estate
97.5 % 
97.1 %
Commercial Real Estate 
0.8 % 
0.7 % 
Other Physical Collateral
0.5 % 
0.4 % 
Total
100.0 %
100.0 %
Credit risk in figures 
NMB’s lending to the public increased 16% during 2019 and amounted to EUR 26.7bn (23.1). Out of lending to the public, corporate 
customers accounted for 7% (8) of the exposure and household customers for 93% (92). The distribution of lending on maturities is shown 
in Note 28. NMB only mortgages properties in Finland. Credit commitments amounted to 334.4m (196.8). 
As in the previous year, NMB did not have any assets in the form of bonds or other interest-bearing securities. Lending to credit institutions 
amounted at the end of the year to 0.7bn (0.9), all of which was placed in Group companies. 
Impaired loans, gross, amounted to EUR 240.9m (193.6) of which 96% refers to private individuals. Following a deduction of EUR 5.3m 
(16.2) for provisioning for individually valued impaired loans, the net amount was EUR 235.6m (177.4), equalling 86bps (74) of loans to the 
public before allowances. Allowances for collectively assessed loans amounted to EUR 6.4m (31.6). For more information, see also Note 11 
“Loans and impairment”. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
35

--- Page 237 ---
Loan-to-value  
At year end, the cover pool’s unindexed weighted average loan-to-value was 51.1% (50.0), entailing that collateral covers roughly the 
double of lending. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
Note 2 Risk and liquidity management, cont. 
Impaired loans and ratios 
2019
2018
Gross impaired loans, EURm
240.9
193.6
- of which servicing 
29.4
24.9
- of which non-servicing
211.5
168.7
Impairment rate, (stage 3) gross, basis points1 
88
80
Impairment rate (stage 3), net, basis points2 
86
74
Allowances in relation to loans in stage 1 and 2, basis points3 
2
13
Total allowance rate (stage 1, 2 and 3), basis points4 
4
20
Allowances in relation to impaired loans (stage 3), %5 
2
8
1 Impaired loans (stage 3) before allowances divided by total loans measured at amortised cost before allowances 
2 Impaired loans (stage 3) after allowances divided by total loans measured at amortised cost before allowances 
3 Allowances for impaired loans (stage 1 and 2) divided by loans measured at amortised cost, not impaired (stage 1 and 2) 
4 Total allowances divided by total loans measured at amortised cost before allowances. 
5 Allowances for impaired loans (stage 3) divided by impaired loans (stage 3) 
Loan-to-value1 
 
31 Dec 2019 
31 Dec 2018 
Retail mortgage exposure 
EURm 
% 
EURm 
% 
<40% 
16,710.2 
62.5 
15,260.1 
66.0 
40–50% 
2,346.1 
8.8 
2,053.5 
8.9 
50–60% 
1,745.6 
6.5 
1,497.8 
6.5 
60–70% 
1,141.4 
4.3 
948.5 
4.1 
70-100% 
 4,776.6 
 17.9 
 3,346.9 
 14.5 
Total 
26,719.9 
100.0 
23,106.7 
100.0 
1  Loan-to-value is calculated using market values. The residential collaterals in NMB’s Cover Pool are capped at loans up to 70% of the market value. 
 
 
Forbearance 
EURm 
31 Dec 2019 
31 Dec 2018 
Forborne loans 
177.5 
111.9 
- of which defaulted 
47.2 
30.5 
Allowances for individually assessed impaired and forborne loans 
-1.1 
-3.0 
- of which defaulted 
-0.8 
-1.7 
 
 
 
Key ratios 
31 Dec 2019 
31 Dec 2018 
1 
Forbearance ratio
0.7 %
0.5 %
Forbearance coverage ratio2 
0.2 %
0.1 %
- of which defaulted
0.1 %
0.2 %
1 Forborne loans/Loans before allowances. 
2 Individual allowances/Forborne loans. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
36

--- Page 238 ---
Rating/scoring information for off balance sheet items 
EURm 
Nominal amount 31 Dec 2019 
 
Rating/scoring grade 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Provisions 
7 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
6 / A 
156.0 
- 
- 
156.0 
0.0 
5 / B 
93.1 
0.3 
- 
93.4 
0.0 
4 / C 
45.3 
1.5 
- 
46.8 
-0.1 
3 / D 
27.2 
2.1 
- 
29.3 
0.0 
2 / E 
3.0 
0.9 
- 
3.9 
0.0 
1 / F 
0.8 
1.3 
- 
2.1 
0.0 
Standardised / Unrated 
1.9 
0.3 
- 
2.2 
- 
0+ / 0 / 0- (default) 
- 
- 
0.7 
0.7 
- 
Total 
327.3 
6.4 
0.7 
334.4 
-0.1 
 
 
 
Note 2 Risk and liquidity management, cont. 
Rating/scoring information for loans measured at amortised cost 
EURm
Nominal amount 31 Dec 2019
Rating/scoring grade
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3
Total
Provisions
7
-
-
-
-
-
6 / A
11,027.4
20.2
0.1
11,047.7
-0.2
5 / B 
8,562.3
202.4
0.1
8,764.8
-0.7
4 / C 
2,956.8
441.1
1.4
3,399.3
-1.2
3 / D
1,363.6
434.8
3.9
1,802.3
-1.5
2 / E
458.3
249.6
1.8
709.7
-1.0
1 / F
351.8
308.7
22.0 
682.5
-2.0
Standardised / Unrated
-
-
-
-
-0.4
0+ / 0 / 0­ (default)
51.6
64.9
211.6
328.1
-4.7
Internal1 
663.3
-
-
663.3
-
Total
25,435.1
1,721.7
240.9
27,397.7
-11.7
1 Exposures towards Nordea entities 
EURm
Nominal amount 31 Dec 2018
Rating/scoring grade
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3
Total
Provisions
7
-
-
-
-
-
6 / A
9,312.2
102.6
-
9,414.8
-2.9
5 / B 
7,107.9
441.8
0.0
7,549.7
-6.6
4 / C 
2,551.5
524.0
2.7
3,078.2
-6.4
3 / D
1,034.6
462.4
2.5
1,499.5
-5.4
2 / E
376.4
273.6
2.8
652.8
-3.5
1 / F
307.6
355.2
16.2 
679.0
-8.0
Standardised / Unrated
-
-
-
-
-0.2
0+ / 0 / 0­ (default)
45.8
65.3
169.4
280.5
-14.8
Internal1 
899.5
-
-
899.5
-
Total
21,635.5
2,224.9
193.6
24,054.0
-47.8
1 Exposures towards Nordea entities 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
37

--- Page 239 ---
Past due loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note 2 Risk and liquidity management, cont. 
Rating/scoring information for off balance sheet items 
EURm
Nominal amount 31 Dec 2018
Rating/scoring grade
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3
Total
Provisions
7
-
-
-
-
-
6 / A
88.6
0.9
-
89.5
0.0
5 / B 
48.2
9.4
-
57.6
-0.1
4 / C 
24.5
5.3
-
29.8
-0.1
3 / D
7.9
3.4
-
11.3
0.0
2 / E
1.0
1.0
-
2.0
0.0
1 / F
1.1
1.5
-
2.6
0.0
Standardised / Unrated
3.2
0.8
-
4.0
0.0
0+ / 0 / 0­ (default)
-
-
-
-
-
Total
174.5
22.3
-
196.8
-0.2
Rating distribution, IRB Corporate customers 
Out of corporate customers, 90% (87) were rated 4- or better (on a scale of 6+ to 1- wher
(4) of corporate customers were rated 1+ or poorer. 
e 6+ is the highest and 1- is the lowest rating). 1% 
% 
60 
50 
40 
EAD 
30 
20 
10 
0 
6+ 6 6- 5+ 5 5- 4+ 4 4- 3+ 3 3- 2+ 2 2- 1+ 1 1­
Dec 2018 
Dec 2019 
 
 
Risk grade distribution, IRB Retail customers 
Out of household customers, 48% (47) had a score of A- or better (on a scale 
2% (2) of household customers had a score of F+ or lower.  
% 
of A+ to F- where A+ is the highest and F- the lowest score). 
20 
15 
EAD 
10 
5 
0 
A+ A A- B+ B B- C+ C C- D+ D D- E+ E E- F+ F F­
Dec 2018 
Dec 2019
The table below shows loans past due 6 days or more, split by corporate and household customers, totalling EUR 287.7m (238.1). Past due 
loans to corporate customers were 15.7m (14.1). Past due loans for households increased to EUR 272.0m (224.0) at the end of 2019. 
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 20181 
Corporate 
Household 
Corporate 
Household 
EURm 
customers 
customers 
customers 
customers 
6-30 days 
5.4 
121.5 
7.2 
99.4 
31-60 days 
3.5 
41.1 
4.5 
38.7 
61-90 days 
0.7 
14.9 
0.8 
19.3 
>90 days 
6.1 
94.5 
1.5 
66.6 
Total 
15.7 
272.0 
14.1 
224.0 
Past due loans divided by loans to the public after allowances, % 
0.8 
1.1 
0.7 
1.1 
1  Based on IFRS 9 regulation past due loans 2018 include impaired loans 
 
 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
38

--- Page 240 ---
Note 2  Risk and liquidity management, cont. 
 
Net loan losses 
Net loan losses totalled EUR 10.3m (-11.4) due to allowance reversals triggered by recalibration of IFRS 9 collective provision model. In 
total, loan loss provisions of EUR 35.8m were reversed, of which 25.5m was recognised through equity and the residual through the income 
statement. 
 
Net loan losses and loan loss ratios 
  
2019 
 2018 
Net loan losses, EURm
10.3
-11.4
Loan loss ratio, basis points
-3.9
4.9
- of which (Stage 3)
-1.3
2.6
- of which (Stage 1 & 2) 
-2.6
2.3
Movements in risks and allowances 
Carrying amount of loans measured at amortised cost, before allowances 
Central banks and credit institutions
The public
EURm
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2019 
899.5 
-
-
899.5 
20,736.0 
2,224.9 
193.6 
23,154.5 
Origination and acquisition 
-
-
-
-
6,701.7
279.7
17.0
6,998.4
Transfers between stage 1 and stage 2, (net)
-
-
-
-
412.6
-412.6
-
-
Transfers between stage 2 and stage 3, (net)
-
-
-
-
-
-40.5
40.5
-
Transfers between stage 1 and stage 3, (net) 
-
-
-
-
-25.7
-
25.7
-
Repayments and disposals
-233.4
-
-
-233.4
-3,232.6
-314.7
-34.2
-3,581.5
Write-offs 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-0.4
-0.4
Other changes
-
-
-
-
177.0
-15.1
-1.3
160.6
Translation differences
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2019 
666.1
-
-
666.1
24,769.0
1,721.7
240.9
26,731.6
Total 
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2019
21,635.5
2,224.9
193.6
24,054.0
Origination and acquisition 
6,701.7
279.7
17.0
6,998.4
Transfers between stage 1 and stage 2, (net)
412.6
-412.6
-
-
Transfers between stage 2 and stage 3, (net)
-
-40.5
40.5
-
Transfers between stage 1 and stage 3, (net)
-25.7
0.0
25.7
-
Repayments and disposals
-3,466.0
-314.7
-34.2
-3,814.9
Write-offs 
-
-
-0.4
-0.4
Other changes
177.0
-15.1
-1.3
160.6
Translation differences
-
-
-
-
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2019 
25,435.1
1,721.7
240.9
27,397.7
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
39

--- Page 241 ---
Note 2 Risk and liquidity management, cont. 
Carrying amount of loans measured at amortised cost, before allowances 
Central banks and credit institutions
The public
EURm 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2018
647.6
-
-
647.6
21,785.7
1,610.9
144.6
23,541.2
Origination and acquisition 
-
-
-
-
2,606.6
380.0
12.1
2,998.7
Transfers between stage 1 and stage 2, (net)
-
-
-
-
-266.4
269.1
-
2.7
Transfers between stage 2 and stage 3, (net)
-
-
-
-
-
-33.5
33.7
0.2
Transfers between stage 1 and stage 3, (net) 
-
-
-
-
-25.1
-
25.6
0.5
Repayments and disposals
-
-
-
-
-3,517.4
-280.0
-24.3
-3,821.7
Write-offs 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-0.1
-0.1
Other changes
251.9
-
-
251.9
152.6
278.4
2.0
433.0
Translation differences
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2018 
899.5
-
-
899.5
20,736.0
2,224.9
193.6
23,154.5
Total
EURm
Stage 1
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2018
22,433.3
1,610.9
144.6
24,188.8
Origination and acquisition 
2,606.6
380.0
12.1
2,998.7
Transfers between stage 1 and stage 2, (net)
-266.4
269.1
-
2.7
Transfers between stage 2 and stage 3, (net)
-
-33.5
33.7
0.2
Transfers between stage 1 and stage 3, (net)
-25.1
-
25.6
0.5
Repayments and disposals
-3,517.4
-280.0
-24.3
-3,821.7
Write-offs 
-
-
-0.1
-0.1
Other changes
404.5
278.4
2.0
684.9
Translation differences
-
-
-
-
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2018 
21,635.5
2,224.9
193.6
24,054.0
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
40

--- Page 242 ---
Note 2 Risk and liquidity management, cont. 
Movement of allowance accounts for loans measured at amortised cost 
Central banks and credit institutions
The public
EURm 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2019
-
-
-
-
-5.5
-26.1
-16.2
-47.8
Origination and acquisition 
-
-
-
-
-3.9
-4.2
-1.5
-9.6
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2
-
-
-
-
0.6
-10.5
-
-9.9
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3
-
-
-
-
0.1
-
-2.8
-2.7
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1
-
-
-
-
-1.2
11.9
-
10.7
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3
-
-
-
-
-
1.7
-5.2
-3.5
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1
-
-
-
-
-0.1
-
1.4
1.3
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2
-
-
-
-
-
-0.6
2.2
1.6
Changes in credit risk without stage transfer 
-
-
-
-
-0.1
-1.0
-0.6
-1.7
Repayments and disposals
-
-
-
-
0.4
2.5
1.9
4.8
Write-off through decrease in allowance account 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Changes due to changes in credit risk without 
stage transfer 
-
-
-
-
7.6
22.0
15.8
45.4
Other changes
-
-
-
-
0.0
0.0
-0.3
-0.3
Translation differences
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2019 
-
-
-
-
-2.1 
-4.3 
-5.3 
-11.7 
Total
EURm
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2019
-5.5
-26.1
-16.2
-47.8
Origination and acquisition 
-3.9
-4.2
-1.5
-9.6
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2
0.6
-10.5
-
-9.9
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3
0.1
-
-2.8
-2.7
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1
-1.2
11.9
-
10.7
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3
-
1.7
-5.2
-3.5
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1
-0.1
-
1.4
1.3
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2
-
-0.6
2.2
1.6
Changes in credit risk without stage transfer 
-0.1
-1.0
-0.6
-1.7
Repayments and disposals
0.4
2.5
1.9
4.8
Write-off through decrease in allowance account 
-
-
-
-
Changes due to changes in credit risk without 
stage transfer 
7.6
22.0
15.8
45.4
Other changes
0.0
0.0
-0.3
-0.3
Translation differences
-
-
-
-
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2019 
-2.1 
-4.3 
-5.3 
-11.7 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
41

--- Page 243 ---
Note 2 Risk and liquidity management, cont. 
Movement of allowance accounts for loans measured at amortised cost 
Central banks and credit institutions
The public
EURm 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2018
0.0
-
-
0.0
-5.8
-20.6
-10.0
-36.4
Origination and acquisition 
-
-
-
-
-1.1
-2.7
-1.0
-4.8
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2
-
-
-
-
0.5
-11.9
-
-11.4
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3
-
-
-
-
0.1
0.0
-3.3
-3.2
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1
-
-
-
-
-0.5
6.7
-
6.2
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3
-
-
-
-
-
1.1
-4.4
-3.3
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1
-
-
-
-
-0.1
0.0
0.8
0.7
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2
-
-
-
-
-
-0.5
1.4
0.9
Changes in credit risk without stage transfer 
-
-
-
-
1.0
0.4
-0.6
0.8
Repayments and disposals
0.0
-
-
0.0
0.4
1.4
0.9
2.7
Write-off through decrease in allowance account 
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Other changes
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Translation differences
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2018 
-
-
-
-
-5.5
-26.1
-16.2
-47.8
Total
EURm
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3
Total 
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2018
-5.8
-20.6
-10.0 
-36.4
Origination and acquisition 
-1.1
-2.7
-1.0
-4.8
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2
0.5
-11.9
-
-11.4
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3
0.1
-
-3.3
-3.2
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1
-0.5
6.7
-
6.2
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3
0.0
1.1
-4.4
-3.3
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1
-0.1
-
0.8
0.7
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2
0.0
-0.5
1.4
0.9
Changes in credit risk without stage transfer 
1.0
0.4
-0.6
0.8
Repayments and disposals
0.4
1.4
0.9
2.7
Write-off through decrease in allowance account 
-
-
-
-
Other changes
-
-
-
-
Translation differences
-
-
-
-
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2018 
-5.5
-26.1
-16.2 
-47.8
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
42

--- Page 244 ---
Note 2 Risk and liquidity management, cont. 
Movements in provisions for off balance sheet items 
EURm
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2019 
0.0 
-0.2 
-
-0.2 
Origination and acquisition 
0.0
-0.1
-
-0.1
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2
0.0
0.0
-
0.0
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3
-
-
-
-
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1
0.0
0.1
-
0.1
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3
-
0.0
-
0.0
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1
-
-
-
-
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2
-
-
-
-
Changes in credit risk without stage transfer 
0.0
0.1
-
0.1
Repayments and disposals
0.0
0.0
-
0.0
Write-off through decrease in allowance account 
-
-
-
-
Other changes
0.0
-
-
0.0
Translation differences
-
-
-
-
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2019 
0.0
-0.1
-
-0.1
EURm
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Opening balance at 1 Jan 2018
-0.1
-0.1
-
-0.2
Origination and acquisition 
0.0
-0.1
-
-0.1
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 2
0.0
0.0
-
0.0
Transfers from stage 1 to stage 3
0.0
-
-
0.0
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 1
0.0
0.0
-
0.0
Transfers from stage 2 to stage 3
-
0.0
-
0.0
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 1
-
-
-
-
Transfers from stage 3 to stage 2
-
-
-
-
Changes in credit risk without stage transfer 
0.1
0.0
-
0.1
Repayments and disposals
0.0
0.0
-
0.0
Write-off through decrease in allowance account 
-
-
-
-
Other changes
-
-
-
-
Translation differences
-
-
-
-
Closing balance at 31 Dec 2018 
0.0
-0.2
-
-0.2
Market risk 
Market risk is defined as the risk of losses related to NMB’s financial exposures resulting from changes in market rates and related 
assumptions that affect the market value. These include changes to interest rates, foreign exchange rates and credit spreads. Market risk in 
NMB is mainly in the form of interest rate risk inherent in loans granted, and in the form of funding from the market and Nordea Bank Abp. 
Group Treasury & Asset Liability Management (TALM) is responsible for managing market risk on NMB’s behalf, within the Group 
Internal Rules and risk strategy and risk limits established by NMB. The responsibility is regulated through outsourcing agreements. The 
business is largely integrated into the Group’s risk management so as to attain the most efficient management of market risk within the 
Group as a whole. TALM and GRC are responsible for identifying, controlling and reporting the progression of risks. 
Market-risk-related risk appetite and risk limits are based on co-operation between the CRO function and GRC. Risk appetite limits are 
approved by NMB’s Board of Directors. 
Structural Interest Income Risk (SIIR) 
SIIR is the amount by which NMB’s accumulated net interest income would change during the next 12 months if all interest rates were to 
change by +/-50 basis points. SIIR reflects the mismatches in the balance sheet and the off-balance sheet items due to differences in the 
interest rate repricing periods, volumes or reference rates of assets, liabilities and derivatives. 
NMB’s SIIR is measured through dynamic simulations by calculating several net interest income scenarios and comparing the difference 
between these scenarios and the base net interest income expectation. Several interest rate scenarios are applied. The Board of Directors has 
set a risk limit for two parallel rate shift SIIR scenarios (increasing rates and decreasing rates). These scenarios measure the effect on the 
company’s net interest income for a 12-month period of a +/-50 basis point change in all interest rates where the balance sheet is assumed to 
be constant. Significant elements of customer behaviour and Nordea’s decision-making process concerning Nordea’s own rates are taken 
into account. 
A SIIR limit has been set aiming to optimise financial structure, balanced risk taking and reliable earnings growth. TALM has the 
responsibility for the operational management of SIIR. At the end of the year, the SIIR for increasing market rates was EUR -15m (-16) and 
the SIIR for decreasing market rates was EUR 40m (44). These figures imply that the net interest income would decrease if interest rates rise 
and increase if interest rates fall. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
43

--- Page 245 ---
Note 2  Risk and liquidity management, cont. 
 
Economic value Stress test (EV stress test) 
EV stress loss was introduced in NMB in June 2019 within RAF 2019 update replacing as IR delta as market risk measurement.    
Economic value (EV) stress tests look at the change in economic value of banking book assets, liabilities and interest-bearing derivative 
exposures resulting from interest rate movements, independently of the accounting classification and ignoring margins. These are measured 
as the changes in the Economic Value of the Equity of the banking book under the 6 standardised scenarios defined by the Basel Committee 
on Banking Supervision (BCBS). The exposure limit under this metric is the greatest of these values.   
Using the same 6 BCBS scenarios as for the EV stress tests, the earnings metric measures the change in net interest income relative to a base 
scenario, creating a Structural Interest Income Risk (SIIR) value over a one-year horizon. The model uses a constant balance sheet 
assumption and realized forward curves with behavioural modelling for the non-maturing deposits and prepayments. 
 
Operational risk 
Operational Risk is defined in Nordea as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from 
external events, and includes legal risk. The risk of loss includes direct or indirect financial loss, which includes but is not limited to impacts 
from regulatory sanctions, legal exposure, reputational damage and critical business process disruption. 
The management of operational risk includes all activities aimed at identifying, assessing, mitigating, monitoring and reporting risks. Risk 
exposures are governed by limits set within the boundaries of the risk appetite. Operational risks are mainly identified during incident 
reporting, during the risk management of proposed changes and as well as during regular risk assessments.  
In the Nordea Group the business areas and units are responsible for the management and limitation of the operational risks in their business 
activity. Likewise, NMB is responsible for the management and limitation of the operational risks that arise in its own business, and for 
monitoring the risk management in relevant business units in Nordea Bank Abp.  
NMB has implemented Nordea Group’s Operational Risks Management framework. NMB’s operational risk is largely attributable to the 
Nordea Bank Abp’s operational risk since most of the business activities are outsourced there. NMB performs its own assessment of the 
most important risks that must be managed and regulates the management thereof in the service agreements with service providing units.  
NMB has in 2LoD CRO function an in-house Operational Risk Officer (ORO), responsible for identifying, monitoring and reporting of 
operational risks. ORO also has a role for supporting 1LoD. ORO reports to NMB CRO. 
Risks are identified in accordance with the Group’s operational risk policy with an emphasis on two primary activities, Risk and Control 
Self-Assessment (RCSA) and Business Impact Analysis (BIA). RCSA is performed annually. In the 2019 RCSA process, business-relevant 
operational and compliance risks were identified and prioritised, and several mitigating actions for managing them were launched. 
BIA is conducted at minimum annually, aiming at identifying the most critical processes for the satisfactory functioning of NMB’s business. 
Because a large part of NMB’s processes are conducted by Nordea Bank Abp, identification processes is done in consultation between 
NMB, Nordea’s service providing units and GRC. Besides these two primary activities, the following are also performed: Change Risk 
Management and Approval (CRMA) and Quality and Risk Analysis (QRA), follow-up of incidents and Third-Party Risk Assessment.  
The outcomes of operational risk management activities are reported to NMB’s Board quarterly or instantly when deemed necessary. 
Intra-group dependence 
NMB’s business is conducted in close integration with Nordea Bank Abp and its service providing units. The most significant operational 
risk is this very dependence. If e.g. Nordea Bank Abp were to cease to conduct these services or otherwise neglect to fulfil its obligations 
towards NMB, this would have a negative effect on NMB’s business. This risk has been addressed through continuous effort to develop 
more rigid control of, and reporting for, the services rendered by Nordea Bank Abp.  
 
Critical processes 
Through Business Impact Analyses, five critical processes have been identified in NMB and these have been addressed through Business 
Continuity Plans (BCP) for each process. These plans include responsibilities and instructions to guide the organisation on how to respond, 
recover, resume and restore to a predefined level of operation following a disruption. Testing of plans has been done annually to secure 
credibility and to discover prioritised development needs. NMB has also been controlling that other units responsible for critical processes 
have up-to-date, high-quality continuity plans in place.  
 
Losses related to operational risks remain very low and in 2019 no incidents occurred that materially affected NMB. 
 
Money laundering 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc is dependent on Nordea Bank Abp in money laundering activities. Monitoring of Nordea Bank Abp’s 
performance in Anti-Money Laundering (AML), Counter Terrorism Financing (CTF) and sanctions screening obligations are key control 
measures for NMB. To secure fit for purpose in-house competencies NMB has been during 2019 running enhanced AML training activities 
per job description for its personnel. During 2019 NMB has also driven enhancements to Financial Crime Risk Management related to 
mortgage loans in NMB’s balance sheet, including reporting of High Risk customers and transaction monitoring of mortgage repayments. 
 
AML/FC -risk level of NMB is assessed by the Company annually.  
 
 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
44

--- Page 246 ---
Note 2  Risk and liquidity management, cont. 
 
Compliance risk  
Compliance risk is defined as the risk of failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations, standards, supervisory requirements and related 
internal rules governing Nordea’s activities in any jurisdiction where Nordea operates. 
 
The key principle for the management of compliance risk is the adherence to three lines of defence. The first line of defence represented by 
the Business Areas, Legal Entities and Group Functions are risk owners, and are responsible for their own daily risk management and 
control of compliance risks. Management on all levels are responsible for operating their business within defined limits for risk exposure 
and in accordance with decided directives, instructions and risk management processes. Group Internal Audit constitutes the third line of 
defence and performs audits and provides assurance to stakeholders on internal controls and risk management processes. 
 
Group Compliance (GC) is a second line of defence risk control function in the Group, coordinating, facilitating and overseeing the 
effectiveness and integrity of the Group’s compliance risk management. Group Compliance provides an independent view on compliance to 
relevant rules and regulations and advises, supports and trains first line on ways to effectively and efficiently handle compliance obligations. 
On a quarterly basis, GC reports on all significant compliance risks to the Management and the Board of Nordea Mortgage Bank (NMB) to 
inform about NMB`s current risk exposure in relation to the predefined risk appetite and tolerance level. The quarterly report covers also GC 
findings about the effectiveness of the risk management and control framework in NMB. Risk reporting from the control functions enables 
efficient and risk-based decision-making procedures and approach for the Board of NMB and the Audit Committee.  
 
Group Compliance has nominated company Compliance Officer (CO) to support and advice the NMB in compliance related issues. CO is 
dedicated to NMB and is supported by the resources of the GC function. The company CO is responsible for the overall compliance action 
planning for NMB and align actions with the consolidated Group Compliance planning. In addition, Nordea is continuing to invest in 
enhanced compliance standards, processes, and to adequately resource compliance. NMB as a subsidiary in the Nordea Group will benefit 
from the work done in the Group. 
 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk of NMB being able to meet liquidity commitments only at increased costs or, ultimately, being unable to meet 
obligations as they fall due. Liquidity risk in NMB is mainly associated with funding the operations through borrowings from the market 
and Nordea Bank Abp. 
According to outsourcing agreements TALM is responsible for managing NMB’s liquidity. TALM performs this according to the Group 
Internal Rules and the risk strategy and risk limits set by NMB. The responsibility is regulated through outsourcing agreements. Liquidity 
risk management is integrated into the Group’s liquidity risk management so as to create efficiency for the Group as a whole. Policy 
statements stipulate that the company’s liquidity management reflects a conservative attitude towards liquidity risk.  
TALM and GRC are responsible for identifying, controlling and reporting the progression of risks. Liquidity-risk-related risk appetite limits 
are approved by the Board of Directors of NMB. To ensure funding in situations where the company is in urgent need of cash and the 
normal funding sources do not suffice, NMB holds a liquidity buffer. NMB’s liquid assets consist of central bank deposits. 
NMB’s cash flows are very predictable due to the nature of the business. The main short-term liquidity risk relates to covered bond 
maturities. Internal survival horizon metric is monitored, which shows the survival horizon in days or months, given the current liquidity 
buffer. The main sources for liquidity are covered bonds issued by the company and funding from the Nordea Group. 
The liquidity coverage ratio is a legal requirement, which in principle is calculated by dividing cash inflow within the liquidity window by 
cash outflow. A liquidity coverage ratio above 100% means the company holds excess liquidity. The liquidity coverage ratio limit is set, 
which ensures the liquidity buffer is increased prior to bond maturity entering the liquidity window.  
The target for the net balance of stable funding (NBSF) is to ensure long-term assets are funded by long-term liabilities. For NMB, long-
term liabilities mainly consist of funding from the Nordea Group, bonds and equity, while long-term assets mainly consist of lending to the 
public. 
 
At the end of 2019 the internal survival horizon for NMB was 406 days (122), liquidity coverage ratio was 158% (151) and the net balance 
of stable funding was EUR -0.3bn (-0.8). 
 
 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
45

--- Page 247 ---
Note 3  Segment reporting 
Measurement of Operating segments' performance 
The measurement principles and allocation between operating segments follow the information reported to the Chief Operating Decision 
Maker (CODM). In NMB the CODM has been defined as Group Leadership Team. 
 
Operating segments 
The financial results of Nordea Mortgage Bank are presented as a single entity. All the operations of Nordea Mortgage Bank relate to the 
issuance of covered bonds. All the material operative decisions of Nordea Mortgage Bank are prepared by the Chief Executive Officer and 
decided by the Board of Directors. Due to the business model of Nordea Mortgage Bank, the nature of its operations and its governance 
structure, the entity as a whole is the relevant operating segment to be reported.  
 
Income statement 
 
          Mortgage Banking 
EURm
2019
2018
Net interest income 
219.7
219.8
Net fee and commission income
-7.6
-9.5
Net result from items at fair value
0.6
-1.8
Other income 
0.1
0.0
Total operating income 
212.8
208.5
Staff costs
-1.9
-1.9
Other expenses
-66.4
-52.2
Depreciation of tangible assets
0.0
-
Total operating expenses 
-68.3
-54.1
Profit before loan losses
144.5
154.4
Net loan losses
10.3
-11.4
Operating profit 
154.8
143.0
Income tax expense 
-35.1
-29.6
Net profit for the year 
119.7 
113.4
Balance sheet 
EURm
31 Dec 2019 
31 Dec 2018 
Loans to the public 
26,719.9
23,106.7
Debt securities in issues 
16,111.7
16,760.5
Total operating income split on product groups 
EURm
2019
2018
Mortgage Banking products
212.8
208.5
Total
212.8
208.5
Geographical information 
Total operating income 
Assets
EURm
2019
2018
31 Dec 2019 
31 Dec 2018 
Finland 
212.8
208.5
30,021.6
26,391.7
Total
212.8
208.5
30,021.6
26,391.7
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
46

--- Page 248 ---
Note 4  Net interest income 
 
EURm
2019
 
2018
 
Interest income
Loans to credit institutions
2.6
2.2
Loans to 
 
the public 
249.8
244.6
 
Other 
 
interest income 
14.6
22.5
 
Interest income
267.0
269.3
 
Interest expense 
 
Deposits 
 
by credit institutions
-5.4
-8.7
 
Debt 
 
securities  
in 
 
issue  
-170.5
-218.9
 
Subordinated liabilities
-2.2
-2.2
1
 
Other 
 
interest expenses
130.8
180.4
 
Interest expense 
-47.3
-49.5
 
Net 
 
interest 
 
income 
219.7
219.8
1  The net interest income from derivatives, measured at fair value, related to Nordea Mortgage Bank's funding. This can have both a positive and negative impact on other 
interest expense, for further information see Note 1.  
 
Interest income from financial instruments not measured at fair value through profit and loss amounted to EUR 267.0m (269.3). Interest 
expenses from financial instruments not measured at fair value through profit and loss amounted to EUR -182.9m (-229.8).  
 
All interest income is calculated using the effective interest rate method amounted. 
 
Interest on impaired loans amounted to an insignificant portion of interest income. 
 
 
 
 
EURm 
2019 
2018 
Brokerage, securities issues and corporate finance 
-0.4 
-0.3 
- of which income 
- 
- 
- of which expense 
-0.4 
-0.3 
Custody and issuer services 
- 
- 
- of which income 
- 
- 
- of which expense 
- 
- 
Lending Products 
9.0 
7.8 
- of which income 
9.0 
7.8 
- of which expense 
- 
- 
Guarantees 
-16.5 
-17.0 
- of which income 
- 
- 
- of which expense 
-16.5 
-17.0 
Other  
0.3 
0.0 
- of which income 
0.3 
0.0 
- of which expense 
0.0 
0.0 
Total 
-7.6 
-9.5 
 
Note 5  Net fee and commission income 
 
 
 
 
Fee income, not included in determining the effective interest rate, from financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair value through 
profit or loss amounted to EUR 9.0m (7.8).  
 
 
 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
47

--- Page 249 ---
EURm
 
2019
 
2018
Interest 
 
 
related instruments 
 
and foreign 
 
exchange gains/losses
0.6
-1.8
Total
0.6
-1.8
 
Net 
 
result 
EURm
from 
 
categories 
 
 
of financial instruments
2019
 
2018
 
Financial 
 
assets 
 
 
and liabilities mandatorily  
at 
 
fair 
 
value 
 
 
through profit 
1 
 
Financial 
 
assets at 
 
amortised cost
 
or loss
143.3
81.7
-18.5
12.1
 
Financial liabilities  
at amortised cost 
-224.4
4.6
Foreign 
 
exchange gains/losses excluding 
 
currency hedges
0.0
0.0
Non-financial assets 
 
and liabilities
0.0
0.0
Total
0.6
-1.8
Note 6  Net result from items at fair value 
 
EURm
2019
2018
Salaries and remuneration
-1.5
-1.6
Pension costs 
 
(specification below)
-0.3
-0.2
 
Social security contributions
0.0
0.0
Allocation to 
 
profit-sharing foundation
0.0
0.0
 
Other 
 
staff costs
-0.1
-0.1
Total
-1.9
-1.9
EURm
2019
2018
 
Pension costs:
 
 
Defined benefit plans 
 
(Note 
 
Defined contribution plans
21)
0.0
-0.3
0.0
-0.2
Total
-0.3
-0.2
 
Note 7  Staff costs 
 
 
Additional disclosures on remuneration under Nordic FSAs' regulation and general guidelines  
The qualitative disclosures under these regulations can be found in the separate section on remuneration in the Board of Director's Report, 
while the quantitative disclosures will be published in a separate report on Nordea's homepage (www.nordea.com) no later than one week  
before the Annual General Meeting of Nordea on 25 March 2020. 
 
Compensation etc. to the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer 
As at 31 December 2019 four members of the Board of Directors of Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc were employed by Nordea Bank Abp and 
three members were external.  Fees paid to external members of the Board amounted to 76,000 euros in 2019 (22,250). Salaries, fees and 
other staff related expenses to the other members of the Board were paid by Nordea Bank Abp. Salaries, fees, pensions and other staff 
related expenses paid to the Chief Executive Officer in 2019 are presented below.  
 
Remuneration to the Chief Executive Officer of Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc  
Executive 
Incentive 
Fixed salary 
Programme 
Benefits 
Total 
EUR 
2019
2019
2019
2019
 
 
 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer 
 
of NMB1: 
 
 
Tarja Ikonen
18,375
-
1,070
19,445
 
Former 
 
 
Chief Executive 
 
Officer 
 
of NMB: 
 
 
Thomas 
 
Miller 
130,514
 -
18,060
 
148,573
1 Gain recognised in the income statement arising from derecognition of financial assets measured at amortised cost amounts to EUR 0.4m (0.6). The reasons for 
derecognition is that the assets have been prepaid by the customer.  
 
 
 
1  Deputy CEO Tarja Ikonen was appointed as interim CEO in November 2019. The reported figures are based on the salary from November and December 2019 
 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
48

--- Page 250 ---
Note 7 Staff costs, cont. 
Remuneration to the Chief Executive Officer of Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc 
Executive Incentive 
Fixed salary 
Programme 
EUR 
2018
2018
Benefits
2018
Total
2018
Chief Executive Officer of NMB:
Thomas Miller 
133,521
23,975
5,820
163,316
There was no pension obligation for the Chief Executive Officer of Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc at the year-end 2019 or 2018. 
Loans granted to the Chief Executive Officer of Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc and members of the Board of Directors of Nordea 
Mortgage Bank Plc 
Loans in the 
Loans in the 
balance sheet of 
Paid interest to 
balance sheet of 
Paid interest to 
Nordea Mortgage 
Nordea Mortgage 
Nordea Mortgage 
Nordea Mortgage 
Bank Plc 
Bank Plc 
Bank Plc
Bank Plc 
EUR 
2019
2019
2018
2018
Chief Executive Officer of NMB: 
Tarja Ikonen
Former Chief Executive Officer of 
NMB: 
Thomas Miller 
141,339 
-
297
-
n/a 
-
n/a 
-
To members of the Board of Directors 
of NMB 
Total
965,556 
1,106,895 
5,642
5,939
1,470,093
1,470,093
6,071
6,071
Loans to key management personnel as defined in Note 1 section 21 amounted to EUR 1,692,197 in 2019 (1,854,412). Interest income on 
these loans amounted to EUR 7,638 in 2019 (7,372).  
 
Loans to other related parties amounted to EUR 817,434 in 2019 (952,263). Interest on these loans amounted to EUR 4,863 in 2019 (4,952). 
 
In Finland the employee interest rate for loans corresponds to Nordea's funding cost with a margin of 30 basis points.  
 
Loans to family members of key management personnel are granted on normal market terms, as well as loans to key management personnel 
who are not employed by Nordea. 
 
Guarantees and other off-balance-sheet commitments 
NMB has not pledged any assets or other collateral or committed to contingent liabilities on behalf of any key management personnel or 
auditors.  
 
The members of the administrative and controlling boards have no holdings of shares, equity warrants or convertible bonds issued by 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc. 
 
Cash-settled share-based payment transactions 
Nordea operates share-linked deferrals on parts of variable compensation for certain employee categories, indexed with Nordea Total 
Shareholder Returns (TSR) and either transferred after three years or transferred in equal instalments over a three to five-year period. Since 
2011 Nordea also operates TSR-linked retention on part of variable compensation for certain employee categories. As the allocation of 
variable compensation is not finally decided during the current year, the deferred amount during the year relates to variable compensation 
earned the previous year. 
 
In addition, Nordea introduced in 2013 the Executive Incentive Programme (“EIP”) which aims to strengthen Nordea’s capability to retain 
and recruit the best talents. The aim is further to stimulate the managers and key employees whose efforts have direct impact on Nordea’s 
result, profitability and long-term value growth. EIP reward performance meeting agreed predetermined targets on Group, business unit and 
individual level. The effect on the long-term result is to be considered when determining the targets. The EIP shall not exceed the fixed 
salary. EIP shall be paid in the form of cash and be subject to TSR-indexation, deferral, forfeiture clauses and retention as per relevant 
remuneration regulations.  Participation in the programme is offered to up to 400 managers and key employees, except GLT who are instead 
offered a GLT EIP (further information about the GLT EIP can be found in the Annual Report of Nordea Bank Abp), within the Nordea 
Group. EIP is offered instead of Nordea’s LTIP and VSP for the invited employees. 80% of the allocated amount will be subject to TSR-
indexation. 
 
Number of employees 
Average number of employees 
31 Dec 2019 
31 Dec 2018 
Full-time employees
20
19
Part-time employees
-
-
Total
20
19
Total number of employees (FTEs), end of period 
18 
17 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
49

--- Page 251 ---
Note 8  Other expenses 
 
EURm 
2019 
2018 
Resolution fees 
-4.2 
-5.7 
Information technology 
0.0 
0.0 
Marketing and representation 
-0.1 
0.0 
Postage, transportation, telephone and office expenses 
0.0 
0.0 
Rents, premises and real estate
0.0
0.0
Other1 
-62.1
-46.5
Total
-66.4
-52.2
1 Relates mainly to services bought from Nordea Group companies. 
Auditor’s fees 
EURm
2019
2018
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy
Auditing assignments
-0.2
-0.2
Audit-related services
-0.0
-0.0
Tax advisory services
-
-
Other assignments
-0.0
-0.0
Total
-0.2
-0.2
Note 9 Net loan losses 
Loans to the 
Off balance 
2019, EURm 
public2 
sheet items3 
Total
Net loan losses, stage 1
-0.6
-0.1
-0.7
Net loan losses, stage 2
7.4
0.1
7.5
Net loan losses, non-defaulted 
6.8
0.0
6.8
Stage 3, defaulted 
Net loan losses, individually assessed, model-based1 
4.3
-
4.3
Realised loan losses
-0.4
-
-0.4
Decrease of provisions to cover realised loan losses
-
-
-
Recoveries on previous realised loan losses
0.0
-
0.0
New/increase in provisions 
-0.4
-
-0.4
Reversals of provisions
-
-
-
Net loan losses, defaulted
3.5
-
3.5
Net loan losses 
10.3 
0.0 
10.3 
1 Includes individually identified assets where the provision has been calculated based on statistical models. 
2 Provisions included in Note 11 "Loans and impairment". 
3 Provisions included in Note 20 "Provisions" 
Net loan 
Net loan 
Recoveries 
losses, 
losses, 
on previous 
Total in 
individually 
collectively 
Reversals of 
realised 
Income 
2019, EURm
assessed
assessed 
provisions
loan losses
Write-offs 
Statement
Loans to the public 
3.9 
6.8 
- 
0.0 
-0.4 
10.3 
Guarantees and other off-balance sheet 
items 
- 
0.0 
- 
- 
- 
0.0 
Net loan losses from loans measured at 
amortised cost 
3.9 
6.8 
0.0 
0.0 
-0.4 
10.3 
 
 
 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
50

--- Page 252 ---
Note 9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net loan losses, cont. 
 
2018, EURm
Loans to 
 
the 
2 
public
 
 
Off balance 
3 
sheet items
Total
Net 
 
loan 
 
losses, 
 
stage 1
0.3
0.0
0.3
Net 
 
loan 
 
losses, 
 
stage 2
-5.5
0.0
-5.5
 
Net 
 
loan 
 
losses, non-defaulted 
-5.2
0.0
-5.2
 
Stage  
3, defaulted 
model based1 
Net 
 
loan 
 
losses, individually 
 
assessed, 
 
 
-6.0
 
-
 
-6.0
 
Realised loan losses
-0.1
-
-0.1
Decrease 
 
of provisions to 
 
cover 
 
realised loan losses
0.0
-
0.0
 
New/increase in 
 
provisions 
-0.1
-
-0.1
Reversals 
 
of provisions
0.0
-
0.0
 
Net 
 
loan 
 
losses, defaulted
-6.2
-
-6.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net loan losses
-11.4
-
-11.4
1 Includes individually identified assets where the provision has been calculated based on statistical models. 
2 Provisions included in Note 11 "Loans and impairment". 
3 Provisions included in Note 20 "Provisions" 
Net loan 
Net loan 
losses, 
losses, 
Total in 
individually 
collectively 
Reversals of 
Income 
2018, EURm, 
assessed 
assessed
provisions
Write-offs 
Statement
Loans to the public 
-6.1
-5.2
0.0
-0.1
-11.4 
Guarantees and other off-balance sheet 
items
-
0.0
-
-
0.0
Net loan losses from loans measured at 
amortised cost
-6.1
-5.2
0.0
-0.1
-11.4
Note 10 Taxes 
Income tax expense 
EURm
2019
2018
Current tax 
-35.2
-29.1
Deferred tax 
0.1
-0.5
Total
-35.1
-29.6
For current and deferred tax recognised in Other comprehensive income, see Statement of comprehensive income. 
The tax on NMB’s operating profit differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the tax rate of Finland as follows: 
EURm
2019
2018
Profit before tax 
154.8
143.0
Tax calculated at a tax rate of 20 % 
-31.0 
-28.6
Non-deductible expenses
-5.1
-
Adjustments relating to prior years
0.9
-1.0
Tax charge
-35.1 
-29.6
Average effective tax rate
23%
21%
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
51

--- Page 253 ---
Note 10 Taxes, cont. 
Deferred 
Deferred 
Deferred tax 
Deferred tax 
tax assets
tax assets
liabilities 
liabilities
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018 
Deferred tax related to:
Loans to the public 
12.8
12.7
3.7
0.8
Retirement benefit assets/obligations
0.1
0.0
-
-
Netting between deferred tax assets and liabilities
-3.7
-0.8
-3.7
-0.8
Total
9.2
11.9
0.0
0.0
There were no unrecognised deferred tax assets in 2019 or 2018. 
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets against current tax 
liabilities, when the deferred tax income relates to the same fiscal authority. 
Note 11 Loans and impairment 
EURm
31 Dec 2019 
31 Dec 2018 
Loans measured at fair value through profit and loss
-
-
Loans measured at amortised cost, not impaired (stage 1 and 2) 
27 156.8
23,860.4
Impaired loans (stage 3)
240.9
193.6
- of which servicing 
29.4
24.9
- of which non-servicing
211.5
168.7
Loans before allowances
27,397.7
24,054.0
-of which credit institutions
666.1
899.5
Allowances for impaired loans (stage 3)
-5.3
-16.2
- of which servicing 
-0.9
-2.3
- of which non-servicing
-4.4
-13.9
Allowances for impaired loans (stage 1 and 2)
-6.4
-31.6
Allowances
-11.7
-47.8
-of which credit institutions
-
-
Loans, carrying amount 
27 386.0
24,006.2
- of which Loans to credit institutions
666.1
899.5
- of which Loans to the public 
26,719.9
23,106.7
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
52

--- Page 254 ---
Note 12 Derivatives and hedge accounting 
Fair value 
Total 
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Positive 
Negative 
nominal amount 
Derivatives held for trading
Interest rate derivatives
Interest rate swaps
6.4
9.3
18,125.0
Options
Total
6.4
9.3
18,125.0
Total derivatives held for trading 
6.4
9.3
18,125.0
Derivatives used for hedge accounting 
Interest rate derivatives
612.8
189.7
32,117.6
Foreign exchange derivatives
29.2
-
116.2
Other derivatives
63.1
-
13,277.9
Total derivatives used for hedge accounting
705.1
189.7
45,511.7
- of which cash flow hedges
42.2
-
656.3 
- of which fair value hedges
662.9
-
44,855.4
Total derivatives 
711.5
199.0
63,636.7
Periods when hedged cash-flows are expected to occur and when they are expected to affect the income statement 
31 Dec 2019, EURm
<3 months
3-12 months
1-5 years
Over 5 years 
Cash inflows (assets)
-
-
-
-
Cash outflows (liabilities) 
1,828.8
2,648.9
22,531.8
18,502.2
Net cash outflows
1,828.8
2,648.9
22,531.8
18,502.2
Fair value 
Total 
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Positive 
Negative 
nominal amount 
Derivatives held for trading
Interest rate derivatives
Interest rate swaps
-
1.1
11,680.0
Options
17.3
17.3
9,666.6
Total
17.3
18.4
21,346.6
Total derivatives held for trading 
17.3
18.4
21,346.6
Derivatives used for hedge accounting 
Interest rate derivatives
465.6
107.2
27,899.6
Foreign exchange derivatives
27.0
-
116.2
Total derivatives used for hedge accounting 
492,6 
107,2 
28 015,8 
- of which cash flow hedges
22.6
-
676.2
- of which fair value hedges
470.0
107.2
27,339.6
Total derivatives 
509.9
125.6
49,362.4
Periods when hedged cash-flows are expected to occur and when they are expected to affect the income statement 
31 Dec 2018, EURm
<3 months
3-12 months
1-5 years
Over 5 years 
Cash inflows (assets)
-
-
-
-
Cash outflows (liabilities) 
1,749.0
3,029.3
14,689.4
8,548.2
Net cash outflows
1,749.0
3,029.3
14,689.4
8,548.2
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
53

--- Page 255 ---
Note 14 Other assets 
 
EURm
 
 
31 Dec 2019
 
 
31 Dec 2018 
 
Other 
2.6
37.8
Total
2.6
37.8
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note 13 Property and equipment 
NMB has only an insignificant amount of leased company cars. At year-end 2019 the book value was 4 thousand euros. During the year 
2019 depreciations relating to the leased assets amounted to 17 thousand euros. 
Note 15 Prepaid expenses and accrued income 
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018 
Accrued interest income 
13.8
13.2
Other accrued income1 
29.6
18.8
Total
43.4
32.0
1Unsettled debt between Nordea Bank Abp and Nordea Mortgage Bank. Consists of customer’s interest payments and amortisations. 
Note 16 Deposits by credit institutions 
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018 
Banks
11,560.4
7,667.6
Total
11,560.4
7,667.6
Note 17 Debt securities in issue 
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018 
Covered bonds
16,111.7
16,760.5
Total
16,111.7
16,760.5
Note 18 Other liabilities 
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018 
Accounts payable
-0.8
0.0
Dividends payable 
89.8
-
Other 
3.1
4.4
Total 
92.1 
4.4 
Note 19 Accrued expenses and prepaid income 
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018 
Accrued interest 
4.8
-
Other accrued expenses
97.2
70.4
Prepaid income
66.8
63.8
Total
168.8
134.2
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
54

--- Page 256 ---
Loan loss provisions for individually assessed guarantees and other commitments amounts to EUR 0.1m (0.2). For further information, see 
Note 2. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
Note 20 Provisions 
EURm
31 Dec 2019 
31 Dec 2018 
Guarantees/commitments
0.1
0.2
Total
0.1
0.2
Note 21  Retirement benefit obligations 
 
EURm 
31 Dec 2019 
31 Dec 2018 
Defined benefit plans. Net 
0.2 
0.1 
Total 
0.2 
0.1 
 
NMB has both defined benefit plans and defined contribution plans. Defined benefit plans are arranged in Nordea Pension Foundation. IAS 
19 ensures that the pension obligations net of plan assets backing these obligations are reflected on the company's balance sheet. The defined 
benefit plans are closed to new employees and instead. pensions for new employees are based on defined contribution (DCP) arrangements. 
Defined contribution plans are not reflected on the balance sheet except when earned pension rights have not yet been paid for. 
 
The plans are structured in accordance with local regulations. legislations and local practice and where applicable collective agreements. 
Plan assets are generally held in a separate pension fund or foundation. Minimum funding requirement differ between plans but generally 
the pension obligation measured using local requirements shall be covered in full or with a predetermined surplus.  
 
Characteristics of the Nordea Pension Foundation 
Nordea Pension Foundation plan is a final salary and service-based pension plan providing pension benefits on top of the statutory systems. 
The employer has promised a certain level of benefit after retirement to a certain group of employees within the plan. Plan’s operation is 
managed by the Board of Members. The board consists of both employers’ and employee’s representatives. The Board of Members has 
named a managing director to take care of regular operations in the foundation. 
 
The plan exposes the employer to certain risks. If the return of foundation’s assets is not enough to cover the increment of liability and 
benefit payments over the financial year then the employer funds the deficit with contributions. The present value of the defined benefit 
liability is calculated using a discount rate determined by reference to high quality bond yields. A decrease in the corporate bond yields 
increases the liabilities along with increment of plan’s benefit obligation calculated according to IAS 19. However, part of increment of 
obligation is offset by asset increment along with the increment of plan’s bond holdings. Asset volatility may also impact NMB although 
basically the distribution of assets to different asset classes is strictly dictated by authorities so significant concentration risk cannot be 
borne. The plan’s benefits in payment are tied to TyEL-index which depends on inflation (80 %) and common salary index (20 %). Higher 
inflation increases the TyEL-index which leads to an increase in liabilities. Higher inflation causes extra challenges to investment activities 
from which the employer in the last resort is responsible.  The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to 
the best estimate of the mortality of plan participants both during and after their employment. An increase in life expectancy of the plan 
participants will increase the plan’s liability. 
 
IAS 19 pension calculations and assumptions 
Calculations on defined benefit plans are performed by external liability calculators and are based on the actuarial assumptions. 
Assumptions1 
Finland
2019
2
Discount rate
0.60%
Salary increase
1.75%
Inflation
1.25%
Mortality
Gompertz 
Increase in income base amount 
1.70%
2018 
2
Discount rate
1.58%
Salary increase
1.75%
Inflation
1.25%
Mortality
Gompertz 
Increase in income base amount 
1.70%
1 The assumptions disclosed for 2019 had an impact on the liability calculation by year-end 2019, while the assumptions disclosed for 2018 were used for calculating the 
pension expense in 2019. 
2 More information on the discount rate can be found in Note 1. section 17. The sensitivities to changes in discount rate are provided in the table below. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
55

--- Page 257 ---
Note 21 Retirement benefit obligations, cont. 
Sensitivities - Impact on Defined Benefit Obligation (DBO) %
2019
2018
Discount rate - Increase 50bps
-11.0%
-10.6 %
Discount rate - Decrease 50bps
12.9%
12.3 %
Salary increase - Increase 50bps 
3.8%
4.0 %
Salary increase - Decrease 50bps
-3.7%
-3.9 %
Inflation - Increase 50bps
11.2%
10.9 %
Inflation - Decrease 50bps
-9.8%
-9.7 %
Mortality - Increase 1 year 
3.7%
3.2 %
Mortality - Decrease 1 year 
-3.7%
-3.1 %
The sensitivity analyses are prepared by changing one actuarial assumption while keeping the other assumptions unchanged. This is a 
simplified approach because the actuarial assumptions are usually correlated. However, it enables isolating one effect from another. The 
method used for calculating the impact on the obligation is the same as when calculating the obligation accounted for in the financial 
statements. 
Net retirement benefit liabilities/assets 
EURm
31 Dec 2019 
31 Dec 2018 
Obligations
0.6
0.5
Plan assets
0.4
0.4
Net liability(-)/asset (+) 
-0.2
-0.1
- of which retirement benefit liabilities 
-0.2
-0.1
- of which retirement benefit assets
-
-
Movements in the obligation 
EURm
2019
2018
Opening balance 
0.5 
0.2 
Current service cost 
0.0 
0.0 
Interest expense 
0.0 
0.0 
Remeasurement from changes in financial assumptions 
0.1 
0.0 
Remeasurement from changes experience adjustments 
0.0 
0.3 
Closing balance 
0.6 
0.5 
 
The average duration of the obligation is 24 years (22). The duration is based on discounted cash flows. The fact of the defined benefit plans 
being closed for new entrants gives a lower duration. 
 
 
Movements in the fair value of plan assets 
EURm 
2019 
2018 
Opening balance 
0.4 
0.2 
Interest income (calculated using the discount rate) 
0.0 
0.0 
Refund from the Pension Foundation 
0.0 
- 
Remeasurement (actual return less interest income) 
0.0 
0.2 
Closing balance 
0.4 
0.4 
 
 
 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
56

--- Page 258 ---
Note 21 Retirement benefit obligations, cont. 
Asset composition 
The combined return on assets in 2019 was 3%. At the end of the year, the equity exposure in pension foundation represented 26% (27) of 
total assets. 
Asset composition in funded schemes
31 Dec 2019 
31 Dec 2018 
Bonds
58%
54 %
- sovereign 
29%
29 %
- covered bonds
9%
5 %
- corporate bonds
20%
20 %
- of which issued by Nordea entities 
-
­
- with quoted market price in an active market 
58% 
54 % 
Equity
26%
27 %
- domestic 
8%
7 %
- European
6%
6 %
- US 
6%
8 %
- emerging
6%
6 %
- of which Nordea shares 
-
­
- with quoted market price in an active market 
26% 
27 % 
Real Estate1 
15%
15 %
- occupied by Nordea 
5%
5 %
Cash and cash equivalents
1%
3 %
1 The geographical location of the real estate follows the geographical location of the relevant pension plan. 
The company is not expected to pay contribution to its defined benefit plans in 2020. 
Defined benefit pension cost 
Only a minor pension cost related to defined benefit plans has been recognised in the income statement (as staff costs) in 2019. Total 
pension costs comprise defined benefit pension costs as well as costs related to defined contribution plans (see specification in Note 7). 
Recognised in other comprehensive income, EURm
2019
2018
Remeasurement from changes in financial assumptions
0.1
0.0
Remeasurement from experience adjustments 
0.0
0.3
Remeasurement of plan assets (actual return less interest income)
0.0
-0.2
Pension cost on defined benefit plans (expense+. income-)
0.1
0.1
Net retirement benefit asset//liability, EURm
2019
2018
Opening balance
0.1
0.0
Pension cost in the income statement 
0.0
0.0
Remeasurements in other comprehensive income 
0.1
0.1
Refund from the Pension Foundation
0.0
­
Closing balance
0.2
Key management personnel 
As at 31 December 2019 four members of the Board of Directors of Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc were employed by Nordea Bank Abp and 
three members were external. 
Information on salaries, loans and pension liabilities regarding the members of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer is presented in 
Note 7. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
0.1
57

--- Page 259 ---
Note 22 Subordinated liabilities 
EURm
31 Dec 2019 
31 Dec 2018 
Dated subordinated debenture loans
200.5
200.6
Total
200.5
200.6
These debenture loans are subordinated to other liabilities. Dated debenture loans entitle the lender to payment before undated subordinated 
loans and hybrid capital loans. Within each respective category. the loans entitle lenders to equal payment rights. 
Year of issue 
Nominal value. 
Carrying amount. 
Interest rate 
Issued by
/ maturity 
EURm
EURm 
(coupon) 
Floating 3-month 
EURIBOR 
Nordea Bank Abp1 
2016/2026
200.0
200.5
+1.42% 
1 Call date 1 October 2021 
Note 23 Assets pledged as security for own liabilities 
EURm
31 Dec 2019 
31 Dec 2018
Assets pledged for own liabilities 
Loans to the public 
Total
21,943.2
21,943.2
19,759.8
19,759.8
The above pledges pertain to the following liabilities 
Debt securities in issue 
Total
16,111.7
16,111.7
16,760.5
16,760.5
Loans to the public amounting to EUR 21,943.2m (19,759.8) have been registered as collateral for issued Finnish covered bonds amounting 
to EUR 16,111.7m (16,760.5) In the event of the company's insolvency, the holders of these bonds have priority to the assets registered as 
collateral. Collaterals are valuated up to the first 70% of the market value of the property. 
Note 24 Commitments 
EURm
31 Dec 2019 
31 Dec 2018 
Loan commitments
334.4
Total
334.4
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
196.8
196.8
58

--- Page 260 ---
Note 25 Classification of financial instruments 
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Amortised 
cost 
Fair value through profit or loss
Derivatives 
used for 
Mandatorily 
hedging 
Non-financial 
assets 
Total 
Assets 
Cash and balances with central banks 
1,694.4
-
-
-
1,694.4
Loans to credit institutions
666.1
-
-
-
666.1
Loans to the public 
26,719.9
-
-
-
26,719.9
Derivatives
-
6.4
705.1
711.5
Fair value changes of the hedged items in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk 
Property and equipment 
Deferred tax assets
174.5
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
0.0
9.2
174.5
0.0
9.2
Current tax assets
-
-
-
-
-
Other assets
-
-
-
2.6
2.6
Prepaid expenses and accrued income 
13.8
-
-
29.6
43.4
Total
29,268.7
6.4
705.1
41.4
30,021.6
Fair value through profit or loss
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Amortised cost 
Mandatorily
Derivatives used 
for hedging 
Non-financial 
liabilities 
Total 
Liabilities
Deposits by credit institutions
Debt securities in issue 
11,560.4
16,111.7
-
-
-
-
-
-
11,560.4
16,111.7
Derivatives
-
9.3
189.7
-
199.0
Fair value changes of the hedged items in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
Current tax liabilities
544.8
-
-
-
-
-
-
9.4
544.8
9.4
Other liabilities
-0.8
-
-
92.9
92.1
Accrued expenses and prepaid income 
Provisions
71.6
-
-
-
-
-
97.2
0.1
168.8
0.1
Retirement benefit liabilities
-
-
-
0.2
0.2
Subordinated liabilities
200.5
-
-
-
200.5
Total 
28,488.2 
9.3 
189.7 
199.8 
28,887.0 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
59

--- Page 261 ---
Note 25 Classification of financial instruments, cont. 
Fair value through profit or loss
Derivatives 
Non-
Amortised 
used for 
financial 
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Cost 
Mandatorily
hedging 
assets 
Total 
Assets 
-
-
-
Cash and balances with central banks 
1,696.4
1,696.4
-
-
-
Loans to credit institutions
899.5
899.5
-
-
-
Loans to the public 
23,106.7
23,106.7
Derivatives
-
17.3
492.6
-
509.9
Fair value changes of the hedged items in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
93.2
-
-
-
93.2
-
Deferred tax assets
-
-
11.9
11.9
-
Current tax assets
-
-
4.3
4.3
-
Other assets
-
-
37.8
37.8
Prepaid expenses and accrued income 
13.2
-
-
18.8
32.0
Total
25,809.0
17.3
492.6
72.8
26,391.7
Fair value through profit or loss
Derivatives 
Amortised 
used for 
Non-financial 
31 Dec 2018, EURm
cost 
Mandatorily 
hedging 
liabilities
Total
Liabilities
Deposits by credit institutions
7,667.6
-
-
-
7,667.6
Debt securities in issue 
16,760.5
-
-
-
16,760.5
Derivatives
-
18.4
107.2
125.6
Fair value changes of the hedged items in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
320.7
-
-
-
320.7
Other liabilities
0.0
-
-
4.4
4.4
Accrued expenses and prepaid income 
63.8
-
-
70.4
134.2
Provisions
-
-
-
0.2
0.2
Retirement benefit liabilities
-
-
-
0.1
0.1
Subordinated liabilities
200.6
-
-
-
200.6
Total
25,013.1
18.4
107.2
75.0
25,213.9
Note 26 Assets and liabilities at fair value 
Fair value of financial assets and liabilities 
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018
EURm
Carrying amount 
Fair value
Carrying amount 
Fair value
Financial assets
Cash and balances with central banks
1,694.4
1,694.4
1,696.4
1,696.4
Loans
27,560.5
28,499.2
24,099.4
24,635.8
Derivatives
711.5
711.5
509.9
509.9
Prepaid expenses and accrued income 
13.8
13.8
13.2
13.2
Total financial assets 
29,980.2 
30,918.9 
26,318.9 
26,855.3 
Financial liabilities
Deposits and debt instruments
28,417.4
28,541.9
24,949.4
25,087.4
Derivatives
199.0
199.0
125.6
125.6
Other liabilities
-0.8
-0.8
0.0
0.0
Accrued expenses and prepaid income 
71.6
71.6
63.8
63.8
Total financial liabilities
28,687.2
28,811.7
25,138.8
25,276.8
For information about the valuation of items measured at fair value on the balance sheet, see Note 1 and the section "Determination of fair 
values for items measured at fair value on the balance sheet" in this note. For information about valuation of items not measured at fair value 
on the balance sheet, see the section "Financial assets and liabilities not held at fair value on the balance sheet" in this note. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
60

--- Page 262 ---
Note 26 Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont. 
Assets and liabilities held at fair value on the balance sheet 
Categorisation into the fair value hierarchy 
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Assets at fair value on the balance sheet1 
Quoted prices in 
active markets for 
same instrument 
(Level 1)
Valuation 
technique using 
observable data 
(Level 2) 
Valuation 
technique using 
non-observable 
data 
(Level 3) 
Total 
Derivatives
-
711.5
-
711.5
Total
-
711.5
-
711.5
Liabilities at fair value on the balance sheet1 
-
-
Derivatives
-
199.0
-
199.0
-
Total
1 All items are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at the end of each reporting period. 
199.0
-
199.0
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Assets at fair value on the balance sheet1 
Quoted prices in 
active markets 
for same 
instrument 
(Level 1)
Valuation 
technique using 
observable data 
(Level 2) 
Valuation 
technique using 
non-observable 
data 
(Level 3)
Total 
Derivatives
-
509.9
-
509.9
Total
-
509.9
-
509.9
Liabilities at fair value on the balance sheet1 
Derivatives
-
125.6
-
125.6
Total
-
125.6
-
125.6
1 All items are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at the end of each reporting period. 
Determination of fair values for items measured at fair value on the balance sheet 
Fair value measurements of assets and liabilities carried at fair value have been categorised under the three levels of the IFRS fair value 
hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities 
(Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The categorisation of these instruments is based on the lowest level input 
that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. 
Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy consists of assets and liabilities valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical 
assets or liabilities. An active market for the asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient 
frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an on-going basis. NMB does not have any Level 1 instruments. 
Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy consists of assets and liabilities that do not have directly quoted market prices available from active 
markets. The fair values are based on quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar 
assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. Alternatively, the fair values are estimated using valuation techniques or valuation models 
based on market prices or rates prevailing at the balance sheet date and where any unobservable inputs have had an insignificant impact on 
the fair values. This is the case for the majority of Nordea’s OTC derivatives and other instruments where active markets supply the input to 
the valuation techniques or models. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
61

--- Page 263 ---
Note 26 Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont. 
Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy consists of those types of assets and liabilities for which fair values cannot be obtained directly from 
quoted market prices or indirectly using valuation techniques or models supported by observable market prices or rates. NMB does not have 
any Level 3 instruments. 
All valuation models, both complex and simple models, make use of market prices and inputs. These markets prices and inputs comprise 
interest rates, volatilities, correlations etc. Some of these prices and inputs are observable while others are not. For most non-exotic 
currencies the interest rates are all observable, and the implied volatilities and the correlations of the interest rates and FX rates may be 
observable through option prices up to a certain maturity. Implied volatilities and correlations are may also be observable for the most liquid 
equity instruments in the short end. For less liquid equity instruments the option market is fairly illiquid, and hence the volatilities and 
correlations are unobservable. For each instrument the sensitivity towards unobservable parameters is measured. If the impact from 
unobservable parameters on the valuation is significant the instrument is categorised as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
Fair value of financial assets and liabilities are generally calculated as the theoretical net present value of the individual instruments. This 
calculation is supplemented by a portfolio adjustment. 
Nordea incorporates credit valuation adjustments (CVA) and debit valuation adjustments (DVA) into derivative valuations. CVA and DVA 
reflect the impact on fair value of the counterparty's credit risk and Nordea’s own credit quality. respectively. Calculations are based on 
estimates of exposure at default. probability of default and recovery rates. on a counterparty basis. 
Generally, exposure at default for CVA and DVA is based on expected exposure and estimated through the simulation of underlying risk 
factors. Where possible, probabilities of defaults (PDs) and recovery rates are sourced from the CDS markets. For counterparties that do not 
have a liquid CDS, PDs are estimated using a cross sectional regression model, which calculates an appropriate proxy CDS spread given 
each counterparty's rating region and industry. 
The impact of funding costs and funding benefits on valuation of uncollateralised and imperfectly collateralised derivatives is recognised as 
a funding fair valuation adjustment (FFVA). In addition, Nordea applies in its fair value measurement close-out-cost valuation adjustments 
and model risk adjustments for identified model deficiencies. 
Financial assets and liabilities not held at fair value on the balance sheet 
Level in fair 
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Carrying amount 
Fair value 
value hierarchy 
Assets not held at fair value on the balance sheet 
Cash and balances with central banks
1,694.4
1,694.4
3
Loans
27,560.5
28,499.2
3
Prepaid expenses and accrued income 
13.8
13.8
3
Total
29,268.7
30,207.4
Liabilities not held at fair value on the balance sheet 
Deposits and debt instruments
28,417.4
28,541.9
3
Other liabilities
-0.8 
-0.8 
3
Accrued expenses and prepaid income 
71.6
71.6
3
Total 
28,488.2 
28,612.7 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
62

--- Page 264 ---
Note 26 Assets and liabilities at fair value, cont. 
Level in fair 
31 Dec 2018, EURm 
Carrying amount 
Fair value
value hierarchy 
Assets not held at fair value on the balance sheet 
Cash and balances with central banks 
1,696.4
1,696.4
3
Loans 
24,099.4
24,635.8
3
Prepaid expenses and accrued income 
13.2
13.2
3
Total
25,809.0
26,345.4
Liabilities not held at fair value on the balance sheet 
Deposits and debt instruments
24,949.4
25,087.4
3
Other liabilities
0.0
0.0
3
Accrued expenses and prepaid income 
63.8
63.8
3
Total 
25,013.2 
25,151.2 
Cash and balances with central banks 
The fair value of" Cash and balances with central banks", is due to its short-term nature, assumed to equal the carrying amount and is thus is 
categorised into Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
Loans 
The fair value of "Loans to credit institutions" and "Loans to the public" have been estimated by discounting the expected future cash flows 
with an assumed customer interest rate that would have been used on the market if the loans had been issued at the time of the measurement. 
The assumed customer interest rate is calculated as the benchmark interest rate plus the average margin on new lending. 
The fair value measurement is categorised into Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
Prepaid expenses and accrued income 
The balance sheet items "Prepaid expenses and accrued income" consist of short receivables, mainly accrued interest receivables. The fair 
value is therefore considered to equal the carrying amount and is categorised into Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
Deposits and debt instruments 
The fair value of “Deposits by credit institutions”, “Debt securities in issue” and “Subordinated liabilities” has been calculated as the 
carrying amount adjusted for fair value changes in interest rate risk and in own credit risk. The fair value is categorised into Level 3 in the 
fair value hierarchy. The fair value changes related to interest rate risk is based on changes in relevant interest rates compared with the 
corresponding nominal interest rate in the portfolios. The fair value changes in the credit risk is calculated as a difference between the credit 
spread in the nominal interest rate compared with the current spread that is observed in the market. This calculation is performed on an 
aggregated level for all long-term issuances recognised in the balance sheet items “Debt securities in issue” and “Subordinated liabilities”. 
As the contractual maturity is short for “Deposits by credit institutions” and “Deposits and borrowing from the public” the changes in 
Nordea´s own credit risk related to these items is assumed not to be significant. This is also the case for short term issuances recognised in 
the balance sheet items “Debt securities in issue” and “Subordinated liabilities”. 
Accrued expenses and prepaid income 
The balance sheet item "Accrued expenses and prepaid income" consists of short-term liabilities, mainly liabilities on securities settlement. 
The fair value is therefore considered to be equal to the carrying amount and is categorised into level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
63

--- Page 265 ---
Note 27 Financial instruments set off on balance or subject to netting agreements 
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Gross 
recognised 
financial 
1
assets
Gross 
recognised 
financial 
liabilities 
set off on 
the balance 
sheet 
Net 
carrying 
amount on 
the balance 
sheet 
Amounts not set off but subject to master 
netting agreements and similar agreements
Financial 
Cash 
Financial 
collateral 
collateral 
instruments
received
received 
Net amount 
Assets 
Derivatives
711.5
-
711.5
-96.7
-
-
614.7
Total
711.5
-
711.5
-96.7
-
-
614.7
31 Dec 2019, EURm
Gross 
recognised 
financial 
liabilities1 
Gross 
recognised 
financial 
assets set 
off on the 
balance 
sheet 
Net 
carrying 
amount on 
the balance 
sheet 
Amounts not set off but subject to master 
netting agreements and similar agreements
Financial 
Cash 
Financial 
collateral 
collateral 
instruments
pledged
pledged 
Net amount 
Liabilities
Derivatives
199.0
-
199.0
-96.7
-
-
102.3
Total
1 All amounts are measured at fair value. 
199.0
-
199.0
-96.7
-
-
102.3
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Gross 
recognised 
financial 
1
assets
Gross 
recognised 
financial 
liabilities set 
off on the 
balance 
sheet 
Net carrying 
amount on 
the balance 
sheet 
Amounts not set off but subject to master 
netting agreements and similar agreements
Financial 
Cash 
Financial 
collateral 
collateral 
instruments 
received 
received
Net amount 
Assets 
Derivatives
509.9
-
509.9
-27.6
-
-
482.2
Total 
509.9 
-
509.9 
-27.6 
-
-
482.2 
Amounts not set off but subject to master 
netting agreements and similar agreements
31 Dec 2018, EURm
Gross 
recognised 
financial 
liabilities1 
Gross 
recognised 
financial 
assets set 
off on the 
balance 
sheet 
Net 
carrying 
amount on 
the balance 
sheet 
Financial 
instruments
Financial 
collateral 
pledged 
Cash 
collateral 
pledged 
Net amount 
Liabilities
Derivatives
125.6
-
125.6
-27.6
-
-
97.9
Total
125.6
-
125.6
-27.6
-
-
97.9
1 All amounts are measured at fair value. 
Enforceable master netting arrangements and similar agreements 
The fact that financial instruments are being accounted for on a gross basis on the balance sheet, would not imply that the financial 
instruments are not subject to master netting agreements or similar arrangements. Generally financial instruments (derivatives, repos and 
securities lending transactions), would be subject to master netting agreements, and as a consequence Nordea would be allowed to benefit 
from netting both in the ordinary course of business and in the case of default towards its counter parties, in any calculations involving 
counterparty credit risk. The reason why the netted exposures are not reflected under assets and liabilities on the balance sheet, would in 
most instances depend on the limited application of net settlement of financial transactions. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
64

--- Page 266 ---
Note 28 Maturity analysis for assets and liabilities 
Expected maturity 
31 Dec 2019 
31 Dec 2018 
Expected to be recovered 
Expected to be recovered 
or settled:
or settled: 
Within 12 
After 12 
Within 12 
After 12 
EURm
Note 
months
months
Total
months
months
Total 
Cash and balances with central banks 
1,694.4
-
1,694.4
1,696.4
-
1,696.4
Loans to credit institutions
11
106.1
560.0
666.1
899.5
-
899.5
Loans to the public 
11
403.5
26,316.4
26,719.9
235.0
22,871.7
23,106.7
Derivatives 
12
28.0
683.5
711.5
49.4
460.5
509.9
Fair value changes of the hedged items 
in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
0.9
173.6
174.5
0.2
93.0
93.2
Property and equipment 
13
-
0.0
0.0
-
-
0.0
Deferred tax assets
10
-
9.2
9.2
11.9
-
11.9
-
Current tax assets
-
-
4.3
-
4.3
-
Other assets
14
2.6
2.6
37.8
-
37.8
-
Prepaid expenses and accrued income 
15
43.4
43.4
32.0
-
32.0
Total assets 
2 278,9
27 742,7
30,021.6
2,966.5
23,425.2
26,391.7
Deposits by credit institutions
16
-
11,560.4
11,560.4
-
7,667.6
7,667.6
Debt securities in issue 
17
2,429.9
13,681.8
16,111.7
3,152.0
13,608.5
16,760.5
Derivatives 
12
12.3
186.7
199.0
21.3
104.3
125.6
Fair value changes of the hedged items 
in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk
47.3
497.5
544.8
15.2
305.5
320.7
Current tax liabilities
9.4
-
9.4
-
-
-
Other liabilities
18
92.1
-
92.1
4.4
-
4.4
Accrued expenses and prepaid income 
19
168.7
0.1
168.8
134.2
-
134.2
Provisions
20
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.2
0.2
Retirement benefit liabilities
21
-
0.2
0.2
0.1
-
0.1
Subordinated liabilities
22
-
200.5
200.5
-
200.6
200.6
Total liabilities 
2,759.7
26,127.3
28,887.0
3,327.2
21,886.7
25,213.9
Contractual undiscounted cash flows 
On
0-3
3-12 
1-5
>5
31 Dec 2019, EURm 
Demand
months
Months
years
Years
Total
Interest bearing financial assets 
1,800.5
597.0
1,895.7
8,773.9
19,128.6
32,195.7
Non-interest-bearing assets
-
-
-
-
188.3
188.3
Non-financial assets
-
-
-
-
41.5
41.5 
Total assets 
1,800.5
597.0
1,895.7
8,773.9
19,358.4
32,425.5
Interest bearing financial liabilities 
-
1,384.6
1,178.2
19,159.9
6,837.0
28,559.7 
Non-interest-bearing liabilities
-
-
4.0
-
611.5
615.5 
Non-financial liabilities and equity 
97.0
93.1
9.8
-
1,134.6
1,334.5 
Total liabilities and equity
97.0
1,477.7 
1,192.0 
19,159.9 
8,583.1 
30,509.7 
Derivatives. cash inflow 
-
78.7
-6.6
480.4
177.0
729.5 
Derivatives. cash outflow 
-
-8.0
-33.7
253.8
97.8
309.9 
Net exposure 
-
86.7 
27.1 
226.6 
79.2 
419.6 
Exposure
1,703.5 
-794.0 
730.8 
-10,159.4 
10,854.5 
2,335.4 
Cumulative exposure
1,703.5 
909.5 
1,640.3 
-8,519.1 
2,335.4 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
65

--- Page 267 ---
Note 28 Maturity analysis for assets and liabilities, cont. 
Contractual undiscounted cash flows 
On
0-3
3-12 
1-5
>5
31 Dec 2018, EURm 
Demand
months
Months
years
Years
Total
Interest bearing financial assets 
2,035.9
516.7
1,645.1
8,141.8
17,366.6
29,706.1 
Non-interest-bearing assets
-
-
-
-
106.4
106.4
Non-financial assets
-
-
-
-
72.8
72.8
Total assets 
2,035.9
516.7
1,645.1
8,141.8
17,545.9
29,885.3
Interest bearing financial liabilities 
-
1,633.2
1,696.8
16,633.9
5,546.8
25,510.7 
Non-interest bearing liabilities
-
-
-
-
384.5
384.5 
Non-financial liabilities and equity 
-
-
-
-
1,253.0
1,253.0 
Total liabilities and equity
-
1,633.2 
1,696.8 
16,633.9 
7,184.3 
27,148.2 
Derivatives. cash inflow 
-
98.3
56.8
543.8
224.3
923.3 
Derivatives. cash outflow 
-
3.3
-1.7
320.1
245.8
567.5 
Net exposure 
-
95.0 
58.5 
223.7 
-21.5 
355.8 
Exposure
2,035.9 
-1,021.5 
6.8 
-8,268.4 
10,340.2 
3,093.0 
Cumulative exposure
2,035.9 
1,014.4 
1,021.2 
-7,247.2 
3,093.0 
The table is based on contractual maturities for the balance sheet items. For derivatives, the expected cash inflows and outflows are 
disclosed for both derivative assets and derivative liabilities, as derivatives are managed on a net basis. In addition to the instruments on the 
balance sheet items. NMB has credit commitments amounting to EUR 334.4m (196.7). which could be drawn on at any time. 
Note 29 Related-party transactions 
Group undertakings 
Group undertakings
EURm
31 Dec 2019
31 Dec 2018 
Assets 
Loans 
663.3
899.5
Derivatives 
712.1
511.3
Prepaid expenses and accrued income 
29.9
19.1
Total assets 
1,405.3
1,430.0
Liabilities 
Deposits
11,560.4
7 667.6
Debt securities in issue 
0.1
20.7
Derivatives 
200.2
109.9
Subordinated liabilities
200.5
200.6
Other liabilities
2.4
-28.3
Accrued expenses and deferred income 
167.8
132.4
Total liabilities 
12,131.4
8,102.9
Off balance1 
334.4
196.8
1 Excluding nominal values on derivatives. 
Income statement 
EURm
2019
2018
Net interest income
138.4
184.4
Net fee and commission income
-16.5
-17.0
Net result from items at fair value
139.5
-5.6
Total operating expenses
-67.2
-44.3
Profit before loan losses
194.2
117.5
Compensations and loans to Key management personnel are specified in Note 7. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
66

--- Page 268 ---
Auditor’s Report (Translation from the Finnish Original) 
To the Annual General Meeting of Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc 
Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements 
Opinion 
In our opinion the financial statements, which are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU, give a true and fair view of the company’s financial position, financial 
performance and cash flows and comply with statutory requirements. 
Our opinion is consistent with the additional report to the Audit Committee. 
What we have audited 
We have audited the financial statements of Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc (business identity code 2743219-6) for the year 
ended 31 December 2019. The financial statements comprise the balance sheet, income statement, statement of 
comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity, statement of cash flows and notes, including a summary of 
significant accounting policies. 
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with good auditing practice in Finland. Our responsibilities under good auditing 
practice are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our 
report. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
Independence 
We are independent of the company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are applicable in Finland and are 
relevant to our audit, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. 
To the best of our knowledge and belief, the non-audit services that we have provided to the company are in accordance 
with the applicable law and regulations in Finland and we have not provided non-audit services that are prohibited 
under Article 5(1) of Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. The non-audit services that we have provided are disclosed in note 
8. Other expenses/Auditor’s fees to the Financial Statements. 
Our Audit Approach 
Overview 
 
Overall materiality: € 70 million, which represents 0.24 % of total assets 
 
Key audit matters: 
- Impairment of loans to customers 
- Valuation of certain Level II financial instruments held at fair value 
- IT systems supporting processes over financial reporting 
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the 
financial statements. In particular, we considered where management made subjective judgements; for example, in 
respect of significant accounting estimates that involved making assumptions and considering future events that are 
inherently uncertain. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
68

--- Page 269 ---
Materiality 
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. An audit is designed to obtain reasonable 
assurance whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or 
error. They are considered material if individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the 
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements. 
Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain quantitative thresholds for materiality, including the 
overall materiality for the financial statements as set out in the table below. These, together with qualitative 
considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures 
and to evaluate the effect of misstatements on the financial statements as a whole. 
Overall materiality 
€ 70 million (previous year € 79 million) 
How we determined it 
0.24 % of total assets 
Specific materiality 
€ 7.7 million (previous year 7 million) 
How we determined it 
5 % of profit before tax 
Rationale for the materiality 
benchmark applied 
We chose total assets as the benchmark because, in our view, key 
driver of the business and determinants of the mortgage bank’s profit 
potential are best reflected in the balance sheet. 
A number of key performance indicators of the bank are driven by 
income statement items; therefore, we have applied a specific 
materiality to all income statement items after Net interest income. 
The benchmarks determined are within the range of acceptable 
quantitative materiality thresholds in auditing standards. 
Key Audit Matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the 
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial 
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. 
As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including among other 
matters consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material misstatement due to 
fraud. 
Key audit matter in the audit of the company 
How our audit addressed the key audit matter 
Impairment of loans to customers 
Refer to the Note 1 Accounting policies (Critical 
judgements and estimation uncertainty). Note 9 Net 
loan losses and Note 11 Loans and impairment to the 
financial statements 
A high level of judgement is involved in determining 
the appropriate impairment loss to be recognised. 
Expected credit losses (ECL) are calculated as a 
function of the probability of default, the exposure at 
default and the loss given default, as well as the timing 
of the loss. 
Our audit included a combination of testing of 
internal controls over financial reporting and 
substantive testing. 
We obtained an understanding of the loan 
origination process, credit risk management and the 
impairment allowances for loans and advances to 
customers. 
For ECL models, we involved our modelling 
specialists to assess the methodology, challenge the 
underlying assumptions and to independently 
reperform the calculation for a sample of loans. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
69

--- Page 270 ---
Key audit matter in the audit of the company 
How our audit addressed the key audit matter 
IFRS 9 categorises loans into three stages depending 
on the level of credit risk or changes in credit risk for 
each individual loan. For loans without significant 
increase in credit risk, stage 1, expected credit losses 
are calculated for estimated defaults within 12 months. 
For loans where there is a significant increase in credit 
risk, stage 2, or loans in default, stage 3, a lifetime of 
expected losses are calculated. 
Valuation of certain Level II financial instruments 
held at fair value 
Refer to the Note 1 Accounting policies (Critical 
judgements and estimation uncertainty), Note 12 
Derivatives and hedge accounting, Note 25 
Classification of financial instruments and Note 26 
Assets and liabilities at fair value to the financial 
statements. 
Given the ongoing volatility and macro-economic 
uncertainty, valuation of financial instruments 
continues to be an area of inherent risk. 
The valuation of Level II financial instruments utilises 
observable inputs for recurring fair value 
measurements. 
Important areas in valuation of financial instruments 
held at fair value relate to: 
 
Framework and policies relating to models 
and valuation; 
 
Internal controls relating to fair value 
hierarchy, fair value adjustments, price testing 
and model control & governance; and 
 
Disclosures of financial instruments. 
We assessed and tested the design and operating 
effectiveness of the controls over: 
 
The identification, measurement and 
oversight of valuation of financial 
instruments 
 
Fair value hierarchy, fair value 
adjustments and independent price 
verification 
 
Model control and governance. 
We examined the Company’s independent price 
verification processes, model validation and 
approval processes, controls over data feeds and 
inputs to valuation and the Company’s governance 
and reporting processes and controls. 
We performed an independent valuation of a 
sample of positions. 
In respect of fair value adjustments for derivatives, 
we assessed the methodology applied. 
IT systems supporting processes over financial 
reporting 
The Company’s financial reporting is highly dependent 
on IT systems supporting automated accounting and 
reconciliation procedures. To ensure complete and 
accurate financial records it is important that the IT 
general controls are designed properly, and they 
operate effectively. 
We have tested the design and operating 
effectiveness for controls related to the IT systems 
relevant for financial reporting. Our assessment 
included, access to program and data as well as 
program development and changes. 
For logical access to program and data, audit 
activities included testing of addition of access 
rights, removal of access rights and monitoring of 
appropriateness as well as appropriate segregation 
of duties. 
Other areas tested included monitoring of IT 
systems and controls over changes to IT-systems. 
There are no significant risks of material misstatement referred to in Article 10(2c) of Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 
with respect to financial statements. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
70

--- Page 271 ---
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director for the Financial Statements 
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a 
true and fair view in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the EU, and of 
financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the laws and regulations governing the preparation 
of financial statements in Finland and comply with statutory requirements. The Board of Directors and the Managing 
Director are also responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of 
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
In preparing the financial statements, the Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for assessing 
the company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters relating to going concern and 
using the going concern basis of accounting. The financial statements are prepared using the going concern basis of 
accounting unless there is an intention to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or there is no realistic alternative 
but to do so. 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. 
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with 
good auditing practice will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or 
error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the 
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements. 
As part of an audit in accordance with good auditing practice, we exercise professional judgment and maintain 
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also: 
 
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, 
design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from 
fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. 
 
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the 
company’s internal control. 
 
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and 
related disclosures made by management. 
 
Conclude on the appropriateness of the Board of Directors’ and the Managing Director’s use of the going concern 
basis of accounting and based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to 
events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we 
conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related 
disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our 
conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events 
or conditions may cause the company to cease to continue as a going concern. 
 
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and 
whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events so that the financial statements 
give a true and fair view. 
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of 
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during 
our audit. 
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may 
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards. 
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We 
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or 
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because 
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such 
communication. 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
71

--- Page 272 ---
Other Reporting Requirements 
Appointment 
Our appointment represents a total period of uninterrupted engagement of 4 years. 
Other Information 
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are responsible for the other information. The other information 
comprises the report of the Board of Directors and the information included in the Annual Report, but does not include 
the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. 
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information. 
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identified 
above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or 
our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. With respect to the report of the 
Board of Directors, our responsibility also includes considering whether the report of the Board of Directors has been 
prepared in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations. 
In our opinion 
 
the information in the report of the Board of Directors is consistent with the information in the financial statements 
 
the report of the Board of Directors has been prepared in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations. 
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of the other information, we 
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. 
Helsinki 19 February 2020 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy 
Authorised Public Accountants 
Juha Wahlroos 
Authorised Public Accountant (KHT) 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc . Annual Report 2019 
72

--- Page 273 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 144- 
70-41013180 
 
GLOSSARY OF CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS  
 
bankruptcy liquidity loan 
A loan made by the bankruptcy administrator of the issuer to secure 
liquidity or take out liquidity credit in accordance with Section 26 
of the CBA recorded in the register. 
 
CBA 
The 
Finnish 
Covered 
Bond 
Act 
(Laki 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010), as amended. 
 
commercial property loan 
Loans secured by: (i) mortgageable property for commercial or 
office purposes referred to in Chapter 16, Section 1 or Chapter 19, 
Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code (Maakaari 540/1995), as 
amended; or (ii) shares of a housing company or a real estate 
company entitling the holder to occupancy of the commercial or 
office premises; or (iii) collateral comparable to the aforementioned 
collateral, situated in another State belonging to the EEA. 
 
cover pool 
The mortgage loans, public-sector loans and supplementary 
collateral entered into the register as statutory security for covered 
bonds under the CBA. 
 
covered bond 
A bond collateralised by a mortgage loan or a public-sector loan 
entered in the register in accordance with the CBA. 
 
derivative transactions 
Derivatives transactions entered into by the issuer to hedge against 
the risks relating to covered bonds or their underlying collateral and 
recorded in the register. 
 
eligible assets 
Mortgage loans, public-sector loans or supplementary collateral. 
 
FIN-FSA 
The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanssivalvonta). 
 
housing company shares 
Shares in a housing company which is a company incorporated in 
Finland and referred to in Chapter 1, Section 2 of the Finnish Act on 
Housing Companies (Asunto-osakeyhtiölaki 1599/2009), as 
amended. 
 
housing loan 
Loans secured by: (i) mortgageable property for primarily 
residential purposes referred to in Chapter 16, Section 1 or Chapter 
19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code (Maakaari 540/1995), as 
amended; or (ii) shares in a housing company referred to in Chapter 
1, Section 2 of the Act on Housing Companies (Asunto-
osakeyhtiölaki 1599/2009), as amended, or shares comparable 
thereto, participations and rights of occupancy; or (iii) collateral 
comparable to the aforementioned collateral, situated in another 
State belonging to the EEA. 
 
mortgage loans 
Housing loans and commercial property loans. 
 
public-sector loan 
Loans which have been granted to the Republic of Finland, a 
Finnish municipality or other public-sector entity which may, when 
calculating prudential requirements set out in Regulation (EU) No. 
575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms 
and amending Regulation (EU) 648/2012, be considered equivalent 
to the Finnish State or Finnish municipality or a credit which is fully 
collateralised by a guarantee granted by a public-sector entity or a 
claim on such entity.

--- Page 274 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 145- 
70-41013180 
 
register 
The register of covered bonds which the issuer is required to 
maintain pursuant to Chapter 5 of the CBA. 
 
supplementary collateral 
(a) 
Bonds and other debt obligations issued by a central 
government, a municipality or another public-sector entity 
or a credit institution (other than one belonging to the same 
consolidated group as the issuer); 
(b) 
guarantees granted by a public-sector entity or a credit 
institution referred to in paragraph (a) above; 
(c) 
credit insurance given by an insurance company other than 
one belonging to the same group, as defined in the Finnish 
Act on Supervision of Finance and Insurance Groups (Laki 
rahoitus- ja vakuutusryhmittymien valvonnasta 699/2004), 
as amended, as the issuer; and 
(d) 
assets of the issuer deposited in the Bank of Finland or a 
deposit bank; if the issuer is a deposit bank, the deposit may 
not be in a deposit bank belonging to the same consolidated 
group as the issuer.

--- Page 275 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 146- 
70-41013180 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
€ ................................................................... ix 
€STR............................................................ 19 
30/360 .......................................................... 96 
30E/360........................................................ 96 
30E/360 (ISDA) ........................................... 97 
360/360 ........................................................ 96 
Accrued Interest ........................................... 99 
Actual/360.................................................... 96 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ....................................... 96 
Actual/365 (Sterling) .................................... 96 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) .................................. 95 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ................................... 95 
Adjustment Spread ....................................... 93 
Alternative Benchmark Rate ......................... 89 
Alternative Relevant Screen Page ................. 89 
Bank Rate .................................................... 82 
Banking Act ................................................ 132 
bankruptcy liquidity loans ............................ 109 
Bankruptcy liquidity loans ............................ 76 
Base Prospectus .............................. i, 32, 33, 52 
BBSW .......................................................... 77 
Bearer Covered Bonds ......................... ii, 24, 72 
Bearer Series ................................................ 24 
Benchmark Event ......................................... 94 
Benchmarks Regulation ................................ vii 
BKBM ......................................................... 77 
Bond Basis ................................................... 96 
business day ................................................. 79 
Business Day ................................. 28, 105, 106 
Business Day Convention ............................. 94 
Calculation Agent ......................................... 95 
Calculation Amount...................................... 95 
Calculation Period ........................................ 95 
CBA.................................................. ii, 75, 109 
CDOR .......................................................... 77 
Central Bank ................................................. iii 
CFI ............................................................. 140 
CGCB .......................................................... 24 
CIBOR ......................................................... 77 
Clearing System Business Day...................... 28 
Clearing Systems .......................................... 29 
Clearstream, Luxembourg .................. 24, 29, 72 
CMVM ....................................................... 134 
Code ........................................................... 105 
commercial property loans ........................... 110 
Compounded Daily SONIA .......................... 81 
Conditions ......................................... 32, 52, 71 
Coupons .................................................. 24, 73 
cover pool ................................................... 109 
Cover Pool ..................................................... 2 
Covered Bond Holder ................................... 75 
Covered Bond Holders ................................. 74 
Covered Bondholders ................................... 26 
covered bonds ............................................. 109 
Covered Bonds ........................................... ii, 3 
CRA Regulation ........................................... vii 
CSSF .......................................................... 133 
Day Count Fraction ....................................... 95 
Dealer .............................................................ii 
Dealers ................................................... ii, 130 
Dealership Agreement ................................. 130 
Decree No. 58 ............................................. See 
Deed of Covenant ......................................... 71 
Definitive Bearer Covered Bonds .................. 25 
Definitive Covered Bonds ............................. 72 
derivative transactions ................................. 109 
Derivative transactions .................................. 76 
Determination Agent ............................... 77, 97 
Disputes ...................................................... 108 
distributor ....................................................... v 
EEA .............................................................. iii 
eligible assets .............................................. 110 
ESMA .......................................................... vii 
EU ................................................................. ix 
EUR .............................................................. ix 
EURIBOR .................................................... 77 
euro ............................................................... ix 
Euro ............................................................... ix 
Eurobond Basis ............................................. 96 
Euroclear ................................................ 24, 72 
Euroclear Finland .......................................... 71 
Euroclear Finland Register ............................ 74 
Euroclear Finland Rules ................................ 73 
Euroclear Participants ................................... 29 
Eurodollar Convention .................................. 95 
Euronext Dublin ............................................ iii 
Eurosystem ................................................... 24 
Exchange Date ........................................ 24, 72 
Exchange Event ............................................ 25 
Exempt Covered Bonds ................................. 71 
FATCA....................................................... 103 
FIEA........................................................... 137 
Final Terms ........................................ iii, 32, 71 
FIN-FSA ................................................. 5, 109 
Finnish Covered Bonds ......................... ii, 3, 71 
Finnish Issuing Agent.................................... 71 
Finnish Registrar ........................................... 71 
Finnish Remedies ........................................ 108 
Finnish Securities Markets Act .................... 131 
Fiscal Agency Agreement ............................. 71 
Fiscal Agent .................................................. 71 
FISN ........................................................... 140 
Floating Rate Convention .............................. 95 
Following Business Day Convention ............. 94 
FRN Convention ........................................... 95 
FSA ............................................................ 133 
Global Covered Bond .................................... 27 
Global Registered Covered Bond ............. 25, 73 
HIBOR ......................................................... 77 
Holder .......................................................... 75 
holder of Covered Bonds ............................... 26 
Holders ......................................................... 74

--- Page 276 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 147- 
70-41013180 
 
housing loans .............................................. 110 
IA Determination Cut-off Date ..................... 89 
ICSDs ............................................................ 6 
IGAs ........................................................... 129 
Independent Adviser ..................................... 97 
Individual Covered Bond Certificates ...... 25, 73 
Interest Amount ............................................ 80 
Interest Commencement Date ....................... 97 
Interest Determination Date ..................... 79, 81 
Interest Payment Date ................................... 76 
Interest Period ......................................... 77, 81 
Investor's Currency ....................................... 16 
ISIN ............................................................ 140 
issuer........................................................... 109 
Issuer ....................................................... ii, 71 
JIBAR .......................................................... 78 
KID ......................................................... 48, 68 
LBD ............................................................. 81 
LIBOR ......................................................... 77 
London Banking Day............................... 81, 87 
Luxembourg Prospectus Law ....................... 133 
Manager ......................................................... 8 
Margin ......................................................... 79 
Maximum Redemption Amount .................... 98 
Member State ................................................ ix 
MiFID II ....................................................... iii 
MiFID II Regulations .................................. 131 
Minimum Redemption Amount .................... 98 
Modified Business Day Convention .............. 95 
Modified Following Business Day Convention
 .................................................................... 95 
Moody's ....................................................... vii 
Mortgage Certificates .................................. 121 
mortgage loans ............................................ 110 
MOSPRIME................................................. 78 
New Global Covered Bond ........................... 24 
New Safekeeping Structure ........................... 25 
NGCB .......................................................... 24 
NIBOR......................................................... 78 
No Adjustment ............................................. 95 
NOK ............................................................. ix 
Nordea Bank .................................................. 2 
Nordea Mortgage Bank ................................... ii 
NSS ............................................................. 25 
Observation Period ....................................... 81 
Official List ................................................... iii 
Optional Redemption Amount ...................... 98 
Original Covered Bonds .......................... 33, 53 
Paying Agents .............................................. 71 
Permanent Global Covered Bond ............. 24, 72 
Portuguese Securities Code .......................... 134 
Preceding Business Day Convention ............. 95 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy ........................ 118 
Pricing Supplement ............................ iii, 51, 71 
PRIIPs Regulation .......................................... vi 
Proceedings ................................................ 108 
Programme .....................................................ii 
Prospectus Regulation ........................ iii, 33, 71 
public-sector loans ...................................... 110 
Rate of Interest .............................................. 77 
Record Date .......................................... 28, 104 
Reference Price ............................................. 98 
Reference Rate .............................................. 80 
register ........................................................ 109 
Registered Covered Bonds ........................ ii, 73 
Registrar ....................................................... 71 
Regular Date ................................................. 98 
Regular Period .............................................. 98 
Regulation No. 11971 ................................. 132 
Regulation S .................................... i, v, 32, 52 
Relevant Date ............................................. 103 
Relevant Financial Centre ..................... 80, 105 
Relevant Nominating Body ........................... 98 
Relevant Screen Page .................................... 77 
Relevant Time ............................................... 80 
Securities Act ................................... i, v, 32, 52 
Securities Market Law................................. 135 
SEK ............................................................... ix 
Series ........................................................ 3, 71 
Service Agreements .................................... 119 
SFA .................................................. vii, 32, 51 
SOFR............................................................ 20 
SONIA ................................................... 19, 82 
sterling ........................................................... ix 
STIBOR........................................................ 78 
sub-unit......................................................... 76 
Successor Rate .............................................. 98 
supervisor ................................................... 113 
supplementary collateral .............................. 110 
Talon ............................................................ 73 
Talons ........................................................... 24 
TARGET2 .................................................... 98 
TARGET2 Settlement Day ...................... 87, 98 
Taxing Jurisdiction ........................................ 99 
Temporary Global Covered Bond ............ 24, 72 
TIBOR .......................................................... 78 
TIIE .............................................................. 78 
Tranche ........................................................... 3 
Transfer Agreement ................................ 8, 119 
TRLIBOR ..................................................... 78 
U.S. dollars .................................................... ix 
U.S.$ ............................................................. ix 
USD .............................................................. ix 
WIBOR ........................................................ 78 
Yen ................................................................ ix 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds....................... 134

--- Page 277 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 148- 
70-41013180 
 
REGISTERED AND PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
Nordea Mortgage Bank Plc 
(Nordea Kiinnitysluottopankki Oyj) 
Satamaradankatu 5 
00020 NORDEA Helsinki 
Finland 
 
INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy 
Itämerentori 2 
FI-00180 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
ARRANGER 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
 
DEALERS 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland D02 RF29 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
 Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
 Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany  
 
 DZ BANK AG 
Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, 
Frankfurt am Main 
Platz der Republik 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom  
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France  
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany

--- Page 278 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 149- 
70-41013180 
 
 Natixis 
30 avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France 
Norddeutsche Landesbank – Girozentrale - 
Friedrichswall 10 
30159 Hannover 
Germany 
  
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea Helsinki 
Finland 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
Frankfurt am Main 60306 
Germany 
 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT AND 
TRANSFER AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square  
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
 
FINNISH ISSUING AGENT 
FINNISH REGISTRAR 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea Helsinki 
Finland 
 
Euroclear Finland Ltd 
PB 1110 
FI-00101 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland

--- Page 279 ---
10179003283-v33 
- 150- 
70-41013180 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer as to English law 
To the Issuer as to Finnish law 
 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
Hannes Snellman Attorneys Ltd 
Eteläesplanadi 20 
00130 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
To the Dealers as to English law 
To the Dealers as to Finnish law 
 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
Borenius Attorneys Ltd 
Eteläesplanadi 2 
00130 Helsinki 
Finland