--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
Norske tog AS 
(Incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Norway) 
€1,750,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF"), which is the Luxembourg competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended or superseded, 
(the "Prospectus Regulation"), and the Luxembourg act relating to prospectuses for securities of 16 July 2019 (Loi du 
16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et portant mise en œuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129) 
(the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law") as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation for 
the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue by Norske tog AS (the "Issuer") of notes ("Notes") under 
the €1,750,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus during 
the period of twelve months after the date hereof (until 13 October 2022). The CSSF has only approved the Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation and the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. The CSSF gives 
no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the transaction or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in 
line with the provisions of article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. Investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in such Notes.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval, meaning such validity will expire 
on 13 October 2022. If at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which may affect the 
assessment of any Notes whose inclusion would reasonably be required by investors for the purpose of making an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and 
the rights attaching to the Notes, the Issuer will prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement 
Base Prospectus in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes. The Issuer shall submit such supplement to 
the CSSF for approval. The obligation to supplement a prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material 
mistakes or material inaccuracies will only apply while a prospectus is valid, which shall be during the period of twelve 
months after the date hereof.  
Applications have been made for such Notes to be admitted during the period of twelve months after the date hereof to 
listing on the official list and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Market"). 
The Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments 
("MiFID II"). The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or that they may be 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or 
quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Programme has been assigned a rating of A+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P"). S&P is established in the European Economic Area ("EEA") and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation"). S&P appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as at 7 May 2021) on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority 
("ESMA"): http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs. The rating S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited has given to the Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited, which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the 
"Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes 
in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. See under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" for a description of the manner in 
which Notes will be issued. 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a Base Prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
An investment in the Notes involves certain risks. Factors which could be material for the purposes of assessing the 
risks associated with the Notes issued under the Programme are set out under "Risk Factors" below.

--- Page 2 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- ii - 
70-41024446 
 
Arranger 
DNB BANK ASA 
Dealers 
DANSKE BANK 
DNB BANK ASA 
NORDEA  
SEB 
13 October 2021

--- Page 3 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- iii - 
70-41024446 
 
Norske tog AS (the "Issuer") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes (as defined below) and declares that, to the best of the 
knowledge and belief of the Issuer, the information contained herein is, in accordance with the facts and 
this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed with any supplement hereto, and with any other 
documents incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Series (as defined herein) of Notes, 
should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms (as defined herein). 
The Issuer has confirmed to the dealers (the "Dealers") named under "Subscription and Sale" below that 
this Base Prospectus (including for this purpose, each relevant Final Terms) is true, accurate and complete 
in all material respects and is not misleading; that the opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly 
held and based on reasonable assumptions; that there are no other facts in relation to the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus the omission of which would, in the context 
of the Programme or the issue of the Notes, make any statement herein or opinions or intentions expressed 
herein misleading in any material respect; and that all reasonable enquiries have been made to verify the 
foregoing. 
No person has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to 
the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public 
domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Dealers, The Law Debenture Trust Corporation 
p.l.c. (the "Trustee") or any of their respective affiliates, and neither the Dealers, the Trustee nor any of 
their respective affiliates makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the 
acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the 
issue and offering of the Notes under the Programme. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication 
that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no 
material adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer since the date hereof or, if later, the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes 
and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to 
the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction in the United 
States and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Notes may not be offered, sold or 
(in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act), except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Additionally, Notes may not be offered or sold 
within Norway or to or for the account or benefit of persons domiciled in Norway, unless the regulations 
relating to the offer of VPS Notes (as defined below) and the registration in the VPS (as defined below) of 
VPS Notes have been complied with. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a "retail investor" means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail

--- Page 4 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- iv - 
70-41024446 
 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK").  For these purposes, 
a "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms (or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms (or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for 
any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product 
Governance Rules. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME 
TO TIME – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities 
and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to 
section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended 
from time to time (the "SFA"). The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each such issue about 
the classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a) of the SFA. Any such legend 
included on the relevant Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 
309B(1)(c) of the SFA.

--- Page 5 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- v - 
70-41024446 
 
Benchmark Regulations 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), Norwegian 
Interbank Offered Rate ("NIBOR") and any other interest rate or other types of rates and indices which are 
deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory discussions 
and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be 
implemented.  
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of EURIBOR, LIBOR and 
NIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money 
Markets Institute, the administrator of EURIBOR, and Norske Finansielle Referanser AS, the administrator 
of NIBOR, are included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011, as amended (the "EU Benchmark Regulation"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
administrators of LIBOR are not included in ESMA's register of administrators under the EU Benchmark 
Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation apply, such that ICE Benchmark Administration Limited are not currently required to obtain 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement or equivalence, as applicable. 
The EU Benchmark Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU.  
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Benchmark Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK.  The EU Benchmark Regulation or the UK 
Benchmark Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR, 
LIBOR, NIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation or UK 
Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More 
broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in 
the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  Such factors may 
have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain 
benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain benchmarks or lead to the 
discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain benchmarks. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms on 27 July 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it 
would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight 
rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial 
instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free 
rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The 
€STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been 
reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to 
how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR 
or an alternative benchmark. 
The UK Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") announced in March 2021 the future cessation or loss of 
representativeness of 35 LIBOR benchmark settings published by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
from 31 December 2021.  The elimination of the LIBOR benchmark or any other benchmark, or changes 
in the manner of administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest 
calculation provisions of the Conditions (as further described in Condition 5.5 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation)), or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark 
(including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR, LIBOR, NIBOR or any other 
such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, 
uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark 
may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes 
and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out below provide for certain fallback arrangements in the 
event that a published benchmark, such as LIBOR, EURIBOR or NIBOR, (including any page on which 
such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable, including the 
possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and 
that such successor rate or alternative rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to 
the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to

--- Page 6 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- vi - 
70-41024446 
 
investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. In certain circumstances the ultimate 
fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding 
Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate 
Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the 
uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, 
any federal or state securities commission in the United States or any other U.S. regulatory authority, 
nor have any of the foregoing authorities passed or endorsed the merits of the offering of Notes or 
the accuracy or adequacy of this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal 
offence in the United States. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation or (ii) constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not 
be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers, the Trustee or any of them that any recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of 
the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour 
of any financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser or other adviser) possible 
scenarios for economic, interest rate, legal and other factors that may affect its investment and its 
ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as at any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will 
not exceed €1,750,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). The maximum aggregate principal 
amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from 
time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under 
"Subscription and Sale". 
Tranches of Notes that may be issued under the Programme can be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of 
Notes issued under the Programme is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) assigned to the Programme, the Issuer 
or to Notes already issued.

--- Page 7 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- vii - 
70-41024446 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation. ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs, a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation. The ESMA website is not incorporated by reference into, nor does it form part of, this Base 
Prospectus. This list must be updated within five working days of ESMA's adoption of any decision to 
withdraw the registration of a credit rating agency under the EU CRA Regulation. Therefore, such list is 
not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency as there may be delays between certain 
supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA 
list. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a 
Member State of the European Economic Area, references to the "Prospectus Regulation" are to 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded), references to "EUR", "euro" or "€" are to the 
single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union and as 
defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, 
as amended, and references to "NOK" or "Norwegian Kroner" are to the lawful currency of Norway. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
10215153600-v28 
 
70-41024446 
 
Contents 
 
Page 
General Description of the Programme .......................................................................................................................... 1 
Risk Factors ................................................................................................................................................................... 6 
Documents Incorporated By Reference ....................................................................................................................... 16 
Use of Proceeds ........................................................................................................................................................... 18 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus ............................................................................................................................ 19 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .............................................................................................................................. 20 
Provisions relating to the Notes whilst in Global Form ................................................................................................. 51 
Form of Final Terms ..................................................................................................................................................... 55 
Norske tog .................................................................................................................................................................... 67 
Taxation ....................................................................................................................................................................... 77 
Subscription and Sale .................................................................................................................................................. 80 
General Information ..................................................................................................................................................... 85

--- Page 9 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 1 - 
70-41024446 
 
General Description of the Programme  
The following is a brief overview only and should be read in conjunction with the rest of this document and, 
in relation to any Notes, in conjunction with the relevant Final Terms and, to the extent applicable, the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out herein. 
This Programme is a €1,750,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme under which the Issuer may 
from time to time issue Notes in accordance with and subject to all applicable laws and regulations and 
denominated in any currency, subject as set out herein. The applicable terms of any Notes will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer or Dealers prior to the issue of the Notes and will be set out in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes endorsed on, attached to, or incorporated by reference into, the 
Notes, as completed by the applicable Final Terms attached to, or endorsed on, such Notes. 
Issuer: 
Norske tog AS. 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain 
risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the 
Issuer to fulfil its respective obligations under the Notes are 
discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Arranger: 
DNB Bank ASA. 
Dealers: 
Danske Bank A/S, DNB Bank ASA, Nordea Bank Abp, 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and any other dealer 
appointed from time to time by the Issuer either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche (as 
defined below) of Notes. 
Trustee: 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Principal Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
Registrar: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch. 
VPS Account Manager: 
To be appointed by the Issuer prior to the issue of any VPS Notes. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch. 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or (2) 
pursuant to a drawdown prospectus (a "Drawdown Prospectus"), 
prepared in connection with a particular Tranche of Notes. 
 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those 
Final Terms will, for the purposes of that Tranche only, complete 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and this Base Prospectus 
and must be read in conjunction with the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as completed to the extent described in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus will be the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes as supplemented, amended 
and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus 
to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final 
Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such 
information being specified or identified in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Each Series may be admitted to listing on the official list and to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and/or admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any other regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II as may

--- Page 10 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 2 - 
70-41024446 
 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or may be issued on the basis that they 
will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to €1,750,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at 
any one time. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form, registered form or in 
uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form cleared through 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA, the Norwegian Central Securities 
Depository, "VPS", legal title thereto being evidenced by book 
entries in the VPS (the "VPS Notes"). VPS Notes will not be 
evidenced by any physical note or document of title. Entitlements 
to VPS Notes will be evidenced by the crediting of VPS Notes to 
accounts with the VPS. In respect of each Tranche of Notes issued 
in bearer form, the Issuer will deliver a temporary global note (a 
"Temporary Global Note") or (if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms in respect of Notes to which U.S. Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor rules in the U.S. Treasury 
Regulations promulgated under Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code (the "TEFRA C Rules") applies (as so specified 
in such Final Terms)) a permanent global note (a "Permanent 
Global Note"). Each global Note in bearer form which is not 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a "Classic Global 
Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms will be 
deposited on or before the relevant issue date therefor with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (or 
any successors thereto) ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. (or any successors thereto) ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg") and each global Note in bearer form which is 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a "New Global 
Note" or "NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will 
be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, for 
Notes in definitive bearer form ("Definitive Notes") and/or (if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) registered form in 
accordance with its terms ("Registered Notes"). Each Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes and/or (if 
so specified in the relevant Final Terms) Registered Notes in 
accordance with its terms. (See further under "Provisions Relating 
to the Notes whilst in Global Form" below). Definitive Notes will, 
if interest-bearing, have interest coupons ("Coupons") attached 
and, if appropriate, a talon ("Talon") for further Coupons. Each 
Note represented by a global Note certificate (a "Global Note 
Certificate") will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is to 
be held under the new safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping 
Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name of a common 
safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the 
relevant Global Note Certificate will be deposited on or about the 
issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or (b) in the case of a Note which is not 
to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, registered in the 
name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and the relevant Global Note Certificate will be 
deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary.

--- Page 11 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 3 - 
70-41024446 
 
Notes in registered form may not be exchanged for Notes in bearer 
form. VPS Notes may not be exchanged for bearer Notes or 
registered Notes and vice versa. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in series (each, a "Series"). Each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches ("Tranches" and each, a 
"Tranche") issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue 
date and the amount of the first payment of interest may be 
different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each 
Tranche will all be subject to identical terms in all respects save 
that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different denominations. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Tranche that comprises VPS Notes 
may not also comprise Notes in bearer form or Notes in registered 
form, though it may comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated book 
entry form, as more fully described under the section entitled 
"Form of Notes" above. On or before the issue date of each 
Tranche of VPS Notes entries may be made with the VPS to 
evidence the debt represented by such VPS Notes to 
accountholders with the VPS. VPS Notes will be issued in 
accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to VPS Notes 
from time to time. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies, subject 
to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. Payments in respect of Notes may, 
subject to compliance as aforesaid, be made in any currency or 
currencies other than the currency in which such Notes are 
denominated. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes will be issued on an unsubordinated basis. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject, in relation to specific currencies, to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date 
of issue and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer 
in the UK or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from 
an establishment maintained by the Issuer in the UK, such Notes 
must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in 
other circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") by the Issuer. 
Redemption: 
Notes will be redeemable at par or at such other redemption 
amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms and/or determined 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the relevant 
Series.

--- Page 12 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 4 - 
70-41024446 
 
Early Redemption: 
Early redemption will be permitted for taxation reasons as 
mentioned in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Early 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons", and may be permitted at the 
option of the Noteholder or of the Issuer if so specified in the Final 
Terms, in accordance with Conditions 6.3 (Optional Early 
Redemption (Call)), or 6.7 (Optional Early Redemption (Put)), but 
will otherwise be permitted only to the extent specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed or floating rate and may vary during 
the lifetime of the relevant Series. The Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes also provide for additional fallbacks in the event that 
one or more benchmark rates used to determine the interest 
payable on the Notes is discontinued. Such fallbacks provide that 
an Independent Advisor may determine a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread, if any, and any Benchmark Amendments in accordance 
with Condition 5.5 (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
Denominations: 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which have a 
minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in 
another currency). Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such 
denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements. 
Taxation: 
Payments in respect of Notes will be made without withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Norway or any 
political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction 
of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is 
required by law. In that event, the Issuer will (subject to customary 
exceptions) pay such additional amounts as will result in the 
holders of Notes or Coupons receiving such amounts as they 
would have received in respect of such Notes or Coupons had no 
such withholding or deduction been required. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described 
in Condition 4. 
Cross Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default as described in 
Condition 7. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and all related contractual documentation and any non-
contractual obligation arising out of, or in connection with them, 
will be governed by English law. VPS Notes must comply with 
the relevant regulations of the VPS and the Norwegian Securities 
Depository Act of 15 March 2019 No. 6 (the "Norwegian 
Securities Depository Act") (as amended from time to time) and 
the holders of VPS Notes will be entitled to the rights, and are 
subject to the obligations and liabilities, which arise under the 
Norwegian Securities Depository Act and any related regulations 
and legislation. 
 
The registration of VPS Notes in the VPS as well as the recording 
and transfer of ownership to, and other interests in, VPS Notes 
will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Norwegian law.

--- Page 13 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 5 - 
70-41024446 
 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg in relation to any Notes 
other than VPS Notes, which are cleared through the VPS. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in 
the Kingdom of Norway, the EEA, the United States of America, 
the UK, Japan, Singapore and Belgium, see under "Subscription 
and Sale". 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the 
general corporate purposes of the Issuer or, in respect of any Notes 
which are issued as Green Bonds, to finance and/or refinance 
Green Projects. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 6 - 
70-41024446 
 
Risk Factors 
Prospective investors should note that the following factors may represent a risk to the Issuer's ability 
to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. Investing in Notes involves certain 
risks, and prospective investors should consider that they could lose some or all of their investment. All 
of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and no view is expressed on the likelihood 
of any such contingency occurring. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
This section is not intended to be, and is not, exhaustive and prospective investors should read the 
detailed information appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus prior to making any decision to invest 
in the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Risks relating to the Issuer 
Risks related to the Issuer's business activities and industry 
Risks relating to the Issuer's revenues and the potential competition from other owners of rolling stock 
The Issuer's sole business is to own and lease out its rolling stock to operators of passenger rail services 
in Norway, and its revenues are solely generated under lease agreements with passenger train operators. 
Until the end of 2019, the only lessee was Vygruppen AS (previously named Norges Statsbaner AS) 
("Vy"). The passenger train operators appointed for the first two competitive tenders for Norwegian 
passenger rail services (which commenced operations in December 2019 and June 2020, respectively) 
must lease rolling stock from the Issuer. For the third competitive tender (which commenced operations 
in December 2020) the passenger train operator is also required to lease rolling stock from the Issuer, 
but pursuant to the terms of the tendered traffic package, the operator may provide its own rolling stock 
if demand exceeds what the Issuer can provide. The future market position of the Issuer will depend on: 
(i) the timing and frequency of further competitive tenders for passenger rail operations in Norway; and 
(ii) whether the Norwegian Ministry of Transport and Communications (the "MOT") decides that the 
use of the Issuer's rolling stock will be a condition to tender in future competitive tenders, or whether 
passenger train operators may use their own rolling stock. There can be no assurance that the Issuer's 
current position will continue if it proves to be more favourable, financially or otherwise, to use rolling 
stock made available by operators of service areas subjected to competitive tenders. 
The customers of the Issuer are few in number, with just one lessee representing 100% of the Issuer's 
revenues until the end of 2019 and just four lessees representing 100% of the Issuer's revenues until the 
end of 2021. Due to the limited number of customers, any loss of revenue from one or more such 
customers could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business and therefore impact its ability 
to make payments due in respect of Notes issued under the Programme. Upon default of a lessee (other 
than Vy), there are expected to be financial guarantees in place to cover the Issuer's losses and such 
lessee's train operating agreement and train leasing obligations are expected to pass on to Vy (or another 
operator). However, no assurance can be given that the Issuer's business and its ability to make payments 
due in respect of Notes issued under the Programme will not be affected by the default of a lessee. 
The Issuer could be negatively impacted by a failure to generate income from its rolling stock over its 
useful economic life 
The Issuer's business depends on generating rental income from the leasing of rolling stock over the 
whole of its economic life while minimising costs associated with that rolling stock over the same period. 
Rolling stock will typically have an economic life of approximately 30 years, but lease terms will 
normally not exceed 10 years. As a result, at the end of each lease the rolling stock may still have a 
substantial residual value which will only be recovered if the rolling stock is re-leased or sold on 
favourable terms and without significant time off-lease, or must be recovered by calling on the MOT residual 
value guarantee (see below). Any failure to realise the residual value of the rolling stock could materially 
adversely affect the Issuer's business if and to the extent such losses are not covered by the MOT residual 
value guarantee. 
The Issuer's ability to re-lease available rolling stock in the future may be affected by, among other 
things, the perceived attractiveness among train operating companies of ordering newly built rolling 
stock as compared to re-leasing older rolling stock. In this assessment of rolling stock requirements, 
an operating company's decision to order newly built rolling stock may be influenced by its price, its

--- Page 15 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 7 - 
70-41024446 
 
all-in operating cost (including cost of servicing and maintenance), its operating characteristics, such as 
capacity, energy consumption and reliability and changes in technology generally. An operating 
company's decision will also be influenced by its ability to fund new rolling stock and underwrite 
residual value at an appropriate cost. 
Over time, the value of the Issuer's rolling stock may decline substantially, which may result in an 
impairment of the book value of the rolling stock, or loss upon sale of the rolling stock 
Over time, the value of the Issuer's rolling stock, or parts of the rolling stock, may fluctuate. The market 
value of the rolling stock may decrease depending on a number of factors including: 
• 
general economic and market conditions affecting the railway industry, including competition 
from other companies; 
• 
types, sizes and ages of the rolling stock; 
• 
costs of new rolling stock; 
• 
available manufacturing slots; 
• 
governmental or other regulations; and 
• 
technological developments and advances. 
Any reduction in the value of the rolling stock could lead to accounting losses, reduced recovery upon 
lease expiry and other impairments that may adversely affect the Issuer's business if and to the extent such 
losses are not covered by the MOT residual value guarantee. 
Residual value guarantee 
As further described, and within the limitations set out, under "Norske tog – Business of the Issuer – 
Residual value guarantee", the MOT has provided a residual value guarantee covering 75% of the book 
value of the Issuer's rolling stock. If the relevant rolling stock is no longer used for publicly procured 
passenger rail transport, the guarantee will cover up to 75% of any resulting losses. In the event that a 
train operator does not lease rolling stock from the Issuer and the rolling stock needs to be divested, the 
Issuer is expected to have recourse under the residual value guarantee. However, no assurance can be 
given that the residual value guarantee will cover all losses incurred by the Issuer as a consequence of 
holding excess rolling stock. Moreover, the residual value guarantee is subject to political risk as it 
requires an annual approval by the Norwegian Parliament and no assurance can be given that such 
approvals will be given in the future. The materialisation of the aforementioned risks could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's business and therefore impact its ability to make payments due in 
respect of Notes issued under the Programme. 
Technical failures, safety issues or operational risks could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's 
business 
There is a risk that as a rolling stock owning company, the Issuer could be involved in a major 
operational incident with consequent human injuries or damage to property, including damage to or 
destruction of rolling stock, resulting in liability to the Issuer. Although primarily the responsibility of 
the relevant operating company, the cost to the Issuer for any claim made against the Issuer for which 
the Issuer was held liable and for which its own insurance programme was inadequate could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or 
prospects. 
The Issuer is also exposed to the risk of significant out of warranty rolling stock failures (such as 
inherent design faults or technical failures) as the economic life of rolling stock exceeds standard 
manufacturer warranty periods. Such rolling stock failures may result in the loss of lease revenue (if 
such rolling stock cannot be used) and increased costs if the Issuer has to implement new or additional 
maintenance works or implement rolling stock modifications which could have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. 
The Issuer is dependent on the services of key personnel and its ability to continue to attract and retain 
such personnel

--- Page 16 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 8 - 
70-41024446 
 
The Issuer's success will depend, in part, on its ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate qualified 
personnel. The Issuer relies on its senior management for the implementation of its strategy and its day-
to- day operations. Competition in the rail industry for personnel with relevant expertise, especially at 
the senior management level, may be intense due to the specialised nature of the rail industry and the 
limited number of qualified individuals. Any failure by the Issuer to appoint and/or retain key personnel 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and/or prospects. 
The Issuer is dependent on a limited number of key suppliers 
The Issuer's rolling stock purchased since 2008 has been purchased from a single supplier, Stadler 
Bussnang AG, and 150 train sets are under order with the same supplier as at 31 December 2020. If the 
supplier should encounter financial, regulatory or operational difficulties, the Issuer may not be able to 
enforce warranty claims or place orders for upgrading, refurbishing and life extension of trains delivered. 
The same may be the case if the supplier should encounter, for example, capacity constraints or extended 
production delays, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and/or prospects. 
Risks related to the Issuer's financial situation 
Risks relating to increases in the Issuer's costs 
The lease rates in the Issuer's rolling stock leasing agreements are calculated inter alia on the basis of 
expected inflation, depreciation rates and cost increase/decrease over the lease period. However, if in 
the future inflation, depreciation rates and/or cost increases exceed the levels on which the calculation 
of the rates is based, the Issuer's profitability may be negatively affected. 
The Issuer is a recently incorporated company with limited operating or financial history as a stand-
alone operation 
The Issuer was established in June 2016 as a newly formed, wholly owned subsidiary of Vy. In October 
2016, the Issuer acquired most of Vy's passenger rolling stock. The rolling stock was simultaneously 
leased back to Vy. In April 2017, Vy was demerged as part of a general reform of the railway sector in 
Norway and all of the shares in the Issuer were transferred to the MOT. Accordingly, the Issuer is, as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, wholly owned by the MOT. 
The Issuer is not a continuation of a division or a unit that has existed as an independently operated or 
reporting unit within Vy's operations, and has limited operating history as a stand-alone entity separate 
from Vy or any other entity. Investors will have limited historical financial and other information on 
which to base any decision to invest in the Notes. 
The Issuer is exposed to foreign exchange risk 
NOK is the functional currency of the Issuer. The Issuer is exposed to foreign currency risks related to 
its current borrowings and may in the future be exposed to currency risks relating to investments or 
otherwise. The Issuer has entered into certain derivative agreements to reduce its risks relating to currency 
conversions and expects to continue to pursue a prudent hedging strategy going forward. However, there 
can be no assurance that such measures will be sufficient to protect the Issuer from all effects of currency 
fluctuations and such fluctuations could have a negative impact on the financial condition of the Issuer. 
Risk factors pertaining to the conditions of the Norwegian and international financial system 
The Issuer's ability to access or continue to access domestic and international capital markets and lenders 
to the extent sufficient to meet its funding needs, including the refinancing of outstanding debt falling 
due, investment in new assets and the upgrade and maintenance of existing assets, may be adversely 
affected by a number of factors, including Norwegian and international economic conditions and the 
state of the Norwegian financial system. Accordingly, there is no guarantee that the Issuer will be able 
to meet its funding needs in the future, which could impact the Issuer's business, financial condition 
and/or prospects. 
Environmental, social and governance risks 
Risks relating to the Issuer's geographical location

--- Page 17 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 9 - 
70-41024446 
 
The Issuer's main business is conducted in Norway. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer 
enjoys a de facto monopoly on leasing out the rolling stock used for passenger rail traffic in Norway. Rail 
transport has historically been viewed favourably by different Norwegian governments, owing to its 
environmental benefits and mitigation of increasingly heavy road traffic. By having its main business 
conducted and concentrated in Norway, the business, assets, operations and the revenues of the Issuer 
are on a general level exposed to the financial, political, legal and regulatory environment in Norway 
from time to time and so any change to the operating environment in Norway, including the continued 
implementation of the partial liberalisation of the railway sector, could have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer's business and therefore impact its ability to make payments due in respect of Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
Risks relating to ownership by the Norwegian state 
The Issuer is wholly owned by the Kingdom of Norway. The Issuer is dependent on extensive public 
support in order to maintain its business, both in terms of oversight and control by the government as 
owner, in defining its role in the railway sector and passenger services supply chain as well as ensuring 
a satisfactory capitalisation to enable the Issuer to upgrade and renew its fleet of rolling stock to meet 
future demand. 
The Kingdom of Norway, through its ownership, has the power to decide matters submitted for a vote 
of shareholders of the Issuer, such as approval of the annual financial statements, declarations of annual 
reserves and dividends, capital increases, amendments to the Issuer's articles of association and the 
election and removal of members of the Issuer's Board of Directors. The Kingdom of Norway, as owner 
of the Issuer, may also decide to implement changes in the nature and scope of the Issuer's business 
(through disposals/divestments, acquisitions and otherwise). 
The interests of the Kingdom of Norway in deciding on matters and the factors it considers in exercising 
its ownership may be related to the budgetary, social and environmental implications of the business 
and/or operations of the Issuer. Accordingly, when making commercial and operational decisions, the 
Issuer may not always be able to fully pursue its own commercial interests or those of its stakeholders 
other than the Kingdom of Norway which could impact the Issuer's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and/or prospects. 
Terrorism could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of 
operation or prospects 
Terrorist acts and the public's concerns about potential future attacks on public transport in Europe could 
adversely affect demand for the Issuer's rolling stock which in turn could have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. There have been 
multiple acts of terrorism on public transport systems and other terrorist attacks that have discouraged 
travel. There is a risk that future demand for rolling stock could be adversely affected by a significant 
terrorist incident. 
COVID-19 and related risks 
The COVID-19 pandemic ("Covid") has had an impact on Norwegian train services although, as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, most Norwegian train services have resumed operations at pre-Covid 
levels. Due to government recommendations related to Covid and changed travel behaviour, the number 
of passengers travelling by train has decreased. The Issuer expects that government decisions related to 
Covid and changed travel behaviour will continue to affect Norwegian train services going forward, and 
there is a risk that this could adversely affect future demand for rolling stock. 
The Norwegian government has so far compensated train operators for decreased income due to reduced 
ticket sales through state purchases of train services, ensuring the Issuer lease income for its rolling 
stock from train operators. While railway operations in Norway are considered a critical function for 
society and the Issuer expects the government to continue to compensate train operators to ensure 
satisfactory railway capacity, there is no guarantee that such compensation will continue. Accordingly, 
there is a risk of train operators experiencing financial difficulties going forward, which could potentially 
affect the Issuer's lease income. 
The effects of Covid have resulted in the Issuer experiencing delays to ongoing and future projects. For 
example, the Issuer's project for purchasing new local trains is currently delayed. The Issuer does not 
currently consider there to be any material adverse effects as a result of such delays, but there is a risk

--- Page 18 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 10 - 
70-41024446 
 
that further delays for this project or other projects could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. 
Legal and regulatory risk 
The Issuer may be subject to certain regulatory risks in relation to the rolling stock which it owns and 
leases 
The ownership and operation of rolling stock is subject to a number of health and safety, environmental 
and other laws and regulations. Under health and safety laws and regulations, rail operators have the 
primary responsibility to ensure the safety of any rolling stock they use and any safety related issues 
could have an adverse impact on their use of rolling stock, including the prevention of a rail operator 
from operating. Environmental laws and regulations affect all operations of rolling stock, particularly in 
relation to emissions (for example, if the relevant rolling stock is powered by diesel engines), waste 
handling and asbestos exposure. 
The Issuer may in certain exceptional circumstances be exposed to potential statutory and third party 
environmental liability as a result of the operations carried out on its rolling stock by contractors, 
including liability arising from the clean-up and remediation of environmental damage to land, personal 
injury, property damage, disposal of waste and/or the use or maintenance of rolling stock, all of which 
may require financial contributions from the Issuer. 
Risks relating to the Notes 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for 
which there is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such 
Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already 
issued). If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial 
offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general 
economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although application has been made for 
the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on the official list and admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, there is no assurance that such application 
will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market 
will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market 
for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specify otherwise, in the 
event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to 
any withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on 
behalf of the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
The Norwegian Government has introduced withholding tax on interest and royalty payments with effect 
from 1 July 2021. However, the rules are limited in scope to tax on interest payments to related parties 
resident within low tax jurisdictions. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specify that the 
Notes are redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances the Issuer may choose to 
redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances 
an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective 
interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes 
will be deposited with a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors will not be 
entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of 
the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global

--- Page 19 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 11 - 
70-41024446 
 
Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its payment 
obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a 
beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability 
for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Noteholders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of 
the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled 
by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. 
The Notes may not be suitable for all investors 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition 
of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex 
financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how 
the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and 
the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to 
consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind 
all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of 
Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed 
breach of, any of the provisions of Notes or (ii) determine without the consent of the Noteholders that 
any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such. 
Where the Issuer encounters, or is likely to encounter, financial difficulties that are affecting, or will or 
may affect, its ability to carry on business as a going concern, it may propose a Restructuring Plan (a 
"Plan") with its creditors under Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 (introduced by the Corporate 
Insolvency and Governance Act 2020) to eliminate, reduce, prevent or mitigate the effect of any of those 
financial difficulties. Should this happen, creditors whose rights are affected are organised into creditor 
classes and can vote on any such Plan (subject to being excluded from the vote by the English courts 
for having no genuine economic interest in the Issuer and certain exclusions where the Plan is proposed 
within the 12 week period following the end of a moratorium). Providing that one class of creditors 
(who would receive a payment, or have a genuine economic interest in the Issuer) has approved the Plan, 
and in the view of the English courts any dissenting class(es) who did not approve the Plan are no worse 
off under the Plan than they would be in the event of the "relevant alternative" (such as, broadly, 
liquidation or administration), then the English court can sanction the Plan where it would be a proper 
exercise of its discretion. A sanctioned Plan is binding on all creditors and members, regardless of 
whether they approved it. Any such sanctioned Plan in relation to the Issuer may, therefore, adversely 
affect the rights of Noteholders and the price or value of their investment in the Notes, as it may have the 
effect of modifying or disapplying certain terms of the Notes (by, for example, writing down the principal 
amount of the Notes, modifying the interest payable on the Notes, the maturity date or dates on which 
any payments are due or substituting the Issuer). 
Change of law

--- Page 20 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 12 - 
70-41024446 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
English law or administrative practice or the applications thereof after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Minimum Denomination 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the Specified Denomination 
plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in 
amounts in excess of €100,000 (or its equivalent) that are not integral multiples of €100,000 (or its 
equivalent). In such case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such 
holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes 
such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
The Issuer's obligations under the Notes 
The Issuer's obligations under the Notes and, if applicable, the Talons and Coupons relating to them 
constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall rank pari passu and without preference among 
themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and, if applicable, the Coupons 
relating to them shall, save for any exemptions, at all times rank at least equally with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Issuer present and future. However, 
as unsecured obligations, the Notes and, if applicable, the Talons and Coupons relating to them will, on 
winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer, rank junior in priority to any secured obligations of the Issuer, 
and if the Issuer is insolvent a Noteholder may lose all or some of his or her investment. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to 
convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rates Notes tied to the same 
reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. 
If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be 
lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of the Notes linked to such 
"benchmarks" 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), 
Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate ("NIBOR") and any other interest rate or other types of rates and 
indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of ongoing national and international 
regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst 
others are still to be implemented.  
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of EURIBOR, LIBOR 
and NIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European 
Money Markets Institute, the administrator of EURIBOR, and Norske Finansielle Referanser AS, the 
administrator of NIBOR, are included in ESMA's register of administrators under the EU Benchmark 
Regulation. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of LIBOR are not included in 
ESMA's register of administrators under the EU Benchmark Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, 
the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmark Regulation apply, such that ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited are not currently required to obtain authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence, as applicable. 
The EU Benchmark Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU.  
The UK Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data 
to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK.  The EU Benchmark Regulation or the UK 
Benchmark Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR, 
LIBOR, NIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation or UK 
Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or

--- Page 21 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 13 - 
70-41024446 
 
increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
contribute to certain benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain 
benchmarks or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain benchmarks. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms on 27 July 2017, the European Central Bank announced that 
it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free 
overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of 
financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro 
risk-free rates recommended €STR as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published 
for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to 
comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue 
in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative 
benchmark. 
The FCA announced in March 2021 the future cessation or loss of representativeness of 35 LIBOR 
benchmark settings published by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited from 31 December 2021.  
The elimination of the LIBOR benchmark or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation 
provisions of the Conditions (as further described in Condition 5.5 (Benchmark Discontinuation)), or 
result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating 
Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR, LIBOR, NIBOR or any other such benchmark 
that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as 
to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely 
affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the 
trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out below provide for certain fallback arrangements in the 
event that a published benchmark, such as LIBOR, EURIBOR or NIBOR, (including any page on which 
such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable, including the 
possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and 
that such successor rate or alternative rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, 
to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. In certain 
circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of 
a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen 
Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative 
reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Further, if a successor rate or alternative rate (or an applicable adjustment spread) is determined in 
accordance with the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out below, the Issuer may vary the Terms 
and Conditions and/or the Trust Deed as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such rate or spread, 
as applicable, without the consent or approval of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Notes. Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any 
investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a 'Green Bond', there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the specific investment criteria of an investor 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may describe such Notes as 'Green 
Bonds', signifying that it is the Issuer's intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Notes 
specifically for projects and activities that promote climate friendly and other environmental purposes 
("Green Projects"). Prospective investors should have regard to the information in this Base Prospectus 
regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information 
for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor

--- Page 22 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 14 - 
70-41024446 
 
deems necessary. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such 
proceeds for any Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by its own by- laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with 
regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, 
the subject of or related to, any Green Projects). Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently 
no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what 
constitutes, a "green" or "sustainable" or an equivalently labelled project, or as to what precise attributes 
are required for a particular project to be defined as "green" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent 
label, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or 
related to, any Green Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives (including any related to Regulation 
(EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment or Regulation 
(EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) or that any adverse 
environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any project(s) 
or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects. The Issuer has established and published a Green 
Bond Framework on its website (https://www.norsketog.no/en/investor-relations) which specifies that 
the relevant proceeds raised from the issuance of Green Bonds will be used to finance and/or refinance 
Green Projects.  Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Green 
Bond Framework and the relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and seek advice from 
their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of any Notes 
before deciding to invest. 
CICERO Shades of Green AS provided a second opinion on the Issuer's Green Bond Framework on 22 
November 2019 (the "CICERO Opinion"). While the CICERO Opinion rates the Issuer's Green Bond 
Framework as 'CICERO Dark Green' (such a rating is allocated to projects and solutions that correspond 
to the long-term vision of a low carbon and climate resilient future), and rates the governance procedures 
in the Issuer's Green Bond Framework as 'good', no assurance or representation is given as to the 
suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party 
(whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of 
any Notes and in particular with any Green Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social 
and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification (i) is not, nor shall be 
deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus, (ii) is not, nor should be deemed 
to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such 
Notes and (iii) would only be current as at the date that it was initially issued. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information 
contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment 
in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other 
person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or 
its investments are required to comply, for example with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green Projects. 
Additionally, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary 
from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given 
or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will 
be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will 
be maintained during the life of such Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes described as 'Green Bonds' in, 
or substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus, there can be no assurance that the 
relevant project(s) or use(s) (including those the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects) will be 
capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing 
schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such project(s) or 
use(s). Nor can there be any assurance that any Green Projects will be completed within any specified 
period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally

--- Page 23 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 15 - 
70-41024446 
 
expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event 
of Default under such Notes.  
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any project(s) or use(s), 
including any Green Projects, and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification as described above or 
any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any 
matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no 
longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may 
have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other 
Notes which are intended to finance Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 24 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
 
10215153600-v28 
- 16 - 
70-41024446 
 
Documents Incorporated By Reference 
The following documents shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
Document 
Page Reference 
Base Prospectus dated 7 October 2020 available at https://www.norsketog.no/assets/files/2020-
Base-Prospectus.pdf  
Terms and Conditions of the Notes                                                                                       20-50 
Base Prospectus dated 6 June 2019 available at https://www.norsketog.no/assets/files/2019-Base-
Prospectus.pdf  
• 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
26-57 
Base Prospectus dated 26 April 2018 available at https://www.norsketog.no/assets/files/2018-Base-
Prospectus.pdf 
• 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
22-46 
Annual 
Report 
2019 
available 
at 
https://www.norsketog.no/assets/files/NT-Annual-
report_2019.pdf  
• 
Financial statements (prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards ("IFRS") and International Financial Reporting 
Interpretations Committee ("IFRIC") interpretation as approved by the 
EU) as at and for the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
• 
Income statement 
78 
• 
Overview financial position 
79 
• 
Cash flow statement 
80 
• 
Equity 
81 
• 
Notes to financial statements 
82-111 
• 
Auditors' Report 
114-117 
Annual Report 2020 available at 
https://www.norsketog.no/assets/files/13682_NT_Arsrapport_2020_ENG_web.pdf  
• 
Financial statements (prepared in accordance with IFRS and IFRIC 
interpretation as approved by the EU) as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2020 
 
• 
Income statement 
76 
• 
Overview financial position 
77 
• 
Cash flow statement 
78 
• 
Equity 
79 
• 
Notes to financial statements 
80-107 
• 
Auditors' Report 
110-113

--- Page 25 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
 
10215153600-v28 
- 17 - 
70-41024446 
 
Document 
Page Reference 
Half-year Report 2021 available at https://www.norsketog.no/assets/files/Norske-Tog_Q2-
21_ENG.pdf  
• 
Unaudited financial statements (prepared in accordance with IFRS and 
IFRIC interpretation as approved by the EU) as at and for the six months 
ended 30 June 2021 
 
• 
Income statement 
12 
• 
Overview financial position 
13 
• 
Cash flow statement 
14 
• 
Development in equity 
15 
• 
Notes to financial statements 
16-21 
 
For the purposes of Article 19(1) of the Prospectus Regulation, any information not incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus but contained in one of the documents listed above is either deemed not 
relevant for an investor or is otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the 
Issuer's website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus 
may 
be 
inspected, 
free 
of 
charge, 
at 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.norsketog.no/en/investor-relations and will also be published on www.bourse.lu.

--- Page 26 ---
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 18 - 
70-41024446 
 
Use of Proceeds  
The net proceeds of each issue of Notes will be used by the Issuer for general corporate purposes and, if 
the relevant Notes are referred to as Green Bonds (as defined below) in the relevant Final Terms, for projects 
and activities that promote climate friendly and other environmental purposes ("Green Projects"). 
Where the net proceeds of an issue of Notes are to be used for Green Projects in accordance with criteria 
set out in the Issuer's Green Bond Framework, such Notes may be referred to as "Green Bonds" in the title 
of the relevant Final Terms. The Green Bond Framework sets out, amongst other things, the type of projects 
and investments that are eligible for allocation of proceeds raised from Green Bonds, the process around 
selection and approval of allocation of proceeds to Green Projects and how the Issuer will manage and 
report on the proceeds of its Green Bonds. The Green Bond Framework is available on the investor relations 
section of the Issuer's website (https://www.norsketog.no/en/investor-relations).

--- Page 27 ---
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 19 - 
70-41024446 
 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus 
If at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which may affect the 
assessment of any Notes whose inclusion would reasonably be required by investors for the purpose of 
making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and 
prospects of the Issuer and the rights attaching to the Notes, the Issuer will prepare a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus in connection with any subsequent offering of 
the Notes. The Issuer shall submit such supplement to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier 
in Luxembourg for approval.

--- Page 28 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 20 - 
70-41024446 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which as completed in relation to any Notes by 
the relevant Final Terms, will be applicable to each Series of Notes: 
The Notes are constituted by a trust deed dated 7 October 2020 (the "Trust Deed", which expression shall 
include any amendments or supplements thereto or any restatements thereof) made between Norske tog AS 
(the "Issuer") and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (the "Trustee", which expression shall 
include all persons for the time being the Trustee or Trustees of the Trust Deed). The Notes (other than 
VPS Notes) are the subject of an issuing and paying agency agreement dated 7 October 2020 (the "Agency 
Agreement", which expression shall include any amendments or supplements thereto or any restatement 
thereof) made between the Issuer, the Trustee, The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch in its 
capacity as principal paying agent (the "Principal Paying Agent", which expression shall include any 
successor to The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch in its capacity as such) and as transfer agent, 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch in its capacity as registrar (the "Registrar", 
which expression shall include any successor to The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch in its capacity as such) and The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as paying 
agent (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include any 
successor or additional paying agents appointed in accordance with the Agency Agreement) and as transfer 
agent (together with the transfer agent mentioned above, the "Transfer Agents", which expression shall 
include any successor or additional transfer agents appointed in accordance with the Agency Agreement). 
For the purposes of making determinations or calculations of interest rates, interest amounts, redemption 
amounts or any other matters requiring determination or calculation in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of any Series of Notes (as defined below), the Issuer may appoint a calculation agent (the 
"Calculation Agent") for the purposes of such Notes, in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed 
and the Agency Agreement, and such Calculation Agent shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the specified office of each of the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer 
Agents. All persons from time to time entitled to the benefit of obligations under any Notes shall be deemed 
to have notice of, and shall be bound by, all of the provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement 
insofar as they relate to the relevant Notes. Certain provisions of these Terms and Conditions are summaries 
of the Trust Deed and subject to its detailed provisions. 
The Notes are issued in series (each, a "Series"), and each Series may comprise one or more tranches 
("Tranches" and each, a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche will be the subject of final terms ("Final 
Terms"), a copy of which will be available free of charge during normal business hours at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agent with a specified office in Luxembourg or, as the 
case may be, the Registrar. In the case of Notes to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, copies of 
the relevant Final Terms will also be available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). In the case of a Tranche of Notes in relation to which application has not been made for 
listing on any stock exchange, copies of the Final Terms will only be available for inspection by a 
Noteholder (as defined in Condition 2.1) of such Notes. 
References in these Terms and Conditions to Notes are to Notes of the relevant Series and any references 
to Coupons (as defined in Condition 1.2) are to Coupons relating to Notes of the relevant Series. 
References in these Terms and Conditions to the Final Terms are to the Final Terms prepared in relation to 
the Notes of the relevant Tranche or Series. 
In respect of any Notes, references herein to these Terms and Conditions are to these terms and conditions 
as completed by the Final Terms. 
1. 
Form and Denomination 
Form of Notes 
1.1 
Notes are issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or in registered form ("Registered Notes") or in 
uncertified book entry form ("VPS Notes"), as specified in the Final Terms. Bearer Notes are 
serially numbered. Registered Notes and VPS Notes are not exchangeable for Bearer Notes and 
VPS Notes are not exchangeable for Registered Notes.

--- Page 29 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 21 - 
70-41024446 
 
1.2 
Interest-bearing Bearer Notes have attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery coupons 
("Coupons"), presentation of which will be a prerequisite to the payment of interest save in certain 
circumstances specified herein. In addition, if so specified in the Final Terms, such Notes have 
attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery, a talon ("Talon") for further coupons and the 
expression "Coupons" shall, where the context so requires, include Talons. 
Denomination of Bearer Notes 
1.3 
Bearer Notes are in the denominations specified in the Final Terms (the "Specified 
Denominations") subject to a minimum denomination of EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes 
of any other Specified Denomination. 
Denomination of Registered Notes 
1.4 
Registered Notes are in the Specified Denominations specified in the Final Terms subject to a 
minimum denomination of EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Denomination of VPS Notes 
1.5 
VPS Notes are in the Specified Denomination specified in the Final Terms subject to a minimum 
denomination of EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Currency of Notes 
1.6 
The Notes are denominated in such currency as may be specified in the Final Terms. Any currency 
may be so specified, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements. 
2. 
Title and Transfer 
2.1 
Title to Bearer Notes and Coupons passes by delivery. References herein to the "Noteholders" of 
Bearer Notes or Coupons are to the bearers of such Bearer Notes or such Coupons. 
2.2 
Title to Registered Notes passes by registration in the register which the Issuer shall procure to be 
kept by the Registrar (the "Register"). References herein to the "Noteholders" of Registered Notes 
are to the persons in whose names such Registered Notes are so registered in the Register. A 
certificate (each a "Certificate") will be issued to each Noteholder in respect of its registered 
holding. Each Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be 
recorded in the Register. 
2.3 
Title to the VPS Notes passes by book entries in the records of the VPS, in accordance with the 
Norwegian Securities Depository Act of 15 March 2019 No. 6 (the "Norwegian Securities 
Depository Act") (as amended from time to time) and the rules and procedures of the VPS. On the 
issue of such VPS Notes, the Issuer will send a letter to the Trustee (the "VPS Letter"), with a 
copy sent to a VPS account manager to be appointed by the Issuer prior to the issue of any VPS 
Notes (the "VPS Account Manager"), which will set out the terms of the relevant issue of VPS 
Notes in the form of Final Terms attached to such VPS Notes. On delivery of a copy of such VPS 
Letter, including the applicable Final Terms, to the VPS and notification to the VPS of the 
subscribers and their VPS account details by the relevant Dealer, the VPS Account Manager will 
credit each subscribing account holder with the VPS with a nominal amount of VPS Notes equal 
to the nominal amount for which it has subscribed and paid. Settlement of transactions in the VPS 
will take place two Oslo business days after the date of the relevant transaction. References herein 
to the "Noteholders" of VPS Notes are to the persons in whose names such VPS Notes have been 
entered in the records of the VPS. 
2.4 
The Noteholder of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Registered Note will (except as otherwise required 
by applicable law or regulatory requirement) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes 
(whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest thereof 
or therein, any writing on the relevant Note or Certificate, or any theft or loss thereof) and no 
person shall be liable for so treating such Noteholder.

--- Page 30 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 22 - 
70-41024446 
 
Transfer of Registered Notes and exchange of Bearer Notes for Registered Notes 
2.5 
A Registered Note may, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency 
Agreement and further subject to the provisions of Conditions 2.8, be transferred in whole or in 
part only (provided that such part is, or is an integral multiple of, the minimum denomination 
specified in the Final Terms) upon the surrender of the relevant Certificate, together with the form 
of transfer endorsed on it duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar or 
any Transfer Agent. A new Certificate will be issued to the transferee and, in the case of a transfer 
of part only of a Registered Note, a new Certificate in respect of the balance not transferred will 
be issued to the transferor. 
2.6 
If so specified in the Final Terms and subject to the provisions of Conditions 2.8, the Noteholder 
of Bearer Notes may exchange the same for the same aggregate principal amount of Registered 
Notes upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement. In order to 
exchange a Bearer Note for a Registered Note, the Noteholder thereof shall surrender such Bearer 
Note at the specified office outside the United States of the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar 
or of any Transfer Agent together with a written request for the exchange. Each Bearer Note so 
surrendered must be accompanied by all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto other than the 
Coupon in respect of the next payment of interest falling due after the exchange date (as defined 
in Condition 2.7) where the exchange date would, but for the provisions of Condition 2.7, occur 
between the Record Date (as defined in Condition 9B.3) for such payment of interest and the date 
on which such payment of interest falls due. 
2.7 
A Certificate representing each new Registered Note or Notes to be issued upon the transfer of a 
Registered Note or the exchange of a Bearer Note for a Registered Note will, within three Relevant 
Banking Days of the transfer date or, as the case may be, the exchange date be available for 
collection by each relevant Noteholder at the specified office of the Registrar or the Transfer Agent 
(as the case may be) or, at the option of the Noteholder requesting such exchange or transfer be 
mailed (by uninsured post at the risk of the Noteholder(s) entitled thereto) to such address(es) as 
may be specified by such Noteholder. For these purposes, a form of transfer or request for exchange 
received by the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent or the Transfer Agent (as the case may be) 
after the Record Date in respect of any payment due in respect of Registered Notes shall be deemed 
not to be effectively received by the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent or the Transfer Agent 
(as the case may be) until the day following the due date for such payment. For the purposes of 
these Terms and Conditions, 
(a) 
"Relevant Banking Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the place where 
the specified office of the Registrar or the Transfer Agent is located and, in the case only 
of an exchange of a Bearer Note for a Registered Note where such request for exchange 
is made to the Principal Paying Agent, in the place where the specified office of the 
Principal Paying Agent is located; 
(b) 
the "exchange date" shall be the Relevant Banking Day following the day on which the 
relevant Bearer Note shall have been surrendered for exchange in accordance with 
Condition 2.6; and 
(c) 
the "transfer date" shall be the Relevant Banking Day following the day on which the 
relevant Registered Note shall have been surrendered for transfer in accordance with 
Condition 2.5. 
2.8 
The issue of new Registered Notes on transfer or on the exchange of Bearer Notes for Registered 
Notes will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Registrar or the Transfer Agent, but upon payment by the applicant of (or the giving by the 
applicant of such indemnity as the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Transfer 
Agent may require in respect of) any tax, duty or other governmental charges which may be 
imposed in relation thereto. 
2.9 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or a Bearer Note to 
be exchanged for a Registered Note during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for the 
payment of any principal or interest in respect of such Note.

--- Page 31 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 23 - 
70-41024446 
 
3. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and the Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer which will at all times rank pari 
passu and without any preference among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present 
and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, including guarantees given by 
the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both 
mandatory and of general application. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), the Issuer shall 
not, and shall procure that no member of the Group shall, create or permit to subsist any 
encumbrance other than a Permitted Security Interest over all or any of its present or future 
revenues or assets to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or to secure any guarantee by the Issuer or 
any member of the Group of any Relevant Indebtedness, without (a) at the same time or prior 
thereto securing the Notes or procuring that the Notes are secured equally and rateably therewith 
to the satisfaction of the Trustee or (b) by providing such other security as the Trustee may in its 
absolute discretion consider not to be materially less beneficial to the interest of the Noteholders 
or as may be approved by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of Noteholders. 
In these Conditions: 
an "encumbrance" shall be construed as a reference to (a) a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other 
encumbrance securing any obligation of any person, (b) any arrangement under which money or 
claims to, or the benefit of, a bank or other account may be applied, set-off or made subject to a 
combination of accounts so as to effect payment of sums owed or payable to any person or (c) any 
other type of preferential arrangement (including title transfer and retention arrangements) having 
a similar effect; 
"Group" means the Issuer and its subsidiaries for the time being; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means a Security Interest on the undertaking or assets of any Person 
existing at the time such Person is acquired by and becomes a Subsidiary of the Issuer, provided 
such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of such acquisition and the principal 
amount secured has not been increased in contemplation of or since such acquisition; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any indebtedness in the form of, or represented by, any note, 
bond, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument or security which at 
any time are (or at the time of issue, subscription or sale are intended to be), or are capable of 
being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other 
recognised securities market; and 
a "subsidiary" of a company (the "first Company") shall be construed as a reference to a company 
(the "second Company") if, as a result of agreement or by virtue of ownership of shares or 
participation in the second Company, the first Company has a controlling interest in the second 
Company; for the purposes of this definition, the first Company shall be deemed to have a 
"controlling interest" in the second Company if: 
(a) 
the number of shares owned by it, or its participants, in the second Company is such that 
it represents the majority of the votes in the second Company; or 
(b) 
it has the right to elect to, or remove from, office a majority of the members of the board 
of the second Company; 
provided always that in determining such voting rights, the rights held by the first Company and 
its subsidiaries shall be included, as well as rights held by a third party on behalf of the first 
Company or any of its subsidiaries.

--- Page 32 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 24 - 
70-41024446 
 
5. 
Interest 
Interest 
5.1 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing, as specified in the Final Terms. Words and 
expressions appearing in this Condition 5 and not otherwise defined herein or in the Final Terms 
shall have the meanings given to them in Condition 5.12. 
Interest-bearing Notes 
5.2 
Notes which are specified in the Final Terms as being interest-bearing shall bear interest from their 
Interest Commencement Date at the Interest Rate payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, 
subject as provided in Condition 9A (Payments – Bearer Notes) and Condition 9B (Payments – 
Registered Notes). Interest will cease to accrue as from the due date for redemption therefor unless 
upon due presentation or surrender thereof (if required), payment in full of the Redemption Amount 
(as defined in Condition 6.11) is improperly withheld or refused or default is otherwise made in 
the payment thereof in which case interest shall continue to accrue on the principal amount in 
respect of which payment has been improperly withheld or refused or default has been made (as 
well after as before any demand or judgment) at the Interest Rate then applicable or such other rate 
as may be specified for this purpose in the Final Terms until the date on which, upon due 
presentation or surrender of the relevant Note (if required), the relevant payment is made or, if 
earlier (except where presentation or surrender of the relevant Note is not required as a precondition 
of payment), the seventh day after the date on which, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or, 
as the case may be, the Trustee or the VPS Account Manager having received the funds required 
to make such payment, notice is given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 that the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the Trustee or the VPS Account 
Manager has received the required funds (except to the extent that there is failure in the subsequent 
payment thereof to the relevant Noteholder). 
Fixed Rate Notes 
5.3 
If the Final Terms specifies the Interest Rate applicable to the Notes to be Fixed Rate then the 
amount of interest payable in respect of each Calculation Amount for any Interest Period shall be 
the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount. 
Floating Rate Notes 
5.4 
If the Final Terms specifies the Interest Rate applicable to the Notes to be Floating Rate then the 
amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be determined in 
accordance with Condition 5.6 or 5.7. 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
5.5 
 
(a) 
Notwithstanding Condition 5.6, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference 
Rate when the Interest Rate (or any component part thereof) for any Interest Period 
remains to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 5.5(b)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 5.5(c)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 5.5(d)). 
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the other 
Paying Agents, the Trustee or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant 
to this Condition 5.5. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition

--- Page 33 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 25 - 
70-41024446 
 
5.5, in each case prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Reference Rate 
applicable to the immediate following Interest Period shall be determined by reference to 
the fallback provisions set out in Condition 5.6. For the avoidance of doubt, any 
adjustment pursuant to this final paragraph of Condition 5.5 shall apply to the 
determination of the Interest Rate applicable to the immediately following Interest Period 
only. Any subsequent Interest Period may be subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 5.5. 
(b) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 5.5(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference 
Rate to determine the Interest Rate (or relevant component thereof) for the 
immediately following Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, subject 
to the subsequent further operation of this Condition 5.5; or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5.5(c)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Interest Rate 
(or relevant component thereof) for the immediately following Interest Period and 
all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 5.5. 
(c) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be). 
(d) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 5.5 and the Independent Adviser determines in its 
discretion (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 5.5(e), without any requirement for the consent or approval of relevant 
Noteholders or Couponholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (and for the avoidance of 
doubt, the Principal Paying Agent and the other Paying Agents shall, at the direction and 
expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to the Agency 
Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this 
Condition 5.5). In addition, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate signed by 
two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5.5(f)(iii), the Trustee shall 
(at the expense of the Issuer), without the requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental 
to or amending the Trust Deed) and the Trustee shall not be liable to any party for any 
consequences thereof, provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur if in the 
sole opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or 
expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend rights 
and/or the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in these Conditions or the Trust 
Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Supplemental Trust Deed) in any way. 
(e) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5.5 will be notified promptly 
by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee, the Calculation Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.

--- Page 34 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 26 - 
70-41024446 
 
(f) 
No later than notifying the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee (as applicable) of the same, 
the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories 
of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor 
Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where 
applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any relevant 
Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 5.5; 
(ii) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread; and 
(iii) 
certifying that (i) the Issuer has duly consulted with an Independent Adviser with 
respect to each of the matters above or, if that is not the case, (ii) explaining, in 
reasonable detail, why the Issuer has not done so. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without inquiry and without 
liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the determination of 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and such 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Trustee's ability to rely on 
such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders as of their effective date. 
(g) 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5.5(a), (b), (c) and (d), 
the Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in the definition of the term 
"Reference Rate" will continue to apply unless and until the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Trustee and the Calculation Agent have been notified of the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments in 
accordance with Condition 5.5(e). 
(h) 
As used in this Condition 5.5: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) 
to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(iii) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be 
appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5.5(b) is customary in market usage in

--- Page 35 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 27 - 
70-41024446 
 
the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in respect of bonds denominated in the 
Specified Currency. 
"Authorised Signatories" has the meaning given in the Trust Deed; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.5(a); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five (5) 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Reference 
Rate and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in 
(B)(i)); or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Reference Rate, that the Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Reference Rate 
will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued 
and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (D)(i); 
or 
(v) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Reference Rate 
will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes, in each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date 
falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (E)(i); or 
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for 
any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the 
Reference Rate; or 
(vii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Reference Rate announcing that such Reference Rate is no longer representative 
or may no longer be used; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in 
each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 5.5(a); 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned

--- Page 36 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 28 - 
70-41024446 
 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof; 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
Screen Rate Determination 
5.6 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, the Interest Rate applicable to the Notes for each Interest 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(a) 
if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, EURIBOR or NIBOR, or a composite quotation or 
customarily supplied by one entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference 
Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(b) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to a straight-line linear interpolation of two rates which 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where: 
(i) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(ii) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of 
time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate such rate at such time 
and by reference to such sources as the Issuer (in consultation with an 
Independent Adviser (as defined in Condition 5.5(a) above)) determines to be 
appropriate for such purposes; 
(c) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(d) 
if, in the case of (a) or (b) above, such rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page 
or, in the case of (c) above, fewer than two such rates appear on the Relevant Screen Page 
or if, in the case of (a), (b) or (c) the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation 
Agent will: 
(i) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in that market at that time; and 
(ii) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(e) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, and the Interest Rate for 
such Interest Period shall be the sum of the relevant margin (the "Relevant Margin")

--- Page 37 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 29 - 
70-41024446 
 
specified in the Final Terms and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so 
determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a 
rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions 
in relation to any Interest Period, the Interest Rate applicable to such Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Relevant Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) 
the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to such Notes in respect of the last 
preceding Interest Period. 
ISDA Determination 
5.7 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Interest 
Rate(s) is/are to be determined, the Interest Rate applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period 
will be the sum of the Relevant Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation 
to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the relevant 
Floating Rate Option is based on LIBOR for a currency, the first day of that Interest Period 
or (B) in any other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(d) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on 
the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(i) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; and 
(ii) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall calculate such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as the Issuer in consultation with an Independent Adviser (as defined in 
Condition 5.5(a) above) determines appropriate. 
Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate 
5.8 
If any Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the Final Terms, then the Interest Rate 
shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
Accrual of Interest 
5.9 
Interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Principal Amount of each Note during each Interest Period 
from the Interest Commencement Date. Interest will cease to accrue as from the due date for 
redemption therefor unless upon due presentation or surrender thereof (if required), payment in 
full of the Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 6.11) is improperly withheld or refused 
or default is otherwise made in the payment thereof in which case interest shall continue to accrue 
on the principal amount in respect of which payment has been improperly withheld or refused or 
default has been made (as well after as before any demand or judgment) at the Interest Rate then 
applicable or such other rate as may be specified for this purpose in the Final Terms until the date

--- Page 38 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 30 - 
70-41024446 
 
on which, upon due presentation or surrender of the relevant Note (if required), the relevant 
payment is made or, if earlier (except where presentation or surrender of the relevant Note is not 
required as a precondition of payment), the seventh day after the date on which, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the Trustee or the VPS Account Manager 
having received the funds required to make such payment, notice is given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 that the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or, as the case may 
be, the Trustee or the VPS Account Manager has received the required funds (except to the extent 
that there is failure in the subsequent payment thereof to the relevant Noteholder). 
Interest Amount(s), Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
5.10 
If a Calculation Agent is specified in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent, as soon as practicable 
after the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date (or such other time on such date as 
the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any Redemption Amount, obtain any quote or 
make any determination or calculation) will determine the Interest Rate and calculate the amount(s) 
of interest payable (the "Interest Amount(s)") in respect of each Specified Denomination or, if 
the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination, the Calculation 
Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination 
(in the case of Bearer Notes) and the minimum denomination (in the case of Registered Notes or 
VPS Notes) for the relevant Interest Period, calculate the Redemption Amount, obtain such quote 
or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Interest Rate and the 
Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as the case 
may be, the Redemption Amount to be notified to the Principal Paying Agent, the Trustee, the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes), the VPS Account Manager (in the case of VPS Notes), 
the Issuer, the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 and, if the Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their 
determination or calculation but in no event later than the fourth London Banking Day thereafter 
or, if earlier in the case of notification to the stock exchange, the time required by the relevant stock 
exchange, (which shall be no later than the first day of the Interest Period in respect of any 
notification required to be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange). The Interest Amounts and 
the Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event 
of an extension or shortening of an Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under 
Condition 7, the Interest Rate and the accrued interest payable in respect of the Notes shall 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no 
publication of the Interest Rate or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless the 
Trustee (in its absolute discretion) otherwise requires. 
The Issuer will procure that there shall at all times be a Calculation Agent, if provision is made for 
one in the Terms and Conditions. 
If the Calculation Agent is incapable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails 
duly to establish the Interest Rate for any Interest Period or to calculate the Interest Amounts or 
any other requirements, the Issuer shall (with the prior approval of the Trustee) appoint a leading 
bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap 
or over-the-counter index options market) to act as such in its place. 
The determination of each Interest Rate, Interest Amount and Redemption Amount, the obtaining 
of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent 
shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon the Issuer, the Trustee and the 
Noteholders and none of the Calculation Agent, the Trustee and any Reference Bank shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) have any liability to the Noteholders in respect of any determination, 
calculation, quotation or rate made or provided by it. 
Calculations and Adjustments 
5.11 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by applying 
the Interest Rate to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure as specified below and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction 
equal to the Outstanding Principal Amount of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation 
Amount, save that (i) if the Final Terms specifies a specific amount in respect of such period, the

--- Page 39 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 31 - 
70-41024446 
 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period will be equal to such specified 
amount and (ii) in the case of Notes where the Interest Rate is fixed, unless otherwise specified in 
the Final Terms, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 
months of 30 days each, and in the case of an incomplete month, the number of days elapsed or on 
such other basis as may be agreed, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Terms and Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. 
being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States Dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), 
(c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded 
downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any 
other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two 
decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
Definitions 
5.12 
"Additional Business Centre" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Applicable Business Day Convention" means the "Business Day Convention" which may be 
specified in the Final Terms as applicable to any date in respect of the Notes. Where the Final 
Terms specifies "No Adjustment" in relation to any date, such date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention. Where the Final Terms fails either to specify an 
applicable Business Day Convention or "No Adjustment" for the purposes of an Interest Payment 
Date, then in the case of Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate, "No Adjustment" shall be deemed 
to have been so specified and in the case of Notes which bear interest at a floating rate, the Modified 
Following Business Day Convention shall be deemed to have been so specified. Different Business 
Day Conventions may apply, or be specified in relation to, the Interest Payment Dates and any 
other date or dates in respect of any Notes; 
"Additional Financial Centre" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Banking Day" means, in respect of any city, any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are generally open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in that city; 
"Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business and settle payments generally in the Relevant 
Financial Centre in respect of the relevant Notes or, in relation to Notes payable in euro, a TARGET 
Settlement Day; 
"Business Day Convention" means a convention for adjusting any date if it would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day and the following Business Day Conventions, where specified 
in the Final Terms in relation to any date applicable to any Notes, shall have the following 
meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that such date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that such date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a 
Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will 
be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that such date shall be brought forward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day; and 
(d) 
"FRN Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that each such date shall be the 
date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month

--- Page 40 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 32 - 
70-41024446 
 
which is the number of months specified in the Final Terms as the Specified Period after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred, provided however that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was 
a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after 
the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
("Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual – (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(d) 
if "30/360" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day count Fraction=
[360x(Y2-Y1)]+[30x(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30";

--- Page 41 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 33 - 
70-41024446 
 
(e) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day count Fraction=
[360x(Y2-Y1)]+[30x(M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; and 
(f) 
if "Actual/Actual – (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding 
the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published 
by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from 
time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the 
administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of 
designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a 
panel of contributor banks (details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated 
distributor); 
"Euro", "EUR" or "€" means, the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) 
No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended;

--- Page 42 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 34 - 
70-41024446 
 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date of issue of the Notes (as specified in the Final 
Terms) or such other date as may be specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" means such date(s) as may be specified in the Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the Final Terms and, if an 
Applicable Business Day Convention is specified in the Final Terms, 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the Applicable Business Day Convention; 
or 
(b) 
if the Applicable Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention or Eurodollar 
convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the Final Terms 
as being the Interest Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN 
Convention or Eurodollar convention at such Specified Period of calendar months 
following the Interest Commencement Date of the Notes (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each successive period beginning on and including an Interest Payment 
Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date provided always 
that the first Interest Period shall commence on and include the Interest Commencement Date and 
the final Interest Period shall end on but exclude the date of final maturity; 
"Interest Rate" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) or amount or 
amounts (expressed as a price per unit of relevant currency) of interest payable in respect of the 
Notes specified in, or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the Final 
Terms; 
"ISDA Benchmarks Supplement" means the Benchmarks Supplement (as amended and updated 
as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms)) published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated 
as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms)) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
including, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"LIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the London interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time 
to time of Intercontinental Exchange Benchmark Administration Limited (or any other person 
which takes over the administration of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for 
a number of designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such 
currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic LIBOR rates can be obtained from the 
designated distributor); 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"NIBOR" means, in respect of Norwegian Kroner and for any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Norwegian interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Global Rate Set Systems Ltd.) in accordance with the

--- Page 43 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 35 - 
70-41024446 
 
requirements from time to time of Norske Finansielle Referanser AS based on estimated interbank 
borrowing rates for Norwegian Kroner for a number of designated maturities which are provided 
by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic NIBOR rates can be obtained from the 
designated distributor); 
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means, in respect of a Note, its principal amount; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Union or the UK as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected 
(in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation 
Agent; 
"Reference Banks" means such banks as may be specified in the Final Terms as the Reference 
Banks or, if none are specified, "Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the ISDA Definitions, 
mutatis mutandis; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR, LIBOR or NIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means such financial centre or centres as may be specified in the 
Final Terms; 
"Relevant Time" means the time as of which any rate is to be determined as specified in the Final 
Terms or, if none is specified, at which it is customary to determine such rate; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to the Reference Rate; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 44 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 36 - 
70-41024446 
 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 
November 2007; and 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which the TARGET2 is open for the settlement 
of payments in euro. 
Non-Interest Bearing (Zero Coupon) Notes 
5.13 
If any Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 6.11) in respect of any Note which is 
non-interest bearing is not paid when due, interest shall accrue on the overdue amount at a rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage per annum) equal to the Amortisation Yield defined in the Final 
Terms or at such other rate as may be specified for this purpose in the Final Terms until the date 
on which, upon due presentation or surrender of the relevant Note or Certificate (if required), the 
relevant payment is made or, if earlier (except where presentation or surrender of the relevant Note 
is not required as a precondition of payment), the seventh day after the date on which, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Registrar, or, as the case may be, the VPS Account Manager or the Trustee 
having received the funds required to make such payment, notice is given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 that the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or, as the case may 
be, the VPS Account Manager or the Trustee has received the required funds (except to the extent 
that there is failure in the subsequent payment thereof to the relevant Noteholder). The amount of 
any such interest shall be calculated in accordance with the provisions of Condition 5.10 as if the 
Interest Rate was the Amortisation Yield, the Outstanding Principal Amount was the overdue sum 
and the Day Count Fraction was as specified for this purpose in the Final Terms or, if not so 
specified, 30E/360 (as defined in Condition 5.12). 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
Redemption at Maturity 
6.1 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled or unless such Note is stated in the Final 
Terms as having no fixed maturity date, each Note will be redeemed at its maturity redemption 
amount (the "Maturity Redemption Amount") (which shall be its Outstanding Principal Amount) 
on the date or dates (or, in the case of Notes which bear interest at a floating rate of interest, on the 
date or dates upon which interest is payable) specified in the Final Terms. 
Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
6.2 
If, in relation to any Series of Notes, the Issuer satisfies the Trustee that (i) as a result of any change 
in the relevant laws, regulations or rulings of the Kingdom of Norway ("Norway") or of any 
political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax or 
in the interpretation or administration of any such laws, regulations or rulings which becomes 
effective on or after the date of issue of such Notes or any other date specified in the Final Terms, 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 8 and, 
(ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, the 
Issuer may, at its option and having given no less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice (ending, 
in the case of Notes which bear interest at a floating rate, on a day upon which interest is payable) 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all 
(but not some only) of the outstanding Notes comprising the relevant Series at their early tax 
redemption amount (the "Early Redemption Amount (Tax)") (which shall be their Outstanding 
Principal Amount or, in the case of Notes which are non-interest bearing, their Amortised Face 
Amount (as defined in Condition 6.12) together with accrued interest (if any) thereon provided, 
however, that no such notice of redemption may be given earlier than 90 days (or, in the case of 
Notes which bear interest at a floating rate a number of days which is equal to the aggregate of the 
number of days falling within the then current interest period applicable to the Notes plus 60 days) 
prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were 
a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.2, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer 
is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the

--- Page 45 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 37 - 
70-41024446 
 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (B) an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing (satisfactory to the Trustee) to the effect that the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 6.2, the Issuer 
shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 6.2. 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior 
exercise by the Noteholder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note under 
Condition 6.7. 
Optional Early Redemption (Call) 
6.3 
If this Condition 6.3 is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable, then the Issuer may, having 
given the appropriate notice to the Noteholders and having notified the Trustee prior to the 
provision of such notice, redeem all (but not, unless and to the extent that the Final Terms specifies 
otherwise, some only) of the Notes of the relevant Series at their call early redemption amount (the 
"Early Redemption Amount (Call)") (which shall be their (i) Outstanding Principal Amount or, 
in the case of Notes which are non-interest bearing, their Amortised Face Amount (as defined in 
Condition 6.12) or such other redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the Final Terms, or (ii) if Make Whole Redemption Price is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Make Whole Redemption 
Price), together with accrued interest (if any) thereon on the date specified in such notice. 
The "Make Whole Redemption Price" will be an amount equal to the higher of: 
(a) 
if spens amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (i) 100 per 
cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the nominal 
amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed multiplied by the price, as reported to the 
Issuer by the Determination Agent, at which the Gross Redemption Yield on such Notes 
on the Reference Date is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield (determined by reference 
to the middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the Reference 
Bond plus the Redemption Margin; or 
(b) 
if Make Whole Redemption Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, (i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed 
or (ii) the sum of the present values of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be 
redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued 
to the date of redemption) and such present values shall be calculated by discounting such 
amounts to the date of redemption on an annual basis (based on the Day Count Fraction 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) at the Reference Bond Rate plus the Redemption 
Margin, 
all as determined by the Determination Agent, provided however that, in the case of either (a) or 
(b) above, if the Call Option Date occurs on or after the Par Redemption Date (if any) specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Make-Whole Redemption Price will be equal to 100 per cent. of the 
principal amount of the Notes. 
In this Condition 6.3: 
"DA Selected Bond" means a government security or securities selected by the Determination 
Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the Remaining Term of the 
Notes, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency 
and of a comparable maturity to the Remaining Term of the Notes; 
"Determination Agent" means an independent adviser, investment bank or financial institution of 
international standing selected by the Issuer (as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such 
security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out 
by the UK Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from 
Yields", page 4, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts"; "Double dated and

--- Page 46 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 38 - 
70-41024446 
 
Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" (published 8 June 
1998, as amended or updated from time to time) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted 
to an annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places) or on such other basis 
as the relevant Dealer(s) may approve; 
"Quotation Time" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Redemption Margin" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Bond" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the DA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any date of redemption, (a) the arithmetic average 
of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding 
the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the 
Determination Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) for the Remaining Term or interpolated 
yield for the Remaining Term (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming 
a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the 
Reference Bond Price for such date of redemption; 
"Reference Date" will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their 
affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or 
(B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date of redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by 
the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each 
case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted 
in writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
"Remaining Term" means the term to maturity or, if a Par Redemption Date is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, to such Par Redemption Date; and 
"Remaining Term Interest" means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the Remaining Term of such Note determined on the basis 
of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the date on which such Note is to 
be redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6.3. 
The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior 
exercise by the Noteholder thereof of its option to require the redemption of such Note under 
Condition 6.7. 
6.4 
The appropriate notice referred to in Condition 6.3 is a notice given by the Issuer to the Trustee, 
the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders of the Notes of the relevant Series in accordance 
with Condition 14, which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify: 
(a) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
(b) 
whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part only, the 
aggregate principal amount of and (except in the case of a Temporary Global Note or 
Permanent Global Note) the serial numbers of the Notes of the relevant Series which are 
to be redeemed; 
(c) 
the due date for such redemption, which shall be not less than 30 days nor more than 60 
days after the date on which such notice is given and which shall be such date or the next 
of such dates ("Call Option Date(s)") or a day falling within such period ("Call Option

--- Page 47 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 39 - 
70-41024446 
 
Period"), as may be specified in the Final Terms and which is, in the case of Notes which 
bear interest at a floating rate, a date upon which interest is payable; and 
(d) 
the Early Redemption Amount (Call) at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions 
precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Call Option Date 
may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the 
Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded 
in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in 
its sole discretion) by the Call Option Date, or by the Call Option Date so delayed. 
Clean-up Call Option 
6.5 
If the Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in the event 
that Notes representing an aggregate amount equal to or exceeding 80 per cent. of the principal 
amount of the Notes have been purchased and cancelled or redeemed by the Issuer (other than as 
a result of the exercise by the Issuer of its redemption right under Condition 6.3 (Optional Early 
Redemption (Call)) the Issuer may, on giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), redeem on the date specified in such notice all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes 
in that Series at their Clean-up Call Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
together with any interest accrued to but excluding the date set for redemption. 
Partial Redemption 
6.6 
If the Notes of a Series are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 6.3: 
(a) 
in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall be drawn by lot in such 
European city as the Principal Paying Agent may specify, or identified in such other 
manner or in such other place as the Trustee may approve and deem appropriate and fair; 
and 
(b) 
in the case of Registered Notes, the Notes shall be redeemed (so far as may be practicable) 
pro rata to their principal amounts, provided always that the amount redeemed in respect 
of each Note shall be equal to the minimum denomination thereof or an integral multiple 
thereof, 
(c) 
in the case of VPS Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with 
the rules of the VPS. 
subject always to compliance with all applicable laws and the requirements of any stock exchange 
on which the relevant Notes may be listed. 
In the case of the redemption of part only of a Registered Note, a new Registered Note in respect 
of the unredeemed balance shall be issued in accordance with Conditions 2.4 to 2.8 which shall 
apply as in the case of a transfer of Registered Notes as if such new Registered Note were in respect 
of the untransferred balance. 
Optional Early Redemption (Put) 
6.7 
If this Condition 6.7 is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable, then the Issuer shall, upon 
the exercise of the relevant option by the Noteholder of any Note of the relevant Series, redeem 
such Note on the date specified in the relevant Put Notice (as defined below) at its put early 
redemption amount (the "Early Redemption Amount (Put)") (which shall be its Outstanding 
Principal Amount or, if such Note is non-interest bearing, its Amortised Face Amount (as defined 
in Condition 6.12) or such other redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the Final Terms), together with accrued interest (if any) thereon. 
In order to exercise such option, the Noteholder must, not less than 45 days before the date on 
which such redemption is required to be made as specified in the Put Notice (which date shall be 
such date or the next of the dates ("Put Date(s)") or a day falling within such period ("Put Period")

--- Page 48 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 40 - 
70-41024446 
 
as may be specified in the Final Terms), deposit the relevant Note or Certificate (together, in the 
case of an interest-bearing Note in bearer form, with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto 
other than any Coupon maturing on or before the date of redemption (failing which the provisions 
of Condition 9A.6 apply)) during normal business hours at the specified office of, in the case of a 
Bearer Note, any Paying Agent or, in the case of a Registered Note, the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent together with a duly completed early redemption notice ("Put Notice") in the form which is 
available from the specified office of any of the Paying Agents, the Registrar or, as the case may 
be, any Transfer Agent specifying, in the case of a Registered Note, the aggregate principal amount 
in respect of which such option is exercised (which must be the minimum denomination specified 
in the Final Terms or an integral multiple thereof) or, in the case of VPS Notes, the Noteholder 
must deposit with the VPS Account Manager or the Issuer at its specified office a duly completed 
option exercise notice in the form obtainable from the Paying Agent or the VPS Account Manager. 
No Note or Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided 
in the Agency Agreement). 
In the case of the redemption of part only of a Registered Note, a new Certificate in respect of the 
unredeemed balance shall be issued in accordance with Conditions 2.4 to 2.8 which shall apply as 
in the case of a transfer of Registered Notes as if such new Certificate were in respect of the 
untransferred balance. 
The Noteholder may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of an 
exercise by the Issuer of its option to redeem such Note under either Condition 6.2 or 6.3. 
Purchase of Notes 
6.8 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price provided that all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith. 
Cancellation of Redeemed and Purchased Notes 
6.9 
All unmatured Notes and Coupons and unexchanged Talons redeemed or purchased, otherwise 
than in the ordinary course of business of dealing in securities or as a nominee in accordance with 
this Condition 6 will be cancelled forthwith or in the case of VPS Notes, be deleted from the VPS, 
and may not be reissued or resold. 
Further Provisions applicable to Redemption Amount 
6.10 
The provisions of Condition 5.10 and the last paragraph of Condition 5.11 shall apply to any 
determination or calculation of the Redemption Amount required by the Final Terms to be made 
by the Calculation Agent. 
6.11 
References herein to "Redemption Amount" shall mean, as appropriate, the Maturity Redemption 
Amount (as defined in Condition 6.1), Early Redemption Amount (Tax) (as defined in Condition 
6.2), Early Redemption Amount (Call) (as defined in Condition 6.3), Early Redemption Amount 
(Put) (as defined in Condition 6.7) and Early Termination Amount (as defined in Condition 7.1) or 
such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the Final Terms. 
6.12 
In the case of any Note which is non-interest bearing, the "Amortised Face Amount" shall be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
the Reference Price specified in the Final Terms; and 
(b) 
the product of the Amortisation Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date specified in the Final Terms to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of the Day

--- Page 49 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 41 - 
70-41024446 
 
Count Fraction (as defined in Condition 5.10) specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this 
Condition 6.12. 
6.13 
In the case of any Note which is non-interest bearing, if any Redemption Amount (other than the 
Maturity Redemption Amount) is improperly withheld or refused or default is otherwise made in 
the payment thereof, the Amortised Face Amount shall be calculated as provided in Condition 6.12 
but as if references in subparagraph (b) to the date fixed for redemption or the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable were replaced by references to the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which, upon due presentation or surrender of the relevant Note or Certificate 
(if required), the relevant payment is made; and 
(b) 
(except where presentation or surrender of the relevant Note or Certificate is not required 
as a precondition of payment), the seventh day after the date on which, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the Trustee or the VPS Account 
Manager having received the funds required to make such payment, notice is given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 of that circumstance (except to the extent 
that there is a failure in the subsequent payment thereof to the relevant Noteholder). 
6.14 
If this Condition 6.14 is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable, then the Noteholder of 
any Note of the relevant Series shall be entitled to require the Issuer to redeem such Note in the 
manner and in the amount set out in Condition 6.7 (or in such other manner or amount specified in 
the Final Terms) in the event that the Issuer ceases to be wholly owned (directly or indirectly) by 
the Kingdom of Norway (such event, a "Change of Control") and the Issuer shall notify such 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 of such Change of Control not less than twenty days 
prior to the date upon which such Change of Control takes place. 
7. 
Events of Default 
7.1 
The Trustee may at its discretion, and if so requested in writing by the Noteholders of not less than 
25 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of such Series shall (subject in each case to 
being indemnified and/ or secured and/ or prefunded to its satisfaction) (but, in the case of the 
happening of any of the events mentioned in paragraphs (b) to (k) below inclusive, only if the 
Trustee shall have certified that, in its opinion, such event is materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders of such Series, provided that, such certification shall only be required in 
respect of Material Subsidiaries (and not the Issuer) in the case of paragraphs (d) and (e)) give 
notice to the Issuer that the Notes of such Series are, and they shall accordingly thereby become, 
immediately due and repayable at their early termination amount (the "Early Termination 
Amount") (which shall be their Outstanding Principal Amount or, if such Note is non-interest 
bearing, their Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 6.12)) together with accrued 
interest thereon as provided in the Trust Deed, if any of the following events occur (each, an "Event 
of Default"): 
(a) 
Failure to Pay: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes on 
the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the 
Notes on the due date for payment thereof and such failure to pay principal or interest is 
not remedied within seven calendar days; or 
(b) 
Other Obligations: the Issuer fails duly to perform or comply with any other obligation 
under or in respect of the Notes, the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement and (except in 
any case where the Trustee determines that such default is incapable of remedy when no 
such continuation or notice, as is hereinafter mentioned, will be required) such failure is 
not remedied within twenty calendar days (or such longer period as the Trustee in its sole 
discretion may permit) after written notice thereof has been delivered to the Issuer by the 
Trustee, requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
Cross Default: any indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is not 
paid when due or (as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period, any 
indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is declared to be or otherwise 
becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity or the Issuer or any of its Material

--- Page 50 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 42 - 
70-41024446 
 
Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any guarantee of any 
indebtedness, provided that, in each case, it shall not constitute an Event of Default if the 
aggregate amount of all such indebtedness is less than NOK 200,000,000 or an equivalent 
amount in another currency or currencies; or 
(d) 
Insolvency and Rescheduling: either the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes 
insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, commences negotiations with any 
one or more of its creditors with a view to the general readjustment or rescheduling of its 
indebtedness or makes a general assignment for the benefit of or a composition with its 
creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness or any guarantee 
of any indebtedness given by it (otherwise than, in the case of a Material Subsidiary, as a 
result of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring, in each case, 
whilst solvent); or 
(e) 
Winding-up: either the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries takes any corporate action 
or other steps are taken or legal proceedings are started for its winding-up, dissolution, 
administration or reorganisation or for the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, 
administrator, administrative receiver, conservator, custodian, trustee or similar officer of 
it or of any or all of its revenues and assets (otherwise than, in the case of a Material 
Subsidiary, as a result of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring, 
in each case, whilst solvent); or 
(f) 
Execution or Distress: any execution or distress is levied against, or an encumbrancer 
takes possession of, the whole or any part (in the opinion of the Trustee) of, the property, 
undertaking or assets of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, having an aggregate 
value exceeding NOK20,000,000 and which is not discharged within 30 calendar days 
thereof; or 
(g) 
Analogous Events: any event occurs which under the laws of any jurisdiction has a similar 
or analogous effect to any of those events mentioned in paragraphs (d) (Insolvency and 
Rescheduling), (e) (Winding-up) or (f) (Execution or Distress); or 
(h) 
Cessation of Business: the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases to carry on the 
business it carried on as at the date hereof (in the opinion of the Trustee) (otherwise than, 
in the case of a Material Subsidiary, as a result of or pursuant to an amalgamation, 
reorganisation or restructuring, in each case, whilst solvent); or 
(i) 
Repudiation: the Issuer repudiates its obligations in respect of the Notes or the Trust Deed; 
or 
(j) 
Validity and Admissibility: at any time any act, condition or thing required to be done, 
fulfilled or performed in order (a) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its 
rights under and perform the obligations expressed to be assumed by it under and in respect 
of the Notes or the Trust Deed, (b) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding 
and enforceable or (c) to make the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed admissible in 
evidence in Norway is not done, fulfilled or performed; or 
(k) 
Illegality: at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with 
any or all of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Trust Deed or any of the 
obligations of the Issuer thereunder are not or cease to be legal, valid and binding. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
"Material Subsidiaries" means each of the subsidiaries of the Issuer whose individual assets 
represent not less than ten per cent. of Total Assets or whose individual revenues (excluding intra-
group items) represent not less than ten per cent. of Group Total Operating Revenue (as defined in 
the latest annual financial statements of the Group); and 
"Total Assets" means at any time the aggregate value at that time of such of the Group's current 
assets, fixed assets and investments (excluding cross-border leases), determined at such time in 
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Norway and consistently applied and 
by reference to the most recently published financial statements of the Group.

--- Page 51 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 43 - 
70-41024446 
 
7.2 
No Noteholder of Notes of the relevant Series shall be entitled to take any of the actions referred 
to in Condition 7.1 except that if the Trustee, having become bound to take such action, fails to do 
so within a reasonable period. 
8. 
Taxation 
8.1 
All amounts payable (whether in respect of principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of the Notes 
will be made free and clear of and without withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by or on behalf of Norway or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts receivable by the Noteholder 
after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would have been 
receivable by such Noteholder in the absence of such withholding or deduction except that: 
(a) 
in the case of Bearer Notes no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any 
Note or Coupon presented for payment: 
(i) 
by a Noteholder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or 
charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the 
mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the relevant 
Noteholder would have been entitled to such additional amounts if it had 
presented the relevant Note or Coupon for payment on the last day of such period 
of 30 days. 
(b) 
in the case of Registered Notes, no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of 
any Note: 
(i) 
held by a Noteholder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of its having some 
connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or 
charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the 
mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
where (in the case of a payment of principal or interest which is conditional on 
surrender of the relevant Certificate in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions) the relevant Certificate is surrendered for payment more than 30 days 
after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant Noteholder would 
have been entitled to such additional amounts if it had surrendered the relevant 
Certificate on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms and Conditions, in no event will the Issuer be 
required to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes and/or the Coupons for, or on 
account of, any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, or any 
official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
8.2 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the "Relevant Date" means, in respect of any 
payment, the date on which such payment first becomes due and payable, but if the full amount of 
the moneys payable has not been received by the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or, as the 
case may be, the Trustee, on or prior to such due date, it means the first date on which, the full 
amount of such moneys having been so received and being available for payment to Noteholders, 
notice to that effect shall have been duly given to the Noteholders of the Notes of the relevant 
Series in accordance with Condition 14.

--- Page 52 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 44 - 
70-41024446 
 
8.3 
If the Issuer becomes subject generally at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than or in 
addition to Norway, references in Condition 6.2 and Condition 8.1 to Norway shall be read and 
construed as references to Norway and/or to such other jurisdiction(s). 
8.4 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to "principal" and/or "interest" in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed also to refer to any additional amounts which may be payable under this 
Condition 8. Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference in these Terms and Conditions 
to "principal" shall include any premium payable in respect of a Note, any Redemption Amount 
and any other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Terms and Conditions 
and "interest" shall include all amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 and any other amounts in 
the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Terms and Conditions. 
9. 
Payments 
9A 
Payments – Bearer Notes 
9A.1 
This Condition 9A is applicable in relation to Notes in bearer form. 
9A.2 
Payment of amounts (other than interest) due in respect of Bearer Notes will be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Bearer Notes at the specified office of any of the Paying 
Agents. 
9A.3 
Payment of amounts in respect of interest on Bearer Notes will be made: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes without Coupons attached thereto at the time of their initial delivery, 
against presentation of the relevant Notes at the specified office of any of the Paying 
Agents outside (unless Condition 9A.4 applies) the United States; and 
(b) 
in the case of Notes delivered with Coupons attached thereto at the time of their initial 
delivery, against surrender of the relevant Coupons or, in the case of interest due otherwise 
than on a scheduled date for the payment of interest, against presentation of the relevant 
Notes, in either case at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents outside (unless 
Condition 9A.4 applies) the United States. 
9A.4 
Payments of amounts due in respect of interest on the Notes and exchanges of Talons for Coupon 
sheets in accordance with Condition 9A.7 will not be made at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent in the United States (as defined in the United States Internal Revenue Code and Regulations 
thereunder) unless (a) payment is made in U.S. dollars, (b) payment in full of amounts due in 
respect of interest on such Notes when due or, as the case may be, the exchange of Talons at all 
the specified offices of the Paying Agents outside the United States is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (c) such payment or exchange is 
permitted by applicable United States law. If paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of the previous sentence 
apply, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a further Paying Agent with a specified office in New 
York City. 
9A.5 
If the due date for payment of any amount due in respect of any Note is not a Relevant Financial 
Centre Day and a Local Banking Day (each as defined in Condition 9C.3), then the Noteholder 
thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until the next day which is such a day, (or as 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms) and from such day and thereafter will be entitled to receive 
payment by cheque on any Local Banking Day, and will be entitled to payment by transfer to a 
designated account on any day which is a Local Banking Day, a Relevant Financial Centre Day 
and a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the relevant 
currency in the place where the relevant designated account is located and no further payment on 
account of interest or otherwise shall be due in respect of such delay or adjustment unless there is 
a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with these Terms and Conditions in which event interest 
shall continue to accrue as provided in Condition 5.9 or, if appropriate, Condition 5.13. 
9A.6 
Each Note initially delivered with Coupons or Talons attached thereto should be presented and, 
save in the case of partial payment of the Redemption Amount, surrendered for final redemption 
together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons relating thereto, failing which: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms specifies that this paragraph (i) of Condition 9A.6 is applicable (and, in 
the absence of specification, this paragraph (i) shall apply to Notes which bear interest at 
a fixed rate or rates or in fixed amounts) and subject as hereinafter provided, the amount

--- Page 53 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 45 - 
70-41024446 
 
of any missing unmatured Coupons (or, in the case of a payment not being made in full, 
that portion of the amount of such missing Coupon which the Redemption Amount paid 
bears to the total Redemption Amount due) (excluding, for this purpose, but without 
prejudice to paragraph (c) below, Talons) will be deducted from the amount otherwise 
payable on such final redemption, the amount so deducted being payable against surrender 
of the relevant Coupon at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents at any time 
within ten years of the Relevant Date applicable to payment of such Redemption Amount; 
(b) 
if the Final Terms specifies that this paragraph (ii) of Condition 9A.6 is applicable (and, 
in the absence of specification, this paragraph (ii) shall apply to Notes which bear interest 
at a floating rate or rates or in variable amounts) all unmatured Coupons (excluding, for 
this purpose, but without prejudice to paragraph (c) below, Talons) relating to such Notes 
(whether or not surrendered therewith) shall become void and no payment shall be made 
thereafter in respect of them; 
(c) 
in the case of Notes initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, all unmatured Talons 
(whether or not surrendered therewith) shall become void and no exchange for Coupons 
shall be made thereafter in respect of them. 
The provisions of paragraph (i) of this Condition 9A.6 notwithstanding, if any Notes should be 
issued with a maturity date and an Interest Rate or Rates such that, on the presentation for payment 
of any such Note without any unmatured Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith, the 
amount required by paragraph (i) to be deducted would be greater than the Redemption Amount 
otherwise due for payment, then, upon the due date for redemption of any such Note, such 
unmatured Coupons (whether or not attached) shall become void (and no payment shall be made 
in respect thereof) as shall be required so that, upon application of the provisions of paragraph (i) 
in respect of such Coupons as have not so become void, the amount required by paragraph (i) to 
be deducted would not be greater than the Redemption Amount otherwise due for payment. Where 
the application of the foregoing sentence requires some but not all of the unmatured Coupons 
relating to a Note to become void, the relevant Paying Agent shall determine which unmatured 
Coupons are to become void, and shall select for such purpose Coupons maturing on later dates in 
preference to Coupons maturing on earlier dates. 
9A.7 
In relation to Notes initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, on or after the due date for the 
payment of interest on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the Talon 
comprised in the Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside (unless Condition 9A.4 applies) the United States in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
(including any appropriate further Talon), subject to the provisions of Condition 10 below. Each 
Talon shall, for the purpose of these Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date 
on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
9B 
Payments – Registered Notes 
9B.1 
This Condition 9B is applicable in relation to Notes in registered form. 
9B.2 
Payment of the Redemption Amount (together with accrued interest) due in respect of Registered 
Notes will be made against presentation and, save in the case of partial payment of the Redemption 
Amount, surrender of the relevant Certificate at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent. If the due date for payment of the Redemption Amount of any Registered Note is not a 
Relevant Financial Centre Day (as defined in Condition 9C.3), then the Noteholder thereof will 
not be entitled to payment thereof until the next day which is such a day, and from such day and 
thereafter will be entitled to receive payment by cheque on any Local Banking Day, and, will be 
entitled to payment by transfer to a designated account on any day which is a Local Banking Day, 
a Relevant Financial Centre Day and a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in the relevant currency in the place where the relevant designated account 
is located and no further payment on account of interest or otherwise shall be due in respect of such 
postponed payment unless there is a subsequent failure to pay in accordance with these Terms and 
Conditions in which event interest shall continue to accrue as provided in Condition 5.7 or, as 
appropriate, Condition 5.11. 
9B.3 
Payment of amounts (whether principal, interest or otherwise) due (other than the Redemption 
Amount) in respect of Registered Notes will be paid to the Noteholder thereof (or, in the case of 
joint Noteholders, the first-named) as appearing in the Register as at opening of business (local

--- Page 54 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 46 - 
70-41024446 
 
time in the place of the specified office of the Registrar) on the fifteenth calendar day before the 
due date for such payment (the "Record Date"). 
9B.4 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 9C.2, payment of amounts (whether principal, interest 
or otherwise) due (other than the Redemption Amount) in respect of Registered Notes will be made 
in the currency in which such amount is due by cheque and posted to the address (as recorded in 
the Register of the Noteholder thereof (or, in the case of joint Noteholders, the first-named) on the 
Relevant Banking Day (as defined in Condition 2.6) not later than the relevant due date for payment 
unless prior to the relevant Record Date the Noteholder thereof (or, in the case of joint Noteholders, 
the first-named) has applied to the Registrar and the Registrar has acknowledged such application 
for payment to be made to a designated account denominated in the relevant currency in which 
case payment shall be made on the relevant due date for payment by transfer to such account. In 
the case of payment by transfer to an account, if the due date for any such payment is not a Relevant 
Financial Centre Day, then the Noteholder thereof will not be entitled to payment thereof until the 
first day thereafter which is a Relevant Financial Centre Day and a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the relevant currency in the place where the 
relevant designated account is located and no further payment on account of interest or otherwise 
shall be due in respect of such postponed payment unless there is a subsequent failure to pay in 
accordance with these Terms and Conditions in which event interest shall continue to accrue as 
provided in Condition 5.9 or, as appropriate, Condition 5.13. 
9C 
Payments – General Provisions 
9C.1 
Save as otherwise specified in these Terms and Conditions, this Condition 9C is applicable in 
relation to Notes whether in bearer or in registered form. 
9C.2 
Payments of amounts due (whether principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of Notes will be 
made in the currency in which such amount is due (a) by cheque or (b) at the option of the payee, 
by transfer to an account denominated in the relevant currency specified by the payee. Payments 
will be subject in all cases to (i) without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8, any applicable 
fiscal or other laws and regulations, and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
9C.3 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
(a) 
"Relevant Financial Centre Day" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
Relevant Financial Centre and in any other Relevant Financial Centre specified in the Final 
Terms or, in the case of payment in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day; and 
(b) 
"Local Banking Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are 
open for presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies in the place of presentation of the relevant Note or, as the case may be, Coupon. 
9C.4 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders of Notes or Coupons in respect 
of such payments. 
9D 
Payments – VPS Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes will be made to the Noteholders shown 
in the records of the VPS in accordance with and subject to the Norwegian Securities Depository 
Act and the rules and regulations from time to time governing the VPS. 
10. 
Prescription 
10.1 
Claims against the Issuer for payment of principal and interest in respect of Notes will be prescribed 
and become void unless made, in the case of principal, within ten years or, in the case of interest, 
five years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8.2) for payment thereof. 
10.2 
In relation to Definitive Notes initially delivered with Talons attached thereto, there shall not be 
included in any Coupon sheet issued upon exchange of a Talon any Coupon which would be void 
upon issue pursuant to Condition 9A.6 or the due date for the payment of which would fall after 
the due date for the redemption of the relevant Note or which would be void pursuant to this

--- Page 55 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 47 - 
70-41024446 
 
Condition 10 or any Talon the maturity date of which would fall after the due date for redemption 
of the relevant Note. 
11. 
The Paying Agents, the Registrar, the VPS Account Manager, the Transfer Agents and the 
Calculation Agent 
11.1 
The Calculation Agent in respect of any Notes shall be specified in the Final Terms. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time (with the prior written approval of the Trustee) to vary or terminate 
the appointment of any Paying Agent (including the Principal Paying Agent), the Registrar, the 
VPS Account Manager, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or 
other Paying Agents, another Registrar, another VPS Account Manager, additional or other 
Transfer Agents or another Calculation Agent provided that it will at all times maintain (i) a 
Principal Paying Agent, (ii) in the case of Registered Notes, a Registrar, (iii) a Paying Agent (or in 
the case of Registered Notes, a Transfer Agent) with a specified office in a European city, (iv) so 
long as the Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or any other stock 
exchange, a Paying Agent and a Registrar or Transfer Agent each with a specified office in 
Luxembourg and/or in such other place as may be required by the rules of such other stock 
exchange, (v) in the circumstances described in Condition 9A.4, a Paying Agent with a specified 
office in New York City, and (vi) a Calculation Agent where required by the Terms and Conditions 
applicable to any Notes (in the case of (i), (ii), (iii) and (vi) with a specified office located in such 
place (if any) as may be required by the Terms and Conditions) and (v) in the case of VPS Notes, 
a VPS Account Manager. The Paying Agents, the Registrar, the VPS Account Manager the 
Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent reserve the right at any time to change their respective 
specified offices to some other specified office in the same city. Notice of all changes in the 
identities or specified offices of any Paying Agent, the Registrar, the VPS Account Manager, any 
Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent will be given promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee and 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
11.2 
The Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as 
agents of the Issuer or, following notice in writing from the Trustee following the occurrence of an 
Event of Default or a Potential Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed), the Trustee and, 
save as provided in the Agency Agreement or any other agreement entered into with respect to its 
appointment, do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for any 
Noteholder of any Note or Coupon and each of them shall only be responsible for the performance 
of the duties and obligations expressly imposed upon it in the Agency Agreement or other 
agreement entered into with respect to its appointment or incidental thereto. 
12. 
Replacement of Notes 
If any Note, Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or any Paying Agents (in the case of 
Bearer Notes and Coupons) or of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered 
Notes) (each a "Replacement Agent"), subject to all applicable laws and the requirements of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are listed, upon payment by the claimant of all expenses 
incurred in connection with such replacement and upon such terms as to evidence, security, 
indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer and the Replacement Agent may require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes, Certificates and Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
delivered therefor. 
13. 
Meetings of Noteholders and Modification 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders of any Series to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including (without limitation) the modification by 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of these Terms and Conditions insofar as 
the same may apply to such Notes. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the 
Noteholders of Notes of any Series will be binding on all Noteholders of the Notes of such Series, 
whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all holders of Coupons relating to Notes of 
such Series. The Trust Deed contains provisions for the convening of a single meeting of 
Noteholders of the Notes of more than one Series where the Trustee so decides.

--- Page 56 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 48 - 
70-41024446 
 
The Trustee may (subject to certain exceptions) without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Coupons appertaining thereto (i) agree to any modification of these Terms and Conditions or of 
the Trust Deed (other than in respect of Reserved Matters (as defined in the Trust Deed)) which, 
in any case, in the opinion of the Trustee is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders or is of a formal, minor or technical nature or which is made to correct a manifest 
error, or (ii) waive or authorise any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of any of the provisions 
of these Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes or Coupons or the Trust Deed or determine 
that an Event of Default or a Potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such, provided that, 
in either case, in the Trustee's opinion, the Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced thereby. 
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on Noteholders of 
such Notes and of the Coupons appertaining thereto and, unless the Trustee otherwise agrees, the 
Issuer shall cause such modification to be notified to Noteholders of such Notes as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any modification in 
the circumstances and as set out in Condition 5.5(d) without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders. 
14. 
Notices 
To Noteholders of Bearer Notes 
14.1 
Notices to Noteholders of Bearer Notes will, save where another means of effective communication 
has been specified herein or in the Final Terms, be deemed to be validly given if (i) published in a 
leading daily newspaper having general circulation in London (which is expected to be the 
Financial Times) and (ii) in the case of any Notes which are listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) or published in a leading daily newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or (iii) (in the case of (i) or (ii)), if 
such publication is not practicable in the opinion of the Trustee, if published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe approved by the Trustee. The Issuer 
shall also ensure that notices are duly published in compliance with the requirements of each stock 
exchange on which the Notes are listed. Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly 
given on the date of first such publication (or, if required to be published in more than one 
newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required 
newspapers). Holders of Coupons will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of 
any notice given to holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition 14.1. 
To Noteholders of Registered Notes 
14.2 
Notices to Noteholders of Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail (or equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by air mail to them (or, in the case of joint 
Noteholders, to the first-named in the Register) at their respective addresses as recorded in the 
Register, and will be deemed to have been validly given on the fourth weekday after the date of 
such mailing or, if posted from another country, on the fifth such day. With respect to Registered 
Notes listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notices shall also be published in electronic 
form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or published in a leading 
daily newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the 
Luxemburger Wort) and, in addition to the foregoing, will be deemed validly given only after the 
date of such publication. 
To Noteholders of VPS Notes 
14.3 
Notices to Noteholders of VPS Notes shall be validly given if (i) published on the website of 
Stamdata (www.stamdata.com) or any successor thereto, and such notice will be deemed to be 
validly given on the date of publication, or (ii) otherwise given in accordance with the rules and 
regulations set out by the VPS as amended from time to time.

--- Page 57 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 49 - 
70-41024446 
 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, with the prior written consent of the Trustee but without the 
consent of the Noteholders of any Notes or Coupons, create and issue further notes having the same 
terms and conditions as such Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of 
interest, if any, on them, the issue date and/or the issue price thereof) so as to form a single series 
with the Notes of any particular Series. Any such further issue shall be constituted by a trust deed 
supplemental to the Trust Deed. 
16. 
Enforcement 
16.1 
At any time after the occurrence of an Event of Default the Trustee may, at its discretion and 
without further notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce 
the terms of the Trust Deed and the Notes, but it need not take any such proceedings unless (i) it 
shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by 
Noteholders holding at least one-quarter of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Notes then 
outstanding, and (ii) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction. No Noteholder of a Note or Coupon may proceed directly against the Issuer, unless 
the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable time and such 
failure is continuing. 
16.2 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes or the Trust Deed 
under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
17. 
The Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility and to be paid its costs and expenses in priority to the claims of the Noteholders. The 
Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer or any subsidiary and any 
entity associated directly or indirectly to the Issuer or any subsidiary without accounting for any 
profit. 
In the exercise of its powers and discretions under these Terms and Conditions and the Trust Deed, 
the Trustee will have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and will not be responsible 
for any consequence for individual Noteholders of Notes or Coupons as a result of such 
Noteholders being connected with any particular territory or taxing jurisdiction. 
18. 
Law and Jurisdiction 
18.1 
The Notes and the Trust Deed and any non-contractual obligation arising out of or in connection 
with them are governed by English law. VPS Notes must comply with the relevant regulations of 
the VPS and the Norwegian Securities Depository Act of 15 March 2019 No. 6 (as amended from 
time to time), and the Noteholders of VPS Notes will be entitled to the rights and are subject to the 
obligations and liabilities which arise under this Act and any related regulations and legislation. 
The registration of VPS Notes in the VPS as well as the recording and transfer of ownership to, 
and other interests in, VPS Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Norwegian law. 
18.2 
The Issuer has irrevocably agreed in the Trust Deed for the benefit of the Trustee and Noteholders 
that the courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Trust Deed or the Notes and Coupons (including a dispute relating to the 
existence, validity or termination of the Trust Deed or the Notes and Coupons or any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them) or the consequences of their 
nullity. 
18.3 
The Issuer has agreed in the Trust Deed that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
18.4 
The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other documents 
required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to 
TMF Global Services (UK) Limited at 20 Farringdon Street, 8th Floor, London EC4A 4AB or, if 
different, its registered office for the time being or at any address of the Issuer in Great Britain at

--- Page 58 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 50 - 
70-41024446 
 
which process may be served on it in accordance with the Companies Act 2006. If such person is 
not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Issuer has undertaken in the Trust Deed that it shall, on written demand of the Trustee, appoint a 
further person in England to accept service of process on its behalf and, failing such appointment 
within 15 days, the Trustee shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed 
to the Issuer. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of the Trustee or any Noteholder to 
serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in 
England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
18.5 
Condition 18.2 is for the benefit of the Trustee and the Noteholders only. As a result, nothing in 
this Condition 18 prevents the Trustee or any Noteholder or any of them from taking proceedings 
relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed 
by law, the Trustee or any Noteholders or any of them may take concurrent Proceedings in any 
number of jurisdictions. 
18.6 
The Issuer has consented in the Trust Deed generally in respect of any Proceedings to the giving 
of any relief or the issue of any process in connection with such Proceedings including (without 
limitation) the making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective of 
its use or intended use) of any order or judgment which may be made or given in such Proceedings. 
18.7 
To the extent that the Issuer may in any jurisdiction claim for itself or its assets or revenues 
immunity from suit, execution, attachment (whether in aid of execution, before judgment or 
otherwise) or other legal process and to the extent that such immunity (whether or not claimed) 
may be attributed in any such jurisdiction to the Issuer or its assets or revenues, the Issuer has 
agreed in the Trust Deed not to claim and irrevocably waives such immunity to the full extent 
permitted by the laws of such jurisdiction.

--- Page 59 ---
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILST IN GLOBAL FORM 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 51 - 
70-41024446 
 
Provisions relating to the Notes whilst in Global Form  
(A) 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Bearer Notes 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
clearing system as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note (which expression includes a 
Temporary Global Note and a Permanent Global Note) must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or such other clearing system (as the case may be) for such person's share of each payment 
made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note, and in relation to all other rights arising under the 
Global Note subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or such other clearing system (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no 
claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are 
represented by such Global Note and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the 
bearer of such Global Note, in respect of each amount so paid. References in these provisions relating to 
the Notes in global form to "holder" or "accountholder" are to those persons shown in the records of the 
relevant clearing system as a holder of a Note and references to "Noteholder" shall have the meaning 
attributed to it in the Terms and Conditions. 
Registered Notes 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by one or more Global Note Certificate, references in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name the relevant 
Global Note Certificate is for the time being registered in the Register which, in the case of any Global 
Note Certificate which is held by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will 
be that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or 
common depositary or common safekeeper. 
(B) 
Form and Exchange - Bearer Global Notes 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in 
compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" 
of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are 
fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be 
offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global 
bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be 
eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
(1) 
TEFRA D, TEFRA C or TEFRA not applicable: The Final Terms shall specify whether U.S. 
Treasury Regulation §1.1635(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor rules in the U.S. Treasury Regulations 
promulgated under Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (the "TEFRA D Rules") or 
U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor rules in the U.S. Treasury 
Regulations promulgated under Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (the "TEFRA C 
Rules") shall apply. Each Tranche of Bearer Notes is represented upon issue by a temporary global 
Note (a "Temporary Global Note"), unless the Final Terms specifies otherwise or the TEFRA C 
Rules apply. 
Where the Final Terms applicable to a Tranche of Bearer Notes specifies that the TEFRA C Rules 
apply, such Tranche is (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) represented upon issue by a 
Permanent Global Note. 
Interests in a Temporary Global Note may be exchanged for: 
(i) 
interests in a permanent global Note (a "Permanent Global Note"); or 
(ii) 
if so specified in the Final Terms, definitive Notes in bearer form ("Definitive Notes") 
and/or (if so specified in the Final Terms) Registered Notes. 
Exchanges of interests in a Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes or, as the case may be, a 
Permanent Global Note will be made only on or after the Exchange Date (as specified in the Final 
Terms) and (unless the Final Terms specifies that TEFRA is not applicable or that the TEFRA C

--- Page 60 ---
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILST IN GLOBAL FORM 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 52 - 
70-41024446 
 
Rules are applicable to the Notes) provided certification as to the beneficial ownership thereof as 
required by U.S. Treasury regulations (in substantially the form set out in the Temporary Global 
Note or in such other form as is customarily issued in such circumstances by the relevant clearing 
system) has been received. An exchange for Registered Notes will be made at any time or from 
such date as may be specified in the Final Terms, in each case, without any requirement for 
certification. 
(2) 
Limitation on entitlement under a Temporary Global Note after Exchange Date: Noteholders of 
interests in any Temporary Global Note shall not (unless, upon due presentation of such Temporary 
Global Note for exchange (in whole but not in part only) for a Permanent Global Note or for 
delivery of Definitive Notes and/or Registered Notes, such exchange or delivery is improperly 
withheld or refused and such withholding or refusal is continuing at the relevant payment date) be 
entitled to receive any payment in respect of the Notes represented by such Temporary Global Note 
which falls due on or after the Exchange Date or be entitled to exercise any option on a date after 
the Exchange Date. 
(3) 
Certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership: Unless the Final Terms specifies that TEFRA is 
not applicable or that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable to the Notes and subject to paragraph (2) 
above, if any date on which a payment of interest is due on the Notes of a Tranche occurs whilst 
any of the Notes of that Tranche are represented by a Temporary Global Note, the related interest 
payment will be made on the Temporary Global Note only to the extent that certification as to the 
beneficial ownership thereof as required by U.S. Treasury regulations (in substantially the form set 
out in the Temporary Global Note or in such other form as is customarily issued in such 
circumstances by the relevant clearing system) has been received by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system which may be specified in the Final Terms. 
Payments of amounts due in respect of a Permanent Global Note or (subject to paragraph (2) above) 
a Temporary Global Note (if the Final Terms specifies that TEFRA is not applicable or that the 
TEFRA C Rules are applicable to the Notes) will be made through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system without any requirement for certification. 
(4) 
Exchange for Definitive Notes: Interests in a Permanent Global Note will be exchanged (subject to 
the period allowed for delivery as set out in (i) below), in whole but not in part only and at the 
request of the Noteholder of such Global Note, for Definitive Notes and/or (if so specified in the 
Final Terms) Registered Notes, (a) if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant 
clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the 
circumstances described in Condition 7 occurs or, (c) at any time on the request of the bearer, if so 
specified in the Final Terms. However, in relation to any Notes issued with a denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent) and integral multiples of €1,000 (or equivalent), each Permanent Global 
Note representing such Notes shall only be exchangeable to for Definitive Notes in the limited 
circumstances of (1) closure of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant 
clearing system for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holiday) or where such clearing system announces an intention permanently to cease business; (2) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 7 occurring; or (3) exchange at the option of the 
Issuer due to adverse tax consequences as a result of the Notes being in global form. Whenever a 
Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes and/or Registered Notes, the Issuer 
shall procure the prompt delivery of such Definitive Notes and/or Registered Notes, duly 
authenticated and where and to the extent applicable, with Coupons and Talons attached (each as 
defined in Condition 1.2 and Condition 1.3), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of such Permanent Global Note to the Noteholder of the Permanent Global Note against 
its surrender to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 30 days of the Noteholder 
requesting such exchange. 
(C) 
Form and Exchange - Global Note Certificates 
(1) 
Global Certificate: Each Note represented by a Global Note Certificate will either be: (a) in the 
case of a Note which is not to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, registered in the name 
of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Note Certificate will be deposited on or 
about the issue date with the common depositary; or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under the 
New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the

--- Page 61 ---
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILST IN GLOBAL FORM 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 53 - 
70-41024446 
 
relevant Global Note Certificate will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(2) 
Exchange: The Global Note Certificate will become exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for 
Individual Note Certificates if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or such other relevant 
clearing system) is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business, (b) any of the 
circumstances described in Condition 7 occurs, or (c) at any time at the request of the registered 
Noteholder if so specified in the Final Terms. 
In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody arrangement for international 
debt securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the ECB announced that it 
had assessed the new holding structure and custody arrangements for registered notes which the 
ICSDs had designed in cooperation with market participants and that Notes to be held under the 
New Safekeeping Structure would be in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU 
securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the Eurosystem, subject to the 
conclusion of the necessary legal and contractual arrangements. The press release also stated that 
the new arrangements for Notes to be held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2010 and that registered debt securities in global registered 
form held through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be 
eligible as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping Structure is used. 
Whenever the Global Note Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, such 
will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Global Note 
Certificate within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered Noteholder 
of the Global Note Certificate to the Registrar or the Transfer Agent (as the case may be) of such 
information as is required to complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, 
without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Note 
Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person's holding) against 
the surrender of the Global Note Certificate at the specified office of the Registrar or the Transfer 
Agent (as the case may be). Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement and the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes 
scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such 
indemnity as the Registrar or the Transfer Agent (as the case may be) may require in respect of 
any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with 
such exchange. 
(D) 
Amendment to Conditions 
The Temporary Global Notes, Permanent Global Notes and Global Note Certificates contain provisions 
that apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
(1) 
Meetings: The Noteholder of a Global Note or the registered Noteholder of a Global Note 
Certificate shall (unless such Global Note or Global Note Certificate represents only one Note) be 
treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of 
Noteholders and, at any such meeting, the Noteholder of a Global Note shall be treated as having 
one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes for which 
such Global Note may be exchanged. (All Noteholders of Registered Notes are entitled to one vote 
in respect of each Note comprising such holder's holding, whether or not represented by a Global 
Certificate). 
(2) 
Cancellation: Cancellation of any Note represented by a Global Note that is required by the Terms 
and Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in 
the principal amount of the relevant Global Note. 
(3) 
Purchase: Notes represented by a Global Note or Global Note Certificate may only be purchased 
by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all 
future payments of interest thereon. 
(4) 
Issuer's Option: Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
while such Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Note Certificate shall be exercised 
by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders within the time limits set out in and containing the

--- Page 62 ---
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILST IN GLOBAL FORM 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 54 - 
70-41024446 
 
information required by the Conditions, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the 
serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and accordingly no 
drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised in respect 
of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system 
in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other clearing system and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as 
provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
(5) 
Noteholders' Options: Any option of the holders provided for in the Terms and Conditions of any 
Notes while such Notes are represented by a Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the 
Permanent Global Note or Global Note Certificate giving notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying Agent set out in the Conditions 
substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent except that the notice shall 
not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which the option has been 
exercised, and stating the principal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and 
at the same time presenting the Global Note or Global Note Certificate to the Principal Paying 
Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Principal Paying Agent, for notation. 
(6) 
Notices: So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Note Certificate and 
such Global Note or Global Note Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing system, notices to the 
holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to the clearing 
system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as 
required by the Conditions, and such notice shall be deemed to be given to Noteholders on the day 
on which it is given to the relevant clearing system, except that so long as the Notes are listed on 
the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notices shall also be published in electronic form on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or published in a leading daily 
newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger 
Wort). 
(7) 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Notes will be made against presentation and (in 
the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note or (as the case may be) the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of 
any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is 
made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment 
is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(8) 
Payment Business Day: in the case of a Global Note or a Global Note Certificate, shall be: if the 
currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre (as 
specified in the Final Terms); or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre (as specified in the Final 
Terms). 
(9) 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Note Certificate will be made to the 
person shown as the Noteholder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing 
system) on the Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record 
Date") where "Clearing System Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for 
which the Global Note Certificate is being held is open for business. 
(10) 
Interest Calculation: For so long as the Notes are represented by a Global Note, interest payable 
to the holder of that Global Note will be calculated by applying the Interest Rate applicable to the 
Notes for the relevant Interest Period to the outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented 
by that Global Note and on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 63 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 55 - 
70-41024446 
 
Form of Final Terms  
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, duly 
completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing 
in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final 
Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a "retail investor" means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK").  For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA.  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK 
MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification –In connection with section 309B of the 
Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the 
"SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the

--- Page 64 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 56 - 
70-41024446 
 
"CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined 
in section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/["capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
["Excluded Investment Products"]/["Specified Investment Products"] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations 
on Investment Products).] 
Final Terms dated [•] 
NORSKE TOG AS 
LEI: 5493004632KI8NGDEX09 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes (indicate whether Notes are Green 
Bonds)] 
under the 
€1,750,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 13 October 2021 [and the supplement to the base 
prospectus dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) as amended or superseded 
(the "Prospectus Regulation "). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The 
Base Prospectus and the Final Terms are available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [[26 April 2018]/[6 June 2019]/[7 October 2020]] 
which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 13 October 2021. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) as amended or superseded (the "Prospectus Regulation ") and 
must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 13 October 2021 [and the supplement to the 
base prospectus dated [•]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes 
is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base 
Prospectuses and the Final Terms are available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for an individual paragraph in which 
case the sub-paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted. Italics denote guidance for completing 
the Final Terms.) 
1. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which notes become 
fungible]: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [•] on [•]/the Issue Date/exchange 
of the Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 19 
below [which is expected to occur on or about [•]].]

--- Page 65 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 57 - 
70-41024446 
 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[•] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [•] (in the case of fungible notes 
only, if applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
 
(N.B. Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) 
in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the UK or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of Section 19 
FSMA and which have a maturity of less than one year 
must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies).) 
 
 
(N.B. For Bearer Notes, if the specified denomination 
is expressed to be €100,000 or its equivalent and 
multiples of a lower principal amount (for example 
€1,000), insert the additional wording as follows. 
 
 
"€100,000 and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above €199,000].") 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
(N.B. The applicable Calculation Amount will be (i) if 
there is only one Specified Denomination, the 
Specified Denomination of the relevant Notes or (ii) if 
there are several Specified Denominations or the 
Specified Denomination is expressed to be €100,000 
or its equivalent and multiples of a lower principal 
amount (for example €1,000), the highest common 
factor of those Specified Denominations (note: there 
must be a common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations).) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
(Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
(As referred to under Condition 5) 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[•][EURIBOR/LIBOR/ NIBOR]+/- [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the

--- Page 66 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 58 - 
70-41024446 
 
Maturity Date at [100/[•]] per cent. of their nominal 
amount] 
10. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Applicable /Not Applicable] [Specify the date when 
any fixed to floating rate or zero coupon change 
occurs or refer to paragraphs 13, 14 and 15 below 
and identify these.] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
(As referred to under Conditions 6.3, 6.4, 
6.5, 6.6, 6.7 and 6.14) 
[Optional Early Redemption (Call)] 
[Clean-up Call] 
[Optional Early Redemption (Put)] 
[Change of Control Put] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
12. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[•] [and [•], respectively] 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(As referred to under Condition 5.3) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Rate(s): 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [adjusted [for payment purposes only] 
in accordance with [specify Business Day Convention 
and any applicable Business Centre(s) for the 
definition of "Business Day"]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]]/Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)/30/360] 
 
(vi) 
Redemption 
for 
unmatured 
coupons: 
[Condition 9A.6(a) applies] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(As referred to under Condition 5.4 and 
5.5) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[[•] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (iv) 
below] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Interest 
Rate(s) is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]

--- Page 67 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 59 - 
70-41024446 
 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
and/or 
Interest Amount(s)): 
[Principal Paying Agent/Calculation Agent/[•]] 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[•][•] [EURIBOR/LIBOR/NIBOR] 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
• 
ISDA 
Benchmarks 
Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Linear interpolation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Interest Rate for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
 
(xi) 
Relevant Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less than 
zero / The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less 
than [•] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis/Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(xv) 
Redemption 
for 
unmatured 
coupons: 
[Condition 9A.6(b) applies] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(As referred to under Condition 5.12) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction determining 
amount payable: 
Actual/365 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA/ISDA) 
/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis

--- Page 68 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 60 - 
70-41024446 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Optional Early Redemption (Call) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(As referred to under Condition 6.3, 6.4, 
6.5 and 6.6) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Call Option Date(s)/Period: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount (Call) 
of each Note: 
[[•] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/Make 
Whole 
Redemption Price] 
 
(iii) 
Make Whole Redemption Price: 
[spens 
amount/Make 
Whole 
Redemption 
Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[(a) 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond] 
 
[(b) 
Quotation Time: 
[•] 
 
[(c) 
Redemption Margin: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
[(d) 
Determination Agent: 
[•] 
 
[(e) 
Par Redemption Date: 
[•]/Not Applicable 
 
(iv) 
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
17. 
Clean-Up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
Clean-up Call Redemption Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
18. 
Optional Early Redemption (Put) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
As referred to under Condition 
6.7: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Put Date(s)/Period: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount (Put) of each 
Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii) 
As referred to under Condition 
6.14 (Change of Control) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 69 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 61 - 
70-41024446 
 
19. 
Early Redemption Amount 
[At par/At the Amortised Face Amount] 
 
(As referred to under Condition 6.2 and 7) 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or other early redemption 
if different from the principal amount of 
the Notes: 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
20. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes/Registered Notes/VPS Notes issued in 
uncertified book entry form]1: 
 
(As referred to under Condition 1) 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note.] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes [only,] [and/or Registered Notes] on [•] (specify 
Exchange Date)] 
 
 
(Specify date from which exchanges for Registered 
Notes will be made. If nothing is specified, exchanges 
will be made at any time) 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes [only] [and/or Registered Notes] on [•] days' 
notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note]. 
 
 
[Registered Notes] 
 
 
[Bearer Notes exchangeable for Registered Notes] 
Global 
Note 
Certificate 
[(U.S.$/€[•] 
nominal 
amount)] registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure (NSS))].] 
21. 
[New Global Note]/[New Safekeeping 
Structure]: 
[Yes] [No] 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place 
of payment, and not interest periods to which sub 
paragraphs 13(ii) and 14(v) relate.) 
 
1 
In relation to Notes issued with a denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent) and integral multiples of 
€1,000 (or equivalent) in excess thereof, it will be necessary for the Global Note relating to such Notes 
to be exchangeable for Definitive Notes only in the limited circumstances of (1) closure of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system for business for a continuous period 
of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holiday) or where such clearing system announces an intention 
permanently to cease business; (2) any of the circumstances described in Condition 7 occurring; and 
(3) exchange at the option of the Issuer due to adverse tax consequences as a result of the Notes being 
in global form.

--- Page 70 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 62 - 
70-41024446 
 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No] 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 71 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 63 - 
70-41024446 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 72 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 64 - 
70-41024446 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to listing 
and trading: 
[[Application has been made/Application is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] / [•] with effect from [•]][Not Applicable] 
 
 
[[Application has been made/Application is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
listing on [the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/ 
[•] with effect from [•]] [Not Applicable]. 
 
(ii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected 
to be] rated]/ [The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
 
(Add a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings previously 
published by the ratings provider.) 
 
 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited:] 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is established in the EEA 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation").] [The rating S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited has given to the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by [S&P Global Ratings UK Limited], 
which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation")] 
3. 
INTERESTS 
OF 
NATURAL 
AND 
LEGAL 
PERSONS 
INVOLVED 
IN 
THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[Apart from the appointment of [insert names of managers] listed in paragraph 5 below, so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer.]/[•]/Not applicable]. 
4. 
FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY - YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names 
of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(ii) 
Stabilising 
Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(iii) 
If non syndicated, 
name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2: TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales 
to 
EEA 
Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Where agreed that the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products, "Applicable" should be 
specified.)

--- Page 73 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 65 - 
70-41024446 
 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales 
to 
UK 
Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales 
to 
Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General Corporate Purposes]/[The proceeds of the Notes will be 
applied to [finance/refinance] Green Projects under the Issuer's 
Green Bond Framework] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
[FISN: 
[•]] 
 
[CFI code: 
[•]] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), number(s) and address(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agent(s): 
[•] 
 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
Name 
and 
address 
of 
Calculation Agent (if any): 
[•] 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s] 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat 
as necessary] in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the scope of 
the EU Benchmark Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name of administrator] 
is not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] [include this text 
for Registered Notes which are to be held under the NSS] and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day

--- Page 74 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
10215153600-v28 
- 66 - 
70-41024446 
 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] [include this text 
for Registered Notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]

--- Page 75 ---
NORSKE TOG 
 
- 67 - 
 
 
NORSKE TOG 
Introduction 
 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer is Norske tog AS (previously named Materiellselskapet AS). 
 
The Issuer was incorporated on 16 June 2016 as a wholly owned subsidiary of Vy, with the Kingdom of 
Norway as the ultimate owner. In October 2016, the Issuer acquired most of Vy's passenger rolling stock. 
The rolling stock was simultaneously leased back to Vy. In April 2017, Vy was demerged and the Issuer 
became wholly owned by the MOT. The Kingdom of Norway remains the sole ultimate owner of the Issuer. 
 
The Issuer is a private limited liability company incorporated pursuant to the Norwegian Private Limited 
Companies Act, and is registered in the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises with business 
registration number 917 445 060. The Issuer's registered office is at Drammensveien 35, N-0271 Oslo, 
Norway and its central telephone number is (+47) 412 62 664. 
 
The Issuer's business is to own, manage and lease out rolling stock to operators that are awarded contracts 
to operate passenger railway services in Norway following implementation of the Norwegian railway 
reform, as described below. 
 
Reform of the Norwegian railway 
 
On 12 May 2015, the MOT published a white paper (Meld. St. 27 (2014-2015)) describing a proposed 
reform of the Norwegian railway sector (the "Reform"). The white paper was approved by the Norwegian 
Parliament (Stortinget) on 15 June 2015. The Reform entailed a partial liberalisation of the railway sector 
in Norway by opening up the passenger railway services for competition as well as changes to the 
organisational structure of the sector. 
 
In connection with the Reform, the Norwegian passenger railway market will be divided into geographical 
traffic packages (no.: trafikkpakker) comprising defined service areas (no.: togprodukter). So far, five 
traffic packages, with 3-7 service areas each, have been defined and three of them have been awarded to 
new operators. By putting these traffic packages out to competitive tender, the Norwegian government 
intends to gradually introduce competition for the operation of rail-based passenger transport in Norway. 
For further information see: https://www.jernbanedirektoratet.no/no/togkonkurranse/. For the avoidance of 
doubt, such website does not, and should not be deemed to, constitute a part of, or be incorporated into, this 
Base Prospectus. 
 
Vy was historically responsible for procuring its own rolling stock, and acquired its rolling stock after 
competitive tendering in accordance with applicable Norwegian rules and regulations. However, as rolling 
stock for the Norwegian passenger railway market is developed specifically for the Norwegian rail system 
and climate, represents a significant investment and has a long useful life, the MOT decided that procuring 
rolling stock therefore represented a potential barrier to entry for new train operators in the Norwegian 
passenger rail market. Accordingly, to reduce entry barriers and ensure competition for passenger rail 
services on equal terms, the MOT therefore decided that, as a part of the Reform, the rolling stock would 
be transferred from Vy to the Issuer and be made available to the train operators that win the tenders for the 
traffic packages. 
 
The passenger rolling stock previously owned by Vy (as well as certain other assets and equipment, rights 
under manufacturer's warranties for transferred rolling stock, rolling stock under order and certain other 
contractual rights of Vy related to the transferred assets) and certain employees, were transferred to the 
Issuer in accordance with an arm's length asset purchase agreement dated 14 October 2016 entered into 
between Vy and the Issuer. The transfer was completed during October 2016. 
 
As consideration for the rolling stock and other rights, assets and liabilities taken over by the Issuer, the 
Issuer agreed, inter alia, to assume Vy's obligations under certain of Vy's outstanding capital markets debt. 
On 14 October 2016 the Issuer and Vy entered into two identical leaseback contracts, one with duration 
until December 2017 and the other for the period January 2018 – December 2022, whereby Vy leased back 
the rolling stock transferred to the Issuer. The current leaseback contract has been terminated and is 
expected to be replaced in the near future with new lease agreements with Vy and operators for the 
competitively tendered traffic packages as further discussed in "Lease agreements" below.

--- Page 76 ---
NORSKE TOG 
 
- 68 - 
 
 
Business of the Issuer 
 
Business and operations 
 
The Issuer's stated business purpose is to contribute to a comprehensive rolling stock fleet for the railway 
in Norway and to be the preferred provider of reliable and up to date passenger rolling stock. 
 
In addition, the Issuer will: 
 
(i) 
develop plans to meet expected capacity needs identified by railway operators (but not necessarily 
be able to deliver according to these plans); 
 
(ii) 
develop leasing contracts with incentives that will form the basis for rental of rolling stock with all 
railway operators; 
 
(iii) 
contribute to developing a rolling stock strategy to ensure standardisation and optimisation of 
passenger rolling stock systems; 
 
(iv) 
have dialogue with and provide advice to infrastructure and maintenance providers regarding 
conditions at the interface between rolling stock and infrastructure/maintenance facilities; and 
 
(v) 
maintain leading expertise in procurement of passenger rolling stock and systems, and keep track 
of new technological solutions. 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, all of the Issuer's rolling stock is leased to Vy, SJ Norge AS, Go- 
Ahead Norge AS and Vy Tog AS. See "Lease agreements" below for further information. 
 
In the future, the Railway Directorate, which is responsible for the tender of passenger rail services after 
the Reform, will define the rolling stock that shall be used in the individual tenders, and agree the lease 
agreements with the Issuer prior to launch of each tender. It was decided that for the first three tenders, the 
chosen train operator shall only use rolling stock from the Issuer for an 8 to 9-year agreement period (with 
options for the operator to extend for two additional one-year periods). 
 
Future lease agreements with new operators that win competitive tenders for passenger rail services are 
expected to be on substantially similar terms as described under "Lease agreements" below. In connection 
with the railway reform, the Norwegian government has announced, and awarded, three competitions for 
passenger transport by rail, "Traffic Package South" (which commenced operations in December 2019), 
"Traffic Package North" (which commenced operations in June 2020) and "Traffic Package West" (which 
commenced operations in December 2020). So far, it has been decided that the operators for traffic package 
"South" and "North" will be required to lease rolling stock from the Issuer. For "Traffic Package West" the 
operator is required to lease rolling stock from the Issuer, but the operator may provide its own rolling stock 
if the demand exceeds what the Issuer can provide. 
 
The durations of the existing lease agreements for the passenger rolling stock leased out by the Issuer to 
train operators are back-to-back with the corresponding passenger service tenders. The payment structure 
under the current lease agreements consists of an agreed monthly payment, and payments are backed by 
financial guarantees. Upon any default of a lessee (other than Vy), such lessee's train operating agreement 
and train leasing obligations are expected to pass to Vy (or another operator). 
 
In the event that the Railway Directorate permits a train operator in the future to lease rolling stock from a 
supplier other than the Issuer as part of the tendered traffic packages (and that train operator chooses to do 
so), the Issuer will be able to consider alternative uses or a sale of the relevant rolling stock. The Issuer will 
in this scenario have recourse under a residual value guarantee by the Kingdom of Norway (see "Residual 
value guarantee" below for further information).

--- Page 77 ---
NORSKE TOG 
 
- 69 - 
 
 
Description of rolling stock 
 
The table below provides certain key information on the rolling stock of the Issuer. 
 
Description 
Name 
Type 
# of 
Trains 
Manufacturing 
Year 
Manufacturer 
Year of 
Upgrad 
e 
Top 
Speed 
(km/h) 
Number 
of Seats 
Total 
Passenger 
Capacity 
Electric train 
sets 
Class 69 
Local 
43 
1975-1994 
Strømmens 
Værksted 
2009- 
2011 
130 
265-303 
300-500 
Electric train 
sets 
Class 70 
Long- 
Distance 
16 
1991-1996 
ABB 
Strømmen 
- 
160 
233-238 
430-440 
Electric train 
sets 
Class 72 
Local 
36 
2002-2006 
AnsaldoBreda 
- 
160 
310 
600 
Electric train 
sets 
Class 73 
Regional 
/ Long- 
Distance 
14/6 
1999-2001 
Adtranz 
Ongoing 
210 
204 / 249 
320 
Electric train 
sets 
A / B 
Electric train 
sets 
Class 74 
Regional 
40 
2012-2016 
Stadler 
- 
200 
240 
570 
Electric train 
sets 
Class 75 
Local 
83 
2012-2018 
Stadler 
- 
200 
277-295 
630 
Wagons 
Class 5 
Long- 
Distance 
56 
1977-1981 
Bombardier 
2011- 
2013 
160 
40-68 
N/A 
Wagons 
Class 7 
Long- 
Distance 
59 
1982-1985 
Adtranz 
2008- 
2011 
160 
36-68 
N/A 
Wagons 
Class 
WLAB2 
Night 
Train 
20 
1986-1987 
Strømmens 
Værksted 
2006 
150 
Sleeping 
Beds: 30 
Coupes: 15 
Diesel Train 
Sets 
Class 92 
Long- 
Distance/ 
Local 
14 
1984-1985 
Duewag 
2005- 
2006 
140 
143-145 
200 
Diesel Train 
Sets 
Class 93 
Long- 
Distance/ 
Local 
15 
2000-2002 
Bombardier 
- 
140 
87 
180 
Locomotives 
Class 
El 18 
Electric 
17 
1996-1997 
Adtranz 
- 
160 
N/A 
N/A 
Locomotives 
Class 
Di 4 
Diesel 
5 
1981 
Henschel 
2009 
140 
N/A 
N/A 
 
Lease agreements 
Existing lease agreements 
The Issuer currently has four lease agreements – one with Vy related to the transfer of rolling stock to the 
Issuer when the Issuer was demerged from Vy and became wholly owned by the MOT; and three related 
to the tendered traffic packages. 
 
When the Issuer in October 2016 acquired most of Vy's passenger rolling stock, the rolling stock was 
simultaneously leased back to Vy pursuant to a leaseback agreement with duration until December 2017. 
At the same time a second, identical, lease agreement was entered into covering the period from January 
2018, with duration until December 2022. 
 
The second lease agreement has been terminated by the Issuer and the parties are currently negotiating a 
new agreement. Such new agreement is expected to be on substantially similar terms as the lease agreement 
for the other traffic packages.

--- Page 78 ---
NORSKE TOG 
 
- 70 - 
 
 
Under the terms of the current contract with Vy, Vy shall pay a monthly lease to the Issuer. The leasing rate 
has been agreed for the term of the contract. The monthly lease rate is calculated on the basis of the Issuer's 
costs (depreciation based on the book value of fixed assets, finance cost (calculated using an interest rate of 3.5% 
per annum, with adjustment rights, as described below), administrative costs and certain one- time costs). 
The agreed lease rate factor in expected inflation and a general cost increase of 2% annually, as well as a 
5% return on equity. There are specific adjustment rights in respect of the monthly lease rate if the funding 
cost of the Issuer exceeds 3.5% per annum. 
 
Vy is responsible for the maintenance of the rolling stock in accordance with an agreed maintenance 
programme and for keeping the rolling stock in normal operating condition in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations, as well as for modifications requested by Vy and approved by the Issuer. As part of 
this, the Issuer shall, inter alia, cover any costs relating to any modifications that are necessary to keep the 
rolling stock operating in accordance with applicable laws, regulations and requirements from relevant 
authorities. Any claims under a warranty from the supplier of the rolling stock shall be handled by the 
Issuer, but Vy is responsible for notifying the Issuer of any potential claims. If an incident occurs which 
results in the total loss of a leased unit, Vy will no longer be required to pay the lease for such unit. 
 
Both the Issuer and Vy can, with 12 months' notice commencing on the next annual change of timetables 
(this occurs on the second Sunday of December each year), reduce the scope of the agreement or terminate 
the agreement in order to, for example, make the rolling stock available to the train operators that win the 
tenders for the traffic packages. Vy is responsible for redelivering the rolling stock to the Issuer in normal 
operating condition, in accordance with the maintenance program and applicable law and regulations. 
 
The Issuer has further entered into three leasing agreements in connection with the traffic agreement for 
"Traffic Package South", "Traffic Package North" and "Traffic Package West" between the Railway 
Directorate and the new operators. Vy and any other operator leasing rolling stock on the terms of the 
leasing contract is hereinafter referred to as the "Lessee". 
 
The durations of the leasing contracts are back-to-back with the traffic agreements. If the traffic period 
expires or is extended beyond the original agreed traffic period, the leasing period will be shortened or 
extended accordingly. 
 
The Lessee pays a monthly lease to the Issuer. The monthly rate is calculated on the basis of the current 
leasing price for each individual train leased for each of the traffic packages, with deduction for insurance 
premiums that the Lessee has paid according to the Lessee's duty to procure and renew an "all risk"-injury 
insurance policy for trains for which the Lessee has accepted risk. The total leasing price is calculated on 
the basis of the Issuer's stipulated capital related costs (including, inter alia, interest expenses for foreign 
capital, required rate of return on equity capital and depreciation) for the leased rolling stock, and the 
stipulated operational costs (including, inter alia, administrative costs, maintenance costs, modification 
program costs and insurance costs) for the leased rolling stock included in the leasing agreement. 
 
The stipulated operating costs shall be regulated on a yearly basis, based on a price index (50% based on 
the Norwegian consumer price index adjusted for tax changes and excluding energy goods (KPI-JAE) and 
50% based on Statistics Norway's index of labour costs for the transportation and storage sectors, in each 
case as per 15 October of the previous year). The first price adjustment came into effect on the first day of 
the operating year of 2020. 
 
The stipulated capital related costs related to the leasing objects shall be adjusted if the Issuer's cost of 
capital changes due to subsequent changes in market conditions and the level of interest rates. At the initial 
pricing, the interest expense for foreign capital is assumed to be 3.5% per annum. An average interest 
expense increase or decrease of more than 0.2% shall result in an equivalent increase or decrease of the 
stipulated capital related costs. The leasing price may also be adjusted if the Issuer has altered costs due to 
impositions from public authorities or government fees and duties. Changes in the general tax level will not 
lead to any adjustment to the leasing price. 
 
The stock of individual trains may in the contract period be changed by the Issuer, temporarily or 
permanently, in accordance with provisions set forth in the leasing contract. The Issuer will also have a 
unilateral right to change the leasing price. Such changes, however, require pre-approval from the Railway 
Directorate.

--- Page 79 ---
NORSKE TOG 
 
- 71 - 
 
 
During the contract period, the Issuer will have the right to make modifications, changes and upgrades on 
any stock according to and with the restrictions set forth in the leasing contract. Such modifications, changes 
and upgrades will normally entitle the Issuer, subject to pre-approval from the Railway Directorate, to 
unilaterally adjust the leasing price of each individual train. 
 
During the contract period, the Lessee will have the right to lease and use derived additional benefits, such 
as a land-based IT system, special tools and critical components, and technical documentation for each 
individual train. The Lessee shall not pay an additional leasing price for such derived benefits. 
 
The Lessee will be responsible for maintaining the rolling stock in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations in connection with the Lessee's operation and use of the individual trains. However, new 
regulations that entail more stringent requirements for the physical design of the rolling stock will be the 
Issuer's risk. In addition, the Lessee will be responsible for keeping the rolling stock prepared for use and 
in good condition. 
 
Future lease agreements 
 
The Issuer is expected to enter into a new lease contract for rolling stock with Vy in the near future (see 
"Existing lease agreements" above). 
 
Future contracts with other operators that win competitive tenders for passenger rail services are expected 
to be on substantially similar terms as those described above. 
 
Procurement of rolling stock 
 
The Issuer continuously evaluates the need to replace and/or upgrade existing rolling stock inter alia on the 
basis of remaining economic life. Procurement of rolling stock will be made in the Norwegian and 
international market in accordance with applicable public procurement rules. 
 
The Issuer is currently party to a train purchase agreement with Stadler Bussnang AG. The agreement was 
originally entered into in 2008 between Vy and Stadler Bussnang AG, with an option to purchase up to 150 
regional and local train sets. The agreement was transferred to the Issuer from Vy on 31 July 2017. As at 
31 December 2019, 150 train sets have been ordered and are expected to be delivered by December 2022. 
Of these train sets, 123 train sets have been received as at 31 December 2020. The Issuer has placed 
variation orders with respect to 14 of the train sets under order for upgrade to combined diesel and electric 
propulsion. 
 
Residual value guarantee 
 
The Norwegian Parliament in the national budget for 2021 agreed that the MOT in 2021 could provide a 
residual value guarantee for book value of rolling stock included in the government's purchase of passenger 
rail transport of up to NOK 8,295 million, as well as additional residual value guarantees for upgrades to, 
and new investments in, rolling stock of up to NOK 4,486 million. The residual value guarantee covers up 
to 75% of the book value of the relevant rolling stock. 
 
Within the limitations described above, the Railway Directorate has confirmed that if the relevant rolling 
stock is no longer used for publicly procured passenger rail transport, the guarantee will cover up to 75% 
of any resulting losses. The guarantee is inter alia subject to certain reporting obligations on the Issuer, and 
the Issuer is obliged to seek cost efficient solutions in connection with the procurement of rolling stock, to 
secure revenue potential and to assist in limiting the increase in public procurement needs. The Issuer shall 
further assist Bane NOR (being the state enterprise responsible for rail infrastructure) with the identification 
of necessary infrastructure and with plans for phasing in and operating the relevant rolling stock. 
 
Assets and liabilities 
 
The rolling stock previously owned by Vy was spun off and transferred to the Issuer by an acquisition 
completed on 14 October 2016. On the same date, 32 of Vy's employees were transferred to the Issuer. 
 
The total consideration paid for the rolling stock by the Issuer was NOK 8,558 million. The rolling stock 
transferred to the Issuer consisted of 396 units, including 236 train sets, 135 wagons, 3 heating units and 22 
locomotives. In addition to the trains, a pension liability of NOK 10 million for the aforementioned

--- Page 80 ---
NORSKE TOG 
 
- 72 - 
 
 
employees was also transferred with corresponding compensation from Vy. The total consideration for the 
transfers was deferred and constituted a debt owed by the Issuer to Vy. 
 
The debt to Vy was settled in December 2016 by way of the Issuer taking over Vy's obligations under 
certain of Vy's outstanding capital markets debt, following a successful noteholder consent solicitation 
process. 
 
The Issuer currently has four notes issues outstanding under an existing EMTN programme, all transferred 
from Vy, and six notes issues outstanding under the Programme: 
 
Amount 
Maturity 
ISIN 
NOK 350,000,000 
24 January 2022 
NO0010635360 
NOK 500,000,000 
18 February 2026 
NO0010703556 
NOK 1,150,000,000 
20 January 2027 
NO0010635428 
CHF 125,000,000 
2 May 2023 
CH0210891989 
NOK 750,000,000 
12 June 2028 
NO0010823792 
NOK 300,000,000 
26 November 2021 
NO0010837263 
NOK 550,000,000 
26 February 2024 
NO0010837271 
NOK 650,000,000 
26 November 2025 
NO0010837289 
NOK 400,000,000 
11 March 2025 
NO0010870009 
NOK 900,000,000 
11 December 2029 
NO0010870017 
 
In addition, the Issuer has a multicurrency revolving credit facility of NOK 3,000 million that expires in 
June 2026. 
 
In connection with the consent solicitation the Issuer obtained a stand-alone credit rating from S&P. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has been assigned a rating of A+ (stable outlook) by S&P. A 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
As at 31 December 2020, 150 train sets have been ordered under the contract with Stadler Bussnang AG 
and are expected to be delivered by December 2022. 
 
The Issuer has defined a long term need for a considerable addition of new trains in order to meet the 
expected capacity increase set out in the National Transport Plan 2018-2029 (Meld. St. 33 (2016-2017)), as 
the passenger traffic is expected to increase as well as expected increase in frequency of train departures  for 
both freight and passenger traffic. 
 
For further information about the assets and liabilities of the Issuer, please see the Issuer's audited financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 2020, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
 
Government support and state aid 
General overview 
The Issuer is wholly owned by the Norwegian state, represented by the MOT. It was established as a wholly 
owned subsidiary of Vy by a transfer of rights, assets and obligations from Vy, followed by a demerger of 
Vy whereby the shares in the Issuer were transferred to the direct ownership of the Norwegian state. At the 
time of the transfer of rights, assets and obligations to the Issuer, Vy was wholly owned by the Norwegian 
state. Vy remains wholly owned by the Norwegian state at the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 81 ---
NORSKE TOG 
 
- 73 - 
 
 
The Issuer is dependent on capital contributions or other support from the Norwegian state in order to 
complete its planned investment program for new rolling stock. 
 
The Issuer's operating revenue is wholly generated from leasing out its trains to licensed operators of 
passenger rail services in Norway, which again will derive parts of their income from public purchases of 
passenger rail services by the MOT. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Vy, Go-Ahead Norge AS, SJ 
Norge AS and Vy Tog AS are the only licensed passenger rail operators in Norway. Public purchases from 
Vy take place under a Public Procurement Agreement valid for the period December 2018 to December 
2022 for rail transport that is not part of any traffic package. From December 2019, the Issuer leased out 
trains to Go- Ahead Norge AS, from June 2020 to SJ Norge AS and from December 2020 to Vy Tog AS 
for the purpose of providing railway services in connection with traffic packages 1, 2 and 3. 
 
The Issuer finally benefits from a residual value guarantee from the Norwegian state represented by the 
Norwegian Railway Directorate, securing the Issuer a minimum recovery of 75% of book value of any 
rolling stock sold by the Issuer. 
 
Establishment and future capitalisation of the Issuer 
 
The Issuer was originally capitalised by a transfer of rights, assets and liabilities from Vy, followed by a 
demerger whereby the shares in the Issuer were transferred to the MOT. The demerger was completed on 
arm's length terms and in accordance with the requirements in the Norwegian limited liability companies 
act, and was approved by the auditor of Vy. The initial capitalisation of the Issuer is in the Issuer's opinion 
not state aid, as defined under the provisions of the Agreement on the European Economic Area ("EEA 
Agreement"). 
 
In the Issuer's assessment, the future cash contributions through direct financial support from the Norwegian state 
to fund, among other things, investments, will be made in compliance with all applicable provisions of law 
and regulation, including (but not limited to) state aid. The agreements between the Issuer and the MOT 
are concluded on the basis of and in accordance with the framework provided under: (a) NOU (Official 
Norwegian Report) 1987:5; and (b) St. meld. Nr. 54 (Report to Stortinget) (1988-89) (together the "original 
policy framework"), which set out the relevant framework for the procurement by the Government of 
public transport rail services, by means of agreements. The original policy framework is improved, 
supplemented or expanded to include new policy considerations and reflect new market conditions but it 
remains unaltered as regards its core principles and continues to provide the main platform upon which 
public railway transport services agreements are concluded and approved in Norway. Given that the original 
policy framework was established prior to the coming into force of the EEA Agreement it would most 
probably be considered to constitute existing State aid for the purposes of the EEA Agreement, which would 
remain valid until ordered revised for the future by the EFTA Surveillance Authority. 
 
The Issuer considers that any financial support received from the Norwegian state would be considered 
'public service compensation' (in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1370/2007) and thus compatible 
with the EEA Agreement and exempt from any requirement for prior notification. In addition to the 
foregoing, the Issuer considers that financial support received from the Norwegian state could also be 
considered compatible state aid: (a) in accordance with Article 49 of the EEA Agreement directly (however, 
reliance on Article 49 would have required prior notification to the EFTA Surveillance Authority); or (b) 
in accordance with the rules on Services of general economic interest under Commission Decision 
2012/21/EU (which is exempt from the obligation for prior notification). 
 
Public purchases of rail services 
 
The compensation paid to the operators by the Norwegian state is in the Issuer's opinion compatible with 
the provisions of the EEA Agreement regarding state aid, assuming that the public purchases are essentially 
concluded on the basis of and in accordance with the original policy framework (see above) and are 
subjected to public tender if other operators than Vy shall be offered the support. Given that the original 
policy framework was established prior to the coming into force of the EEA Agreement it would most 
probably be considered to constitute existing State aid for the purposes of the EEA Agreement, which would 
remain valid until appropriately revised for the future by the EFTA Surveillance Authority.

--- Page 82 ---
NORSKE TOG 
 
- 74 - 
 
 
Residual value guarantee 
 
The residual value guarantee issued by the Railway Directorate covering 75% of the book value of the 
Issuer' passenger trains is a continuation of the same guarantee that was made available to Vy. It is 
furthermore a continuation of a long standing and well publicised practice that was also applied to Vy while 
it owned the Issuer's rolling stock. The Issuer considers that the support provided by the residual value 
guarantee is most probably part of the existing state aid scheme supporting the Norwegian railway sector 
described above, and thus compatible with the EEA Agreement and exempt from prior notification. The 
Issuer considers that any financial support received from the Norwegian state would be considered 'public 
service compensation' (in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1370/2007) and thus compatible with the 
EEA Agreement and exempt from any requirement for prior notification. In addition to the foregoing, the 
Issuer considers that financial support received from the Norwegian state could also be considered 
compatible state aid: (a) in accordance with Article 49 of the EEA Agreement directly (however, reliance 
on Article 49 would have required prior notification to the EFTA Surveillance Authority); or (b) in 
accordance with the rules on Services of general economic interest under Commission Decision 
2012/21/EU (which is exempt from the obligation for prior notification). 
 
Ownership and Corporate Governance 
 
The Issuer is wholly owned by the Kingdom of Norway, represented by the MOT. 
 
The Kingdom of Norway, through its ownership, has a substantial influence over the Issuer by deciding 
matters submitted for a vote of shareholders, such as approval of the annual financial statements, 
declarations of annual reserves and dividends, capital increases, amendments to the Issuer's articles of 
association and election and removal of members of the Issuer's Board of Directors. 
 
Each year the Board of Directors shall present a plan for the business to the Norwegian Minister of 
Transport and Communications in which the following issues are included: 
 
• 
A description of the situation of the market and the Issuer, including developments in the Issuer 
since the last plan was presented; 
 
• 
The main features of the activities of the Issuer in the coming years; 
• 
The Issuer's investment levels, major investments and funding plans; 
• 
Assessments of economic developments during the planning period; and 
• 
A report on measures and results pertaining to the social mission and social responsibilities of the 
Issuer. 
 
So far as the Issuer is aware, there are no arrangements currently in place which may at a subsequent date 
result in a change of control of the Issuer. 
 
In a report to the Norwegian Parliament dated 22 November 2019 (Meld. St. 8 (2019–2020)), the Norwegian 
state recategorised state-owned companies. The Issuer was previously a "category 4" company, and is now 
considered a "category 3" company (which is equivalent to the previous "category 4"). "Category 3" covers 
companies for which the Norwegian state seeks to achieve sector policy objectives as efficiently as possible 
(on a scale from 1 to 3, "category 1" includes companies where the state's ownership has purely commercial 
objectives and "category 3" includes companies where the state's ownership has primarily sector policy 
purposes). From a general perspective, a reduction in state ownership is more likely to take place in a 
"category 1" company than in a "category 3" company. 
 
The Board of Directors has approved the introduction of the Norwegian Code of Practice for owner control 
and Corporate Governance adapted to the current structure of ownership. This Code includes measures to 
ensure that owner control is not abused.

--- Page 83 ---
NORSKE TOG 
 
- 75 - 
 
 
Management and Employees of the Issuer 
 
Board of Directors of the Issuer 
 
Set out below are the names and positions of the current members of the Issuer's Board of Directors as well 
as an indication of any significant principal activities performed by them outside the Issuer. 
 
Name 
Position 
Significant Outside Activity 
Annette Malm Justad 
Chairperson 
General manager and chairperson, Alama AS; chairperson, 
Store Norske Spitsbergen Kulkompani AS; general 
manager and chairperson, Homlungen AS; board member, 
Awilco LNG ASA; board member, American Shipping 
Company ASA; chairperson, Småkraft Utbygging AS; 
board member, Småkraft AS; board member, Torm plc; 
board member, Rec Silicon; board member, PowerCell 
Sweden AB 
Marianne Abeler 
Board Member 
Board member, Tromsøbadet Kf; deputy member, Troms 
Kraft AS 
 
Espen Opedal 
Board Member 
General 
manager, 
Tryg 
Forsikring; 
chairperson, 
Styreportalen AS; board member, Finance Innovation 
 
Bjørn Erik Olsson 
Board Member 
None 
 
The business address for all board members in relation to their directorship with the Issuer is Norske tog 
AS, Drammensveien 35, N-0271 Oslo, Norway. 
 
Management of the Issuer 
 
Set out below are the names and positions of the current members of the Issuer's management as well as an 
indication of any significant principal activities performed by them outside the Issuer. 
 
Name 
Position 
Significant Outside Activity 
Øystein Risan 
Chief Executive Officer 
None 
Kjell-Arthur Abrahamsen 
Asset Director 
None 
Linda Marie Venbakken 
Chief Financial Officer 
Board member, Fornebu 
Sparebank 
Luca Cuppari 
Technical Director 
None 
Iren Marugg 
Legal Director 
None 
 
The business address for all members of management in relation to their employment with the Issuer is 
Norske tog AS, Drammensveien 35, N-0271 Oslo, Norway. 
 
Conflicts of Interest 
 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties of the members of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies of the Issuer towards the Issuer and their private interests and/or other 
duties. 
 
Employees 
 
As at 31 December 2020 the Issuer had a total of 39 employees.

--- Page 84 ---
- 76 - 
NORSKE TOG 
 
 
 
Recent developments 
 
The contract for new local trains is planned to be signed during 2021. The Issuer has applied for residual 
value guarantee for the purchase of new long distance trains, which will be decided as part of the budget 
for 2022. 
Material contracts 
 
The Issuer has not entered into any contracts outside of the ordinary course of business that have had or 
may reasonably be expected to have a material effect on its business or that could result in the Issuer 
being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to 
the Noteholders in respect of Notes being issued.

--- Page 85 ---
- 77 - 
TAXATION 
 
 
Taxation  
The following is a general description of certain Norwegian and Luxembourg tax considerations relating 
to the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, 
whether in those countries or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their tax advisers 
as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant and the tax laws of Norway and Luxembourg of acquiring, 
holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under 
the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This overview is 
based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that 
may take effect after such date. The overview does not take into consideration any rules applicable to 
purchasers subject to special tax regimes, such as banks, insurance companies or tax-exempt organisations. 
Norway 
General 
Norwegian tax legislation does not currently include statutory legislation relating specifically to the Notes. 
Instead, the tax treatment must be derived from general tax rules and principles applicable to capital income 
and capital gains. Norwegian tax law is based on substance over form. If the terms of the Notes include 
conditions that are common to equity instruments, and that the Notes after an overall assessment are 
considered to have more characteristics of equity instruments rather than debt, the economic reality may 
overrule the formalities for income tax purposes. Thus, the applicable terms of the Notes may cause the 
taxation of the Notes to depart from the taxation treatment described in this summary. In the following, it 
is assumed that the Notes do not qualify as equity instruments for income tax purposes. 
Note that for the purposes of this overview, a reference to the residency of a holder of Notes is a reference 
to the tax residency and not the nationality of such person. 
The Norwegian Government has introduced withholding tax on interest and royalty payments with effect 
from 1 July 2021. However, the rules limit the scope to withholding tax on payments made to related parties 
resident within low tax jurisdictions. 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Payments of principal and interest on the Notes to persons who are not tax resident in Norway and have no 
connection with Norway other than the holding of Notes are, unless comprised by the limited withholding 
tax for payments to low-tax resident related parties described above, not subject to, and may be made 
without, any withholding or deduction for or on account of any Norwegian taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges, provided that the Notes have not been used in or attached to any business activity 
operated through a permanent establishment. 
Gains or profits realised on the sale, disposal or redemption of the Notes by persons who are not tax resident 
in Norway and have no connection with Norway other than the holding of Notes are not, under present 
Norwegian law, subject to Norwegian taxes or duties, provided that the Notes have not been used in or 
attached to any business activity operated through a permanent establishment. 
Non-resident holders of Notes are not liable to Norwegian net wealth tax on the holding of the Notes, unless 
the non-resident holder is an individual and the Notes are effectively connected with a business that the 
individual holder of the Notes carries out in Norway. 
No Norwegian issue tax or stamp duty is payable in connection with the issue of the Notes. 
Resident holders of Notes 
Any kind of interest payments or similar payments received on the Notes by persons (individuals or 
companies) tax resident in Norway prior to disposal or redemption is taxable as "ordinary income" subject 
to the flat rate of 22 per cent. For taxpayers with a statutory obligation to keep accounting records interest 
is taxed on an accruals basis (i.e. regardless of when the return is actually paid). For other taxpayers accrued 
interest is as the main rule taxed when the interest is actually paid. 
Redemption at the end of the term as well as prior disposal is treated as realisation of the Notes and will 
trigger a capital gain or loss. Capital gains will be taxable as "ordinary income", subject to the flat rate of 
22 per cent. Losses will be deductible in the holder’s "ordinary income", at the same tax rate.

--- Page 86 ---
- 78 - 
TAXATION 
 
 
Any capital gain or loss is computed as the difference between the amount received by the Noteholder on 
realisation and the cost price of the Notes. The taxable gain is calculated in Norwegian kroner. The amounts 
received are converted to Norwegian kroner at the foreign exchange rate at the time of realisation. The cost 
price is equal to the price for which the holder acquired the Notes, at the foreign exchange rate at the time 
of acquisition. Costs incurred in connection with the acquisition and realisation of the Notes may be 
deducted from the holder's taxable income in the year of the realisation. 
Any gains or losses derived from foreign currency exchange are taxable or tax deductible in the income 
year of realisation of the Note. 
The value of the Notes at the end of each income year will be included in the computation of any individual 
holder's taxable net wealth for municipal and state net wealth tax purposes. Listed bonds are valued at their 
quoted value on 1 January in the assessment year, while non-listed bonds are valued at their estimated 
market value on 1 January in the assessment year. The marginal tax rate is currently 0.85 per cent. Limited 
liability companies and similar entities are not subject to net wealth taxation. 
There are currently no Norwegian transfer taxes, stamp duty or similar taxes connected to purchase, disposal 
or redemption of the Notes. Further, there is no VAT on transfer of the Notes. 
Luxembourg 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective 
investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, 
local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding 
tax or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts 
only. 
Withholding Tax 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
(a) 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption 
or repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
Resident holders of Notes 
(b) 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005 
as amended (the "Relibi Law") mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon 
redemption or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will 
be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of 
income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of their 
private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg 
paying agent. Accordingly, payments of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the 
Relibi Law will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer 
may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Norway)

--- Page 87 ---
- 79 - 
TAXATION 
 
 
have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under 
the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would 
generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects 
of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding 
would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the publication of the final regulations defining 
"foreign passthru payment" and Notes issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on 
which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register 
generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after 
such date. However, if additional notes (as described under Condition 15) that are not distinguishable from 
previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior 
to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Noteholders should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the 
event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the 
Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (each a "participating Member State"). However, Estonia has since 
stated that it will no longer be a participating Member State. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary' market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 88 ---
- 80 - 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
 
Subscription and Sale 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Danske Bank A/S, DNB Bank 
ASA, Nordea Bank Abp and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (the "Dealers"). The arrangements 
under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers 
are set out in a dealer agreement dated 13 October 2021 (the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the 
Issuer and the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and 
conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the 
commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such 
purchase. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of 
existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
EEA 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors:  Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA a Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown 
Prospectus) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of 
this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); and  
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation:  If the Final Terms (or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each 
Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be) to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that 
Member State: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation,

--- Page 89 ---
- 81 - 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes, as the same may be varied in that Member State by any measure implementing the 
Prospectus Regulation in that Member State. 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2: TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms or neither if 
TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, as certified to the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Issuer by such Dealer (or, in the case of a sale of a Tranche of Notes to or through more than one Dealer, 
by each of such Dealers as to the Notes of such Tranche purchased by or through it, in which case the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Issuer shall notify each such Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified) 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent 
to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors:  Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and

--- Page 90 ---
- 82 - 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
 
(b) 
the expression "an offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Public offer selling restrictions under the FSMA:  If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be) in respect of any Notes does not include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation 
thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in 
the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject 
to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any 
such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(1) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(a) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(b) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(i) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(ii) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA 
by the Issuer; 
(2) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(3) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.

--- Page 91 ---
- 83 - 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
 
Kingdom of Norway 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that the 
Notes (if required) and the Base Prospectus have been approved by the Financial Supervisory Authority of 
Norway, it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes in Norway or to residents of Norway, other than: 
(1) 
in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of Notes for 
a total consideration of not less than €100,000 per investor, cf. Article 1 (4)(d) of the Prospectus 
Regulation as incorporated into Norwegian law pursuant to section 7-1 of the Norwegian Securities 
Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no. 75 (the "Norwegian Securities Trading Act"); or 
(2) 
to "qualified investors" as defined in Article 2 (e) of the Prospectus Regulation, cf. Article 1 (4)(a), 
as incorporated into Norwegian law pursuant to section 7-1 of the Norwegian Securities Trading 
Act; or 
(3) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than "qualified investors" as defined in Article 2 
(e) of the Prospectus Regulation, cf. Article 1 (4)(b), as incorporated into Norwegian law pursuant 
to section 7-1 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act), subject to obtaining the prior consent of 
the relevant Dealer or Dealers for any such offer; or 
(4) 
in any other circumstances provided that no such offer of Notes shall result in a requirement for 
the registration, or the publication by the Issuer or the Dealer or Dealers of a prospectus pursuant 
to the Norwegian Securities Trading Act. 
The Notes shall be registered with the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (the "VPS") unless (i) the 
Notes are denominated in NOK and offered and sold outside of Norway to non-Norwegian tax residents 
only, or (ii) the Notes are denominated in a currency other than NOK and offered or sold outside of Norway. 
Further, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes will only be sold in Norway to investors who have 
sufficient knowledge and experience to understand the risks involved with investing in the Notes. 
See also the selling restriction "Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors" above. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, directly 
or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of 
Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or 
any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA.

--- Page 92 ---
- 84 - 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interests (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures 
Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 
309B(1) of the SFA. The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each such issue about the 
classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a) of the SFA. Any such legend 
included on the relevant Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 
309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as “Not 
Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not 
be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of 
the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a "Belgian Consumer") and that it has 
not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the 
Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information 
circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian 
Consumer. 
General 
With the exception of the approval by the CSSF of this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus issued in 
compliance with the Prospectus Regulation and relevant implementing measures in Luxembourg, no action 
has been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers that would permit a 
public offering of Notes, or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose hands the Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell 
or deliver Notes or have in their possession or distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 93 ---
- 85 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
General Information 
1. 
Application has been made to list Notes issued under the Programme on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admit such Notes to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on the official 
list and the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or which 
will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
2. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of 
the Issuer passed on 9 March 2018. The update of the Programme was authorised by a Board 
Resolution passed on 1 September 2021. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time 
all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance 
of its obligations under the Notes. 
3. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
Common Code, International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), Financial Instrument Short 
Name (FISN) and Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) code (as applicable) in relation to 
the Notes of each Series will be contained in the Final Terms relating thereto. 
4. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium, the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue 
J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg and the address of VPS is Fred. Olsens gate 1, N-0107 Oslo, 
Norway. The address of any alternative clearing system(s) will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
5. 
Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and any Coupon appertaining thereto will bear 
a legend substantially to the following effect: "Any United States person who holds this obligation 
will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations 
provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code." The sections referred to in 
such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Bearer Note or Coupon generally will 
not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of such Bearer Note 
or Coupon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised on 
such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as ordinary income. 
6. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware) which may have, or have had during the 
12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer and its subsidiaries (the "Group"). 
7. 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 
31 December 2020. There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position 
of the Group since 30 June 2021. 
8. 
The audited financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 
2020 have been prepared in accordance with IFRS and IFRIC interpretation as adopted by the EU.  
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS has audited those financial statements in accordance with laws, 
regulations, and auditing standards and practices generally accepted in Norway, including 
International Standards on Auditing (ISAs), as stated in their auditors report incorporated by 
reference herein. 
The financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2020 
have been audited by independent auditors PricewaterhouseCoopers AS, whose regulated address 
is P.O. Box 748, Sentrum, NO-0106 Oslo, Norway. PricewaterhouseCoopers AS is a member of 
the Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants.

--- Page 94 ---
- 86 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
9. 
For the period of at least 10 years following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies and, where 
appropriate, English translations of the following documents will be available from 
https://www.norsketog.no/en/investor-relations: 
(a) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(b) 
the Trust Deed; 
(c) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between the Issuer and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg of Notes in New Global Note form or to be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure); 
(d) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuer (as the same may be updated from time to time); 
(e) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus, together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
further Base Prospectus;  
(f) 
any Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. In the case of any Notes 
which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be 
available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders; and 
(g) 
the Issuer's Green Bond Framework and the related CICERO Opinion. 
This Base Prospectus, and in the case of any Notes to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, the relevant Final Terms, will be available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
10. 
The Trust Deed provides that the Trustee may rely on certificates or reports from the Issuer's 
independent auditors and/or any other expert in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed 
whether or not any such certificate or report or engagement letter or other document entered into 
by the Trustee and the Issuer's independent auditors or such other expert in connection therewith 
contains any limit on liability (monetary or otherwise) of the independent auditors or such other 
expert. 
11. 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
12. 
The Issuer confirms that information sourced from a third party has been accurately reproduced in 
this Base Prospectus. So far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by such third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
13. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of 
the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their 
general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and 
for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to 
the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and 
their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the

--- Page 95 ---
- 87 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially 
the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading 
prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
14. 
The Issuer's website is https://www.norsketog.no/en/. Unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on this website does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
15. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
16. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 5493004632KI8NGDEX09. 
17. 
BNP Paribas Securities Services Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group providing 
client services with a worldwide network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of its 
operational processes to other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping 
ultimate accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg. 
Further information on the international operating model of BNP Paribas Securities Services Luxembourg 
Branch may be provided upon request.

--- Page 96 ---
10215153600-v28 
 
70-41024446 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Norske tog AS 
Drammensveien 35 
0271 Oslo 
Norway 
DEALERS 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias Gate 30 
Oslo 0191 
Norway  
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
SE-106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Finland  
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS 
P.O. Box 748, Sentrum, NO-0106 
Oslo, Norway 
THE TRUSTEE 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Fifth Floor 
100 Wood Street 
London EC2V 7EX 
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
PAYING AGENT AND REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453, Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
to the Issuer as to English law 
to the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom

--- Page 97 ---
10215153600-v28 
 
70-41024446 
 
to the Issuer as to Norwegian law 
Advokatfirmaet Grette AS 
Filipstad Brygge 2 
P.O. Box 1397 Vika 
0114 Oslo 
Norway 
LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-2085 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg