--- Page 1 ---
Prospectus 
Dated 7 November 2022 
 
NORSK HYDRO ASA 
(a Norwegian public limited liability company existing under the laws of Norway 
 with company registration number 914 778 271)  
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under the EUR 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Prospectus (the “Programme”), Norsk Hydro ASA (the “Issuer” or “Hydro”), subject 
to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for Notes issued under the Programme for the period of 12 months 
from the date of this Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of the Euronext Dublin (the “Official List”) and to Euronext Dublin for such Notes to be admitted to trading 
on the Euronext Dublin’s Regulated Market (the “Market”). The Issuer has further requested that the Central Bank of Ireland send to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory 
Authority (Finanstilsynet) (the "NFSA") in its capacity as the competent authority in Norway under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) (i) a copy of this Prospectus 
and (ii) a certificate of approval pursuant to Article 25 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) attesting that this Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, for purposes of listing Notes on the Oslo Stock 
Exchange (Oslo Børs). References in this Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and 
have been admitted to trading on the Market. The Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
markets in financial instruments, as amended (“MiFID II”). The applicable Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be 
listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Market (or any other stock exchange). 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. 
Each Series (as defined in “Overview of the Programme – Method of Issue”) of Notes in bearer form will be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form 
(each a “temporary Global Note”) or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a “permanent Global Note”). If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms 
to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common 
Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). Notes in registered form will be represented by 
registered certificates (each a “Certificate”), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series. Registered Notes 
issued in global form will be represented by registered global certificates (“Global Certificates”). If a Global Certificate is held under the New Safekeeping Structure (the 
“NSS”) the Global Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may include Notes issued by the Issuer designated as “VPS Notes” in the applicable Final Terms. 
Global notes which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS will be deposited on the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”). 
The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes 
while in Global Form”. 
The Programme is not rated. Tranches of Notes (as defined in “Overview of the Programme – Method of Issue”) to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the 
applicable rating(s) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union (the "EU") and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the “CRA Regulation”) will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or any U.S. state securities laws and, 
unless so registered, may not be offered or sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) except pursuant to an exemption from or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act and applicable U.S. state securities laws.  
This Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months from 7 November 2022. The obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that period. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Prospectus. 
 
 
Arranger 
CITIGROUP

--- Page 2 ---
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
DNB MARKETS 
HANDELSBANKEN CAPITAL MARKETS 
J.P. MORGAN 
SEB 
CITIGROUP 
DANSKE BANK 
GOLDMAN SACHS INTERNATIONAL 
ING 
NORDEA

--- Page 3 ---
3 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  
The Issuer (the “Responsible Person”) accepts responsibility for the information contained in this 
Prospectus and the Final Terms. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in 
this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Prospectus, as completed by Final Terms, makes 
no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Prospectus shall be read and construed on 
the basis that those documents are incorporated into and form part of this Prospectus. 
Except where such information has been incorporated by reference into this Prospectus (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), neither any website mentioned in this Prospectus nor any website directly 
or indirectly linked thereto has been verified and such websites do not form part of this Prospectus and 
investors should not rely on such information. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained or 
not consistent with this Prospectus or approved for such purpose by the Issuer. If given or made, any 
information or representation not so contained or approved must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (as defined in “Overview of the 
Programme”) or the Fiscal Agent, Paying Agents, Registrar, Transfer Agents, Calculation Agent or VPS 
Paying Agent. 
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus, nor any offering or sale made in connection herewith shall, under 
any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since 
the date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented 
or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or 
the date upon which this Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that the 
information contained in it or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in 
the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the “Securities Act”) and may include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in 
bearer form) delivered within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accept any responsibility for 
the contents of this Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger 
or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. The 
Arranger and each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract 
or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Prospectus or 
any such statement. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit 
or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger

--- Page 4 ---
4 
or the Dealers that any recipient of this Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the 
Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained in this Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of 
the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Prospectus nor to advise any investor 
or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the 
Arranger. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of the investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor should (a) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained in this Prospectus or 
any applicable supplement; (b) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, 
in the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact such 
investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; (c) have sufficient financial resources and 
liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including where the currency for principal 
or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; (d) understand thoroughly the 
terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(e) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of any Notes 
issued as Green Notes or Sustainability-Linked Notes, including the listing or admission to trading 
thereof on any dedicated ESG (as defined herein) or other equivalently labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market, to fulfil any “environmental”, “social”, “sustainable”, “governance” or 
"green" criteria required by any prospective investors. The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are they 
responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria for Green Projects (as defined herein), any 
verification of whether the Green Projects meet such criteria or the monitoring of the use of proceeds of 
any Green Notes (or amounts equal thereto). No assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers or any 
other person that the use of the proceeds of issue of any Green Notes will satisfy, whether in whole or in 
part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which any investor or its investments are required to comply. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
OFFER RESTRICTIONS 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers to 
subscribe to or purchase any of the Notes. The distribution of this Prospectus and the offering of the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes are required 
by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
For a description of further restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and distribution of this Prospectus, see 
“Subscription and Sale” below.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/ TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS –The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required 
by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of 
Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the 
SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 7 ---
7 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “Overview of the Programme – Method of 
Issue”), the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation 
Manager(s)”) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final 
Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes 
at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end 
no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date 
of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted 
by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) 
in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
GENERAL 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes (as described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes”) may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), the 
Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate (“STIBOR”) or the Norwegian inter-bank offered rate (“NIBOR”) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Prospectus, European Money Markets Institute (as 
administrator of EURIBOR) and Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (as administrator of NIBOR) appear on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the 
“BMR”) and the administrator of STIBOR does not appear in such register. As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply, such that the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility (as 
administrator of STIBOR) is currently not required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside 
the EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
Unless otherwise specified or the context requires, references to “USD” and “U.S.$” are to United States dollars, 
references to “euro”, “EUR” and “€” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the functioning of the EU and “cents” and “cent” shall 
be construed accordingly, references to “NOK” are to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Norway, 
references to “SEK” are to the lawful currency of Sweden and references to “BRL” are to the lawful currency 
of Brazil.  
Certain figures included in this Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly, and figures shown as totals in 
certain tables may not total exactly.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
Certain alternative performance measures (“APMs”) as described in the European Securities and Markets 
Authority Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures (the “ESMA Guidelines”) published on 5 October 
2015 by the ESMA and which came into force on 3 July 2016 are included or referred to in this Prospectus. 
APMs are not defined in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU 
(the “IFRS”) and are used by the Issuer within its financial publications to supplement disclosures prepared in 
accordance with other regulations. The Issuer considers that these measures provide useful information to 
enhance the understanding of its financial performance. The APMs should be viewed as complementary to, 
rather than a substitute for, the figures determined according to other regulatory measures. An explanation of 
each such APM's components and calculation methodology can be found at pages 28 to 31 (incorporated by 
reference herein) of the Q3 Interim Results (as defined below), pages 177 to 179 (incorporated by reference 
herein) of the 2021 Annual Report (as defined below) and at pages 279 to 283 (incorporated by reference herein) 
of the 2020 Annual Report (as defined below).

--- Page 9 ---
9 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Certain statements included in this Prospectus contain forward-looking information, including, without 
limitation, information relating to (a) forecasts, projections and estimates, (b) statements of Hydro’s 
management concerning plans, objectives and strategies, such as planned expansions, investments, divestments, 
curtailments or other projects, (c) targeted production volumes and costs, capacities or rates, start-up costs, cost 
reductions and profit objectives, (d) various expectations about future developments in Hydro’s markets, 
particularly prices, supply and demand and competition, (e) results of operations, (f) margins, (g) growth rates, 
(h) risk management, and (i) qualified statements such as “expected”, “scheduled”, “targeted”, “planned”, 
“proposed”, “intended” or similar. 
Although the Issuer believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, 
these forward-looking statements are based on a number of assumptions and forecasts that, by their nature, 
involve risk and uncertainty. Various factors could cause the Issuer’s actual results to differ materially from 
those projected in a forward-looking statement or affect the extent to which a particular projection is realised. 
Factors that could cause these differences include, but are not limited to: the Issuer’s continued ability to 
reposition and restructure its upstream and downstream businesses; changes in availability and cost of energy 
and raw materials; global supply and demand for aluminium and aluminium products; global economic growth, 
including rates of inflation and industrial production; changes in the relative value of currencies and the value 
of commodity contracts; trends in Hydro’s key markets and competition; and legislative, regulatory and political 
factors. 
No assurance can be given that such expectations will prove to have been correct. Hydro disclaims any 
obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future 
events or otherwise. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Issuer or 
any of its consolidated subsidiaries (being entities whose financial statements at any time are required by law 
or in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles to be fully consolidated with those of the Issuer, 
such subsidiaries and the Issuer being the "Group") are qualified in their entirety by the foregoing factors. 
 
SECOND PARTY OPINION AND EXTERNAL VERIFICATION  
In connection with the issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes (as defined in the Conditions) or Green Notes (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) under the Programme, the Issuer has obtained a Second Party Opinion 
from CICERO Shades of Green on its Green and Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework (each as defined 
in the Risk Factor: "Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking 
exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics"). In addition, in connection with the issue of 
Sustainability-Linked Notes, the Issuer will engage one or more External Verifier(s) (as defined in Conditions) 
to carry out the relevant assessments required for the purposes of providing an Assurance Report (as defined in 
the Conditions) in relation to any Sustainability-Linked Notes pursuant to (and as defined in) Condition 5. The 
Green and Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, the Second Party Opinion, the Environment, Social 
and Governance Report (as defined in the Conditions) and the Assurance Report(s), if and when prepared, will 
be accessible through the Issuer's website at: https://www.hydro.com/. However any information on, or 
accessible through, the Issuer's website and the information in such reports or the Green and Sustainability-
Linked Financing Framework or the Second Party Opinion is not part of this Prospectus and should not be 
relied upon in connection with making any investment decision with respect to any Notes to be issued under 
the Programme. In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Issuer or any other member of the 
Group or the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or 
certification of any third party in connection with the offering of any Sustainability-Linked Notes or Green 
Notes under the Programme. Any such opinion, report or certification and any other document related thereto

--- Page 10 ---
10 
is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus. Any such opinion, report 
or certification and any other document related thereto is only current as of the date that it was initially issued. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report or certification 
and any other document related thereto and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such 
opinion, report or certification for the purpose of any investment in the Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following: 
1. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2021, together with the audit report thereon, which appear on pages 111 to 157 and 173 to 175 of the 
Issuer's annual report and accounts for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the "2021 Annual Report") 
and 
which 
are 
available 
at 
https://www.hydro.com/globalassets/06-investors/reports-and-
presentations/annual-report/rdmar21/annual-report-2021-eng.pdf; 
2. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020, together with the audit report thereon, which appear on pages 141 to 209 and 224 to 228 of the 
Issuer's annual report and accounts for the year ended 31 December 2020 (the "2020 Annual Report") 
and 
which 
are 
available 
at 
https://www.hydro.com/globalassets/download-center/investor-
downloads/ar20/annual-report-2020-new.pdf; 
3. 
the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements for the nine months ended 30 September 2022, 
which appear on pages 19 to 27 of the Issuer's unaudited interim results for the nine months ended 30 
September 
2022 
(the 
"Q3 
Interim 
Results") 
and 
which 
are 
available 
at 
https://www.hydro.com/Document/Doc/Report%20Q3%202022.pdf?docId=587154;  
4. 
the following sections of the 2021 Annual Report:  
Strategic direction and key developments (excluding the section entitled 
Strengthen position in low-carbon aluminium on page 11) 
Pages 10 to 12 
The graphic entitled Lifting cash flows toward 2025 
Page 13 
The section entitled Clear principles for capital allocation  
Page 15 
Hydro’s presence  
Pages 17 to 24 
Market developments and outlook  
Pages 27 to 28 
Key performance measures  
Page 30 
The section entitled Improvement program  
Page 32 
Hydro’s key financial exposures  
Page 35 
Environmental, Social & Governance reporting – The Hydro Way 
Page 51 
Climate change  
Pages 75 to 79 
Environmental impact management  
Pages 80 to 84 
Innovation 
Pages 85 to 88 
Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) 
Pages 177 to 179 
Production capacity and volumes  
Pages 192 to 194; 
 
5. 
The section entitled Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) which appears on pages 279 to 283 of 
the 2020 Annual Report; and  
6. 
the following sections of the Q3 Interim Results:

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Overview  
Pages 3 to 8 
Market developments and outlook  
Pages 9 to 10 
Business areas  
Pages 12 to 17 
Finance and Tax  
Page 18 
Alternative performance measures (APMs) 
Pages 28 to 31, 
 
together, the “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
The Documents Incorporated by Reference have been previously published or will be published simultaneously 
with this Prospectus and have been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland or filed with it. The Documents 
Incorporated by Reference shall be incorporated in and form part of this Prospectus, save that any statement 
contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the 
purpose of this Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier 
statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, 
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus.  
Those parts of the documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus which are not specifically 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus are either not relevant for prospective investors in the Notes or the 
relevant information is covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) from the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.hydro.com 
and 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
Except where such information has been incorporated by reference into this Prospectus, neither any website 
mentioned in this Prospectus nor any website directly or indirectly linked thereto has been verified and does 
not form part of this Prospectus and investors should not rely on such information.  
Prospective investors should consult their own professional advisers to gain an understanding of the financial 
information incorporated by reference in this document. 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Prospectus relating to the Issuer has been derived 
from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 
2020, and 2021 have been prepared in accordance with the applicable International Financial Reporting 
Standards (“IFRS”) as adopted by the EU. The Issuer has also presented certain alternative performance 
measures below for additional analysis. See “Alternative Performance Measures”.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate amendment or supplement to 
this Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted 
to trading on the Market, shall constitute a prospectus supplement as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................................15 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................22 
DESCRIPTION OF HYDRO ............................................................................................................................40 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES ......................................................53 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS .............................................................................................................................57 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................58 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .....................102 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................108 
TAXATION .....................................................................................................................................................109 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................ 111 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................. 116 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................129

--- Page 15 ---
15 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME  
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the more detailed information contained elsewhere in 
this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche, the applicable Final 
Terms.  
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the respective meanings given to them in the 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (the “Conditions”). 
Issuer/Hydro: 
Norsk Hydro ASA (a Norwegian public limited liability 
company existing under the laws of Norway, with company 
registration number 914 778 271) 
Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer: 
549300N1SDN71ZZ8BO45 
Website of the Issuer: 
https://www.hydro.com/  
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Size: 
Up to EUR 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies 
at the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. 
Arranger: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited   
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Danske Bank A/S 
DNB Bank ASA 
Goldman Sachs International 
ING Bank N.V. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
The Issuer may, from time to time, terminate the appointment of 
any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme. References in this Prospectus to “Permanent 
Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all Permanent 
Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or 
more Tranches. 
Fiscal Agent: 
Citibank N.A., London Branch

--- Page 16 ---
16 
Registrar: 
Citibank Europe Plc 
VPS Paying Agent:  
DNB Bank ASA  
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having 
one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or 
identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), 
the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable 
with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in 
tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, 
where necessary, with the relevant terms and conditions and, 
save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of 
interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to 
the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed 
in the final terms (the “Final Terms”). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount.  
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”), in 
registered form (“Registered Notes”) or as “VPS Notes” only 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be represented on issue by a 
temporary Global Note if (i) definitive Notes are to be made 
available to Noteholders following the expiry of 40 days after 
their issue date or (ii) such Notes have an initial maturity of more 
than one year and are being issued in compliance with the D 
Rules (as defined in “Selling Restrictions” below) otherwise 
such Tranche will be represented by a permanent Global Note.  
Registered Notes will be represented by Certificates, one 
Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire 
holding of Registered Notes for the relevant Series. Certificates 
representing Registered Notes that are registered in the name of 
a nominee for one or more clearing systems are referred to as 
“Global Certificates”. 
Notes may be specified in the applicable Final Terms as “VPS 
Notes”. VPS Notes will be issued by the Issuer pursuant to a 
Registrar Agreement with DNB Bank ASA as VPS Paying Agent 
and will be registered in uncertificated and dematerialised book 
entry form in accordance with the Norwegian Central Securities 
Depository Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6, as amended from time 
to time. 
Clearing Systems: 
In relation to VPS Notes only, the Norwegian Central Securities 
Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA (“VPS”), and for all other 
Notes Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to 
any Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed 
between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant 
Global Note is a NGN or the relevant Global Certificate is held 
under the NSS, the Global Note or Global Certificate will be 
delivered to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or before the issue date for each 
Tranche, if the relevant Global Note is a CGN or the relevant 
Global Certificate is not held under the NSS, the Global Note 
representing Bearer Notes or the Global Certificate representing 
Registered Notes may be deposited with a common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes or 
Global Certificates may also be deposited with any other clearing 
system or may be delivered outside any clearing system provided 
that the method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. Registered 
Notes that are to be credited to one or more clearing systems on 
issue will be registered in the name of nominees or a common 
nominee for such clearing systems.  
VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or 
document of title. Entitlements to VPS Notes will be evidenced 
by the crediting of VPS Notes to the Noteholders’ accounts with 
the VPS.  
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
requirements, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers.  
Maturities: 
Any maturity subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory requirements. 
Specified Denomination: 
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms save that the minimum specified 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable 
to the relevant Specified Currency and save that the minimum 
specified denomination of each Note shall be €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the 
Notes). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If an indication of yield is included in the applicable Final Terms, 
the yield of each Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes will be calculated 
on the basis of the relevant issue price at the relevant issue date. 
It is not an indication of future yield. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows:  
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the

--- Page 18 ---
18 
2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
(each as defined in the Conditions), as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; or 
 
(ii) 
by reference to EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms),   
as adjusted for any applicable margin agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of Floating Rate Notes, 
and subject to the benchmark discontinuation provisions set out 
in Condition 5(j).  
Interest periods will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”) may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
to it and will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different 
rates in the same interest period. All such information will be set 
out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes:  
The applicable Final Terms will state whether the Notes are 
Sustainability-Linked Notes.  
A Step Up Event is linked to the failure of the Issuer to achieve 
certain sustainability performance targets in relation to key 
performance indicators or the failure of the Issuer to report on 
such key performance indicators in relation to an applicable 
Reference Year (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). The 
applicable Final Terms shall specify whether one or more Step 
Up Events shall apply in respect of each Series of Sustainability-
Linked Notes and the relevant Step Up Margin or, as applicable, 
Redemption Premium Amount in respect of each such Step Up 
Event. 
In the case of Notes in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms indicate that ‘Sustainability-Linked Notes (Step Up 
Option)’ is applicable, for any Interest Accrual Period 
commencing on or after the Interest Payment Date immediately 
following a Step Up Event, if any, the applicable Rate of Interest 
or the applicable Margin (as applicable) shall be increased by the 
relevant Step Up Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to conditions set out in Condition 5(k).  
In the case of Notes in respect of which the applicable Final 
Terms indicate that ‘Sustainability-Linked Notes (Redemption 
Premium Option)’ is applicable, if a Step Up Event occurs, the 
Issuer shall pay to each Noteholder an amount equal to the 
relevant Redemption Premium Amount specified in the

--- Page 19 ---
19 
applicable Final Terms on the relevant Redemption Premium 
Payment Date (or, if the Issuer gives notice of its intention to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 6 and the 
relevant early redemption date falls prior to such Redemption 
Premium Payment Date, on the relevant early redemption date), 
subject to conditions set out in Condition 5(k).  
Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the relevant Maturity Date. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating 
the redemption amounts payable.  
Early Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons: 
The Notes are subject to redemption at the option of the Issuer, 
in whole but not in part, at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
defined in the Conditions) together with accrued interest (if any) 
and in the case of Redemption Premium Notes only, any 
applicable Redemption Premium Amount that has become 
payable pursuant to Condition 5(k) but not yet been paid, if the 
Issuer becomes obliged to pay additional amounts as a result of 
changes to the laws and regulations of the Relevant Jurisdiction 
and certain other conditions are satisfied, all as described under 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes — Redemption, Purchase 
and Options – Redemption for Taxation Reasons”. 
Optional Redemption:  
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the holders, and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption. 
Clean-up Call Option:  
If the applicable Final Terms states that the Clean-up Call option 
applies, the Issuer may, if 85 per cent. or more in nominal amount 
of the Notes issued have been redeemed or purchased, redeem or 
purchase (or procure the purchase of) all but not some only of 
the remaining outstanding Notes at their Clean-Up Price together 
with accrued interest (if any) and in the case of Redemption 
Premium Notes only, any applicable Redemption Premium 
Amount that has become payable pursuant to Condition 5(k) but 
not yet been paid. 
Change of Control Put Option: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will 
state whether such Notes may be redeemed before their stated 
maturity at the option of the Noteholders if a Change of Control 
Put Event (as defined in the Conditions) occurs at the Change of 
Control Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms together with accrued interest (if any) and in the case of 
Redemption Premium Notes only, any applicable Redemption 
Premium Amount that has become payable pursuant to 
Condition 5(k) but not yet been paid. 
Status of Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional and (subject to 
the negative pledge in Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the

--- Page 20 ---
20 
Issuer, all as described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Status”. 
Negative Pledge: 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Negative Pledge”. 
Cross Acceleration: 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Events of Default”.  
Ratings: 
The Programme is not rated.  
 
Tranches of Notes will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is to be rated, such rating will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will 
be made free and clear of withholding taxes imposed by the 
Kingdom of Norway, unless the withholding is required by law. 
In such event, the Issuer shall, subject to customary exceptions, 
pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the 
Noteholders of such amounts as would have been received by it 
had no such withholding been required, all as described in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Taxation”. 
Governing Law: 
The Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with English law, except that Norwegian law will be 
applicable with regard to the registration of VPS Notes in the 
VPS.  
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to list the Notes to be issued under 
the Programme on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to 
admit them to trading on the Market or as otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and references to listing shall be 
construed accordingly. As specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, a Series of Notes may be unlisted. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The United States, Canada, the EEA, the UK, Switzerland, 
Singapore and Japan. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S. 
 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) unless (i) the 
applicable Final Terms states that Notes are issued in compliance 
with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the “TEFRA C 
Rules”) or (ii) the Notes are issued other than in compliance with 
the TEFRA D Rules or the TEFRA C Rules but in circumstances 
in which the Notes will not constitute “registration required 
obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances 
will be referred to in the applicable Final Terms as a transaction 
to which TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Use of Proceeds:  
Unless (i) otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or (ii) 
the relevant Final Terms specifies the relevant Tranche of Notes 
as being “Green Notes", the net proceeds from the issue of each 
Tranche of Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
Sustainability-Linked Notes) will be applied by the Issuer for its 
general corporate purposes, including, without limitation, the 
refinancing of outstanding indebtedness. If, in respect of any 
particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, 
this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that a Series of Notes are 
“Green Notes” then the Issuer will use an amount equal to the 
net proceeds of the issuance of the Notes to fund Green Projects.  
See "Use of Proceeds".

--- Page 22 ---
22 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make 
all payments due in respect of the Notes. The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the Notes. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. In addition, 
risk factors which are specific to the Notes are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent all the material or principal risks inherent in investing in 
the Notes, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes 
may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding 
any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this 
Prospectus, including any information incorporated by reference, and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. 
Although risks have been categorised, investors should note that the risks contained herein may have an impact on one 
another, even if that cross-impact is not specifically noted below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus and reach their 
own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or elsewhere in this Prospectus have the 
same meanings in this section. 
Prospective investors should consider, among other things, the following:  
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND ITS ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER THE NOTES 
Risks related to the issuer's business activities and industry 
Competitive environment and new strategic direction 
The Group is exposed to disruptive technological developments by its direct competitors and by other competing 
materials and industries. Materials produced with technologies which have lower carbon footprints could have a 
significant advantage over aluminium in key application areas. 
The successful industrialisation of competing metals with lower sustainability footprints could increase the risk of 
substitution and potentially lower demand for aluminium. The successful commercialisation of breakthrough 
technological developments such as inert anodes would adversely impact the Group’s competitive advantage as an 
aluminium producer with one of the lowest CO2 footprints. The Group’s new business ventures into growth markets 
such as hydrogen, batteries and solar energy expose the Group to the increased risks associated with immature 
technologies, such as sudden breakthroughs rendering existing investments obsolete. 
The increasing focus on sustainability is part of a long-term trend and is expected to continue going forward. Many 
other industries and competing materials are researching CO2-free production methods, including the production of 
steel using hydrogen. Within the aluminium industry, several research initiatives are looking into inert anode 
technology to reduce direct process emissions. 
The Group has developed a longer-term technology roadmap to decarbonise its main processes such as primary 
smelting and recycling, with an ambition to become carbon neutral by 2050. Alongside decarbonisation, progress 
has been made across key sustainability areas including stronger community relationships and a focus on 
environmental impacts such as biodiversity, waste and water in Brazil. Initiatives to improve the Group's social and 
environmental impact are monitored, communicated and reported on a regular basis. Within primary aluminium 
production, the Group is working on various methods to reduce direct emissions, while also targeting to increase the 
use of post-consumer scrap, thereby reducing total energy usage and metal waste. In 2021, both the Group’s long-

--- Page 23 ---
23 
term sustainability ambitions and short-term targets have been updated based on technological and commercial 
developments, reinforcing the Group’s industry position. A failure to deliver on these targets and ambitions could 
materially negatively impact the Group’s license to operate (including but not limited to its social license and/or its 
government license), reputation and increase the risk of substitution away from aluminium. 
Value chain concentration  
The Group receives almost all of its alumina from Group-owned operations in Brazil, whereby the bauxite mine at 
Paragominas in Brazil supplies the majority of raw materials to the Alunorte alumina refinery through a pipeline. 
The Group’s integrated aluminium production chain poses risks related to value chain concentration, where 
disruptions in the bauxite and alumina production located in one region in Brazil could negatively impact metal 
production in other parts of the Group. 
On several occasions during the past few years, the Group experienced challenges with respect to its operations in 
Brazil due to a combination of factors involving physical climate incidents, asset integrity (ability to run assets 
effectively and reliably) and a complex political and social environment. In response, the Group has made significant 
efforts to enhance the robustness of its operations in the region. 
Macro-economic developments, geopolitical tensions, protectionism and trade disruptions 
The aluminium industry is pro-cyclical with demand for products closely linked to economic development. This 
results in significant volatility in market prices for aluminium products in periods of macro-economic uncertainty or 
recession. Macro-economic developments also drive changes in currency values, which have a significant adverse 
effect on the Group’s cost and competitive position. 
High inflation, increasing interest rates, higher energy costs and any additional adverse impacts on the macro-
economic environment, such as those stemming from the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, may negatively affect 
the ability of the Group’s customers to fulfil their payment obligations to the Group and thus result in credit losses 
and deterioration of the Group’s financial situation. Further, such macro-economic uncertainty could lead to a 
reduction in demand for the Group’s products. For instance, in response to a significant reduction in market demand 
for aluminium billets in Europe and high energy prices, the Group decided to close its majority owned primary 
aluminium Hydro Slovaco plant in Slovakia and partially curtail production at their Hydro Karmøy and Hydro 
Husnes plants in Norway. Any such deteriorations in the economic environment in the countries where the Group 
operates, or the markets globally, could have a material direct or indirect negative impact on the operations, financial 
condition cash flow and results of operations of the Group. 
The Group operates in several countries which could face energy scarcity resulting in the rationing of energy, either 
caused by sudden events such as the curtailment of gas supply from Russia or gradually increasing supply challenges, 
particularly during winter months. Energy rationing could materially disrupt the Group's operations in those countries 
which in turn could have a material adverse impact on the Group's business.  
Supply chain disruptions, both logistical and geopolitical, are adversely impacting the supply and cost of certain raw 
materials to the Group’s operations as well as the Group’s customers’ ability to receive goods for which they are 
dependent to run their operations. This has been further exacerbated by shipping constraints. Consequently, these 
disruptions could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations.  
Protectionism can harm trade and activity, as reversed trade integration can lower economic growth. For instance, in 
March 2021, the EU imposed anti-dumping duties on certain extrusions from China for a period of five years. Such 
higher import duties and the introduction of other trade barriers increase costs, impact both the quantity and price of 
internationally traded goods and can further affect financial flows and credit conditions, and this could materially 
adversely impact the Group's operating results, cash flow and financial condition. 
Structural collapse or any other major accident

--- Page 24 ---
24 
The Group is exposed to a risk of major accidents such as the collapse of a hydropower dam, an incident at its tailings 
storage at Paragominas or bauxite residue storage facilities (Alunorte, Schwandorf), the collapse of the entire port 
structure at the Alunorte alumina refinery, or a rupture of its bauxite slurry pipeline (Paragominas, Alunorte). 
Any occurrence of such incidents could have a significant and potentially lasting adverse impact on the environment 
as well as the health and safety of employees, contractors and nearby communities. In addition, The Group might 
need to shut down its operations and may be subjected to fines, legal disputes and reputational damage thereby 
causing a material adverse impact on the Group’s operating results, cash flow and financial condition. 
As mentioned above, the Group is exposed to a risk of major accidents. If there was a major accident at one of the 
Group's facilities (including, without limitation) a collapse of residue deposits, it could have a material adverse 
impact on the Group's operations at such facilities and its reputation.  
Although the Group maintains insurance to protect against certain risks in such amounts as it considers reasonable 
and in accordance with market practice, its insurance may not cover all the potential risks associated with its 
operations, and therefore any material disruption (especially if not covered by Hydro's insurance) could have a 
material adverse impact on its business and financial condition. 
Insufficient asset integrity 
The Group is exposed to a range of risks and hazards which could cause disruption to operations across the Group’s 
business areas through critical equipment breakdowns and power failures. Operational disruptions might reduce or 
interrupt production at key plants for significant periods of time, materially affecting the Group’s financial results 
and cash flows. For instance, one of the four production lines at the Group’s part-owned aluminium plant Albras shut 
down from 19 February 2022 to 29 July 2022 due to an internal power distribution failure. This reduced the plant’s 
overall production capacity by 25 per cent. during the period, negatively impacting the Group’s financial results and 
cash flows. 
Furthermore, some operations are located close to sizable communities where operational events could also result in 
significant and potentially lasting adverse impacts on the environment as well as the health and safety of employees, 
contractors and nearby communities. These impacts might trigger claims, fines and further damage the profitability 
and reputation of the Group. 
Risks and hazards in Hydro Bauxite & Alumina remains a subject of ongoing focus. For example, Hydro obtains its 
bauxite from two main sources, the majority is via a 244 km pipeline from Paragominas to Alunorte and the remainder 
transported by vessel from MRN to Alunorte. Any major disruption to this supply of bauxite to Alunorte would have 
material adverse effects on the Group's operations.  
Major cyber-attack 
The Group’s information systems and information technology ("IT") infrastructure is critical to all its operations, 
ranging from process control systems at production sites to central personnel databases and systems for external 
financial reporting. 
Cybercrime is increasing globally thus exposing the Group to a range of threats to the integrity, availability and 
confidentiality of its systems. Threats may include attempts to access information, ransomware attacks, destructive 
installation of viruses, denial of service and other digital security breaches and loss or theft of customer data. 
Contributing factors include the shift to remote work for relevant engineering and maintenance activities. A cyber 
breach could result in a broad range of impacts including health and safety of employees and contractors, operational 
disruptions and the leakage of private or confidential data. The underlying cyber security risk remains high as 
malicious actors innovate and evolve their techniques to increase their success rate. 
Threats related to the cyber security of IT and industrial control systems have developed rapidly over the past year, 
supporting the overall assessment that the Group’s global risk remains high. The Group continues to strengthen its

--- Page 25 ---
25 
defenses by delivering prioritised security capabilities based on best practice standards and frameworks for 
information technology and industrial control systems to protect the central IT infrastructure and industrial control 
system across business areas. However, these initiatives may fail to deliver the expected results or prove to be 
inadequate to prevent cyber-attacks or security breaches that manipulate or improperly use the Group’s systems or 
networks. Such events could result in a broad range of events that could have a material adverse effect on the Group 
and its business including, including health, safety and environment events, operational disruptions and the leakage 
of private or confidential data.  
Legal, compliance and regulatory risk  
Regulatory & policy framework uncertainty 
The aluminium industry is subject to multiple local and global regulatory frameworks, including mining regulations, 
tariffs, labor laws and power industry regulations. Additionally, climate-related regulations in the EU such as the 
implementation of national and regional CO2 taxes and increased focus on similar regulations in the United States 
are at the forefront of the current uncertainty. The growing pressure to meet climate goals is driving the pace of new 
regulations and their increased scope regarding all aspects of sustainability.  
For instance, in July 2021, The European Commission published its “Fit for 55” climate legislative package, which 
includes extensive policies aimed at meeting tougher emissions targets. Among these, the carbon border adjustment 
mechanism and concurrent changes to existing carbon leakage legislation have the most consequences for the 
aluminium industry.  
The “Fit for 55” climate legislative package includes amongst other things, a review of the emissions trading system 
(the "ETS") which could reduce free allowances and introduce additional cap reductions which lower the total 
amount of ETS 2021-2030 quota. Indirect emissions could be included in the carbon tax adjustment mechanism, 
while CO2 cost compensations are removed. The US is also considering the introduction of a similar mechanism.   
In addition, there is uncertainty around potential structural reform to the EU’s electricity market design in addition 
to various national and EU initiatives already introduced to soften the impact of the energy crisis.  
The sustainability driven developments in regulatory frameworks largely represent an opportunity for the Group. 
There might however be unintended consequences arising from the complexity, uneven impact of and increased 
focus on legislation, potentially impacting aluminium’s competitiveness versus other materials, the economic 
viability of the Group’s operations and/or its ability to conduct business in certain markets.  
The requirements for the first phase of the EU’s common classification system for sustainable activities, EU 
Taxonomy, were formally adopted in June 2021 with the ultimate aim of strengthening capital flows toward 
sustainable activities. The first phase covers climate change mitigation and adaptation. For the Issuer, the EU 
taxonomy criteria for sustainable activities could affect its cost of capital. 
A failure to comply with such laws and multiple local and global regulatory frameworks could expose the Group to 
investigations, criminal and civil sanctions (for example, fines, penalties, or revocation or denial of the necessary 
regulatory approvals for the Group’s activities) and other consequences such as reputational damage. Any of these 
consequences could materially adversely affect the Group’s financial results. 
Material social, legal or compliance incident(s) 
The Group could be negatively affected by any criminal or civil proceedings or investigations related, but not limited 
to, alleged anti-competitive or corrupt practices, product quality, environment, health and safety, data privacy, market 
regulation or trade sanctions. The Group could also be exposed to allegations or perceived failures to act in an ethical 
or socially responsible manner, particularly with respect to human rights breaches.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
One legal case involving a US subsidiary is still in progress.  Hydro Extrusion USA, LLC executed a plea agreement 
under which it admitted to a federal misdemeanour violation of the Clean Air Act at its cast house in The Dalles, 
Oregon. The sentencing hearing is expected to be held in January 2023.   
New business units within renewable energy, batteries and hydrogen require specific focus. Risks arising from 
regulatory developments within the various compliance areas are mitigated by continuous improvements of the 
Group’s compliance structures and processes. The Group’s controls and initiatives may, however, be insufficient to 
mitigate the risk of non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations and if such risk materialises there could be 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s business. Potential consequences range from fines or penalties, contractual, 
litigation and reputational risk, withdrawal of licenses, and suspension or operational shutdowns thereby causing a 
material adverse impact on the Group’s operating results, cash flow and financial condition. 
Material tax change 
The Group’s global reach involves complexity and potential volatility linked to regulatory changes on direct and 
indirect taxes as well as to Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development/EU initiatives, such as the 
Mandatory Disclosure Rules ("MDR") and the global tax reform. Changes to tax regulations can occur suddenly and 
materially impact the Group’s financial results and cash flow as well as influence decisions with regard to future 
investments. 
For instance, in Brazil, the tax system is complex and volatile, with a broad range of direct and indirect taxes levied 
at federal, state and municipal levels, including the Issuer’s Imposto Sobre Circulação de Mercadorias e Serviços 
("ICMS") which is an indirect tax charged on circulation of goods and services. Brazil has a general ICMS exemption 
on exports. Under a 15 years framework agreed in 2015 with the state of Para, Hydro Paragominas, Hydro Alunorte 
and Albras are on certain conditions entitled to a deferral of the payment of ICMS assessed on the Group's operations 
in the state of Para. A potential discontinuation of the ICMS deferral would materially adversely affect Hydro’s 
operating results from its Brazilian operations. In 2020, ICMS deferral was approved by the Brazilian National 
Council of Finance Policy, and thereby reduced the risk of an immediate ICMS deferral removal. A large portfolio 
of cases pertaining to the Group’s business in Brazil is disputed by tax authorities, of which close to half are covered 
by tax indemnification stemming from acquisitions. 
Hydro is engaged in a systematic dialogue with local, state and federal politicians, industry associations, non-
governmental organisations and local communities regarding the regulatory challenges facing the Group's operations. 
The focus of this dialogue is on the Group’s contribution to a sustainable aluminium value chain and underlines the 
need for competitive and predictable framework conditions for its operations. The Group continuously monitors and 
responds to global regulatory changes, including the development and implementation of MDR guidelines as a 
response to the EU MDR Directive (a directive issued by the EU in relation to the MDR). Nonetheless, regulatory 
changes such as the OECD/EU initiatives pertaining to the Global Tax Reform, and tax transparency, together with 
multiple changes in local tax regulations, constantly shift the global tax landscape which is challenging to predict 
and navigate. 
Environmental, social and governance risks 
Challenges arising from sustainability trends 
The expectations from internal and external stakeholders continue to evolve with regard to the Group’s sustainability 
performance. Key stakeholders are increasingly looking beyond carbon and focusing on the overall sustainability 
footprint, including environmental and social factors. Further, in addition to current climate change targets, the focus 
on biodiversity and social aspects is expected to increase as decarbonisation roadmaps become more mature. 
Customers’ expectations reflect this across all aspects of sustainability and along the entire value chain.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
Regulations are tightening, especially in Europe. Investments in research and development toward greener solutions 
are growing, which increases the drive to deliver sustainable materials. In general, all geographies, industries and 
companies are expected to come under increased scrutiny. 
The aluminium production process is energy and carbon-intensive. The Group is working on various methods to 
reduce direct emissions, while also targeting increased use of post-consumer scrap, thereby reducing total energy 
usage and metal waste. A failure to deliver on expectations could negatively impact the Group’s license to operate 
(including but not limited to its social license and/or its government license), damage its reputation and increase the 
risk of substitution away from aluminium.  
Climate related physical and transition risks  
Chronic changes to temperatures, long term increases in heat stress, increased temperature variability, acute 
heatwaves or cold waves, wildfire, changing wind patterns and precipitation patterns, occurrences of storm events, 
long term variations in precipitation or hydrological cycles, rises in sea levels, water stress, droughts, sudden heavy 
precipitation leading to floods, soil or coastal erosion, landslides and avalanches are some of the forms of climate 
change that could occur. 
The physical impacts of climate change on the Group's facilities and operations are uncertain. Climate change could 
result in physical events that adversely affect the Group’s operations by causing disruptions or major incidents, and 
the Group may not be able to maintain sufficient insurance to cover all risks related to its operations.  
The Group faces risks both as a result of acute and sudden climate related physical events, and as a result of chronic, 
longer-term changes. The physical manifestations of climate change could lead to operational and environmental 
incidents within the Group’s operations. For example, flooding of containment basins or increasing temperatures 
leading to increased emissions from the Group’s processes, mining and processing equipment failures, unexpected 
maintenance problems and interruptions, and critical failures to infrastructure integrity that in turn can lead to 
environmental spills and danger to surrounding communities. Such physical events could lead to reputational risks 
and a significant impact on the Group’s financial operations and cash flow. 
The transition to a low-carbon economy requires development and implementation of new technologies. The Group’s 
technology may not be able to meet the abatement and emissions requirements set by regulatory bodies.  
Fatal or life-changing accidents  
The Group’s operations are varied from mining in Brazil, aluminium smelting in Norway to extrusions in Europe, 
the US, South- America and China. Each activity poses serious safety risks which, if not controlled, could cause 
serious injuries or fatalities. 
Despite the Group’s best efforts, high-risk incidents do occur. All such incidents are treated seriously and investigated 
to their root causes to prevent recurrence. 
High-risk incidents with the potential for life-changing injury continue to decrease in both number and rate. However, 
the Group has experienced a small increase in injury-free but potentially fatal incidents with machinery-related safety 
near misses, and in Brazil, where several armed events targeting contractors involved in pipeline maintenance have 
occurred. 
There have been no life-threatening injuries to employees or contractor for 2021 and 2022 to date, however there 
was one life-changing injury to a contractor in 2022. High-risk actions and completion rates are critically reviewed 
to ensure robust processes and learning across all sites. Frequent health, safety, security and environment network 
meetings connect specialists from all business areas, who discuss preventative control measures following high-risk 
incidents and who share best practices and innovative solutions. Machinery safety and asset-integrity incidents are 
receiving attention to further prevent failures and constitute an improvement area.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
However, these measures may be insufficient to reduce the risks associated with major occupational health, safety 
and security incidents. 
Life-changing injuries affect the quality of life of the injured person and often require significant adjustments at 
home and work. This could be associated with long-lasting psychological impacts on the injured person and family, 
together with the need for ongoing financial support from the Group. In addition, police or health and safety agencies 
might impose sanctions, including imprisonment and fines on the Group as a result of such injuries or accidents. 
Civil action could result in compensation claims against the Group. In addition, the Group might need to shut down 
its operations and may be subjected to fines, legal disputes, sanctions and reputational damage. As a result, any major 
occupational health, safety and security incidents could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business and 
reputation. 
Security incidents 
The Group is exposed to several security risks such as public violence, robbery or theft. These risks could potentially 
also be associated with environmental incidents through attacks on the pipeline or business interruptions.  
For instance, several firearm related incidents and robberies occurred in relation to the Group’s pipeline replacement 
program, and recently armed violence and theft increased in Barcarena and its surrounding areas in Brazil. 
The Group closely monitors the performance of its security providers, one of which has achieved international 
accreditation and recognition, but the presence of such security providers may not be sufficient to negate the risk. 
The outcome of the materialisation of such security risks could be psychological impact on employees, a serious 
injury or single or multiple fatalities to those involved. As a result this could increase the Group's cost of doing 
business (for example due to increased security costs or curtailment of operations or travel of employees while the 
issues are being investigated and security is being restored), and negatively impact the Group's reputation, and this 
could have a material adverse effect on the business of the Group.  
Impact on the environment 
The Group’s mining and industrial operations are exposed to possible risks that such mining and/or industrial 
operations could have a negative impact on the environment. These risks related to the effects of known and unknown 
historical and current emissions to air, water and soil around large assets. These risks are also usually long- term, and 
to a large extent related to its Bauxite & Alumina operations in Brazil. Chemical usage and waste production are 
present at the Group’s sites and have an inherent risk related to emissions to air, water and soil, leading to negative 
impacts on the health and safety of people living or working near the sites. Aluminium Metal and Bauxite & Alumina 
are the business areas most exposed to the risk of significant negative impacts on the environment, due to the volumes 
of hazardous materials used and locations of large sites. 
Many operational sites in the Group have some form of environmental legacy that will need to be remediated prior 
to site closure. Examples include areas with contaminated ground and landfills that could potentially impact the 
environment if there is a route of exposure, such as spreading to the food chain via groundwater. Such events could 
have a significant and potentially lasting impact on the aquatic life, flora, fauna and they may pose health risks to 
nearby communities if, for example, ground water becomes contaminated. This could potentially lead to the Group 
shutting down its operations, being subjected to fines or legal disputes, negative reputational impact as well as a 
material impact on its financial results and cash flow. 
Global pandemic  
The Group’s vertically integrated value chain and global footprint are exposed to rapidly evolving and spreading 
communicable diseases. The actions it takes in anticipation of and response to a pandemic may affect its ability to 
maintain stable operations across business areas and corporate functions.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
On a broader scale, a global pandemic may significantly impact the demand for the Group’s products as well as its 
ability to deliver to the market. 
The Covid-19 pandemic continues to evolve and it is uncertain to what extent new variants of the virus might affect 
population health and the stability of operations. The Group operated throughout the challenging 2019 – 2021 period 
without any major disruptions through the strict adoption of rules set by relevant local authorities together with 
Hydro-specific measures. In addition, emphasis has been given to the mental health state of the Group’s staff 
impacted by long-standing social distancing rules, and the Group continues to encourage vaccination according to 
the guidelines set by authorities in countries where it operates. 
High transmission rates among employees, contractors, stakeholders and communities may lead to the prolonged 
shutdown of operations, either due to government-imposed restrictions, insufficient manning, social unrest or the 
Group’s inability to provide a safe environment. The Group’s suppliers and customers may also be inhibited from 
receiving raw materials, which could further disrupt production and sales. 
Financial risks 
Key financial exposure 
The Group’s operating results are primarily affected by price developments of its main products, raw materials, 
margin developments and fluctuations in the most significant currencies for Hydro, which are USD, NOK, EUR and 
BRL due to the geographical distribution of the Group’s operations.  
Hydro enters into derivative forward sale contracts both on the London Metal Exchange ("LME") and with banks to 
secure prices on parts of the planned aluminium production as part of securing a margin level for periods up to about 
three years when considered beneficial. To mitigate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations, long-term debt is mainly 
maintained in currencies reflecting underlying exposures and cash generation. However such measures might not be 
sufficient to mitigate the risk of sustained commodity price rises, significant fluctuations in currencies and this could 
have a material adverse impact on the Group's operating results and cash flow. 
RISK FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE 
MARKET RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE NOTES 
Risks Relating to a Particular Issue of Notes  
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain such features: 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to such “benchmarks”  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be ‘benchmarks’ (including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”), the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate (“STIBOR”) and the Norwegian inter-bank offered rate 
(“NIBOR”)) are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. 
Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such 
a ‘benchmark’.  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “BMR”) was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 29 June 
2016 and, subject to certain transitional provisions, applied from 1 January 2018. The BMR applies to the provision 
of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. Among 
other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject 
to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities 
of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or

--- Page 30 ---
30 
recognised or endorsed). Similarly, Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK BMR”) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark 
and the use of a benchmark within the UK. 
The BMR and UK BMR could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a ‘benchmark’, in 
particular if the methodology or other terms of the ‘benchmark’ are changed in order to comply with the requirements 
of the BMR and/or the UK BMR. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing 
or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant ‘benchmark’. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
‘benchmarks’, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
‘benchmark’ and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR, NIBOR and/or STIBOR will 
continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR, NIBOR and/or STIBOR to perform differently 
than they have done in the past, and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have 
(without limitation) the following effects on certain ‘benchmarks’ (including EURIBOR, NIBOR and/or STIBOR): 
(i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such ‘benchmark’; (ii) triggering 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in the ‘benchmark’ and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the 
‘benchmark’. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national 
reforms or other initiatives or investigations could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Notes linked to or referencing a ‘benchmark’.  
The Conditions provide for certain fall-back arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if 
an Original Reference Rate becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) is no longer permitted lawfully 
to calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such an Original Reference Rate under the BMR and the UK BMR 
or otherwise. Such fall-back arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference 
to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Conditions), with the application of an adjustment 
spread and may include amendments to the Conditions to ensure the proper operation of the successor or alternative 
benchmark, all as determined by the Independent Advisor (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner). The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (with the application of an adjustment spread) will still 
result in any Notes linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its 
current form. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or (in either case) 
Adjustment Spread is determined, the ultimate fall-back for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a 
particular Interest Accrual Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Accrual Period 
being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes. Due to the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the involvement of an Independent Adviser and 
the potential for further regulatory developments, there is a risk that the relevant fall-back provisions may not operate 
as intended at the relevant time.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the BMR and/or the UK BMR or any of the international or national reforms and the possible application 
of the benchmark replacement provisions of the Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
linked to or referencing a ‘benchmark’.  
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer may have a lower market value than Notes that cannot be 
redeemed

--- Page 31 ---
31 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 6(c) (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons), Condition 6(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option)), Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call)) and Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Clean-
up Call)) of the Conditions. An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.  
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower 
rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.  
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to changes 
in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to their 
nominal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest bearing securities, and Notes may be issued at such a discount or premium. Usually, the longer the remaining 
term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. If Notes are issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount, they may 
be subject to significant price volatility and fluctuations (which may be more likely if such notes have a longer 
remaining term), and this could mean that the market value of the Notes is unpredictable and therefore could be lower 
than expected. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary 
market and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to 
produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on 
the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate 
Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on 
other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing 
rates on its Notes. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with 
sustainability characteristics.  
In July 2022 Hydro adopted a green and sustainability-linked financing framework (as amended from time to time) 
(the "Green and Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework") relating to its sustainability strategy and targets 
in connection with which the Issuer may issue Sustainability-Linked Notes (as defined in the Conditions). The Green 
and Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework is in accordance with (among other things) the Sustainability-
Linked Bond Principles ("SLBPs") administered by the International Capital Markets Association ("ICMA"). The 
Green and Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework has been reviewed by CICERO Shades of Green for an 
assessment of the relevance and scope of the selected key performance indicators ("KPIs") and associated 
sustainability performance targets and such assessment also confirms the alignment of the Green and Sustainability-
Linked Financing Framework with the SLBPs (such assessment, the “Second Party Opinion”). 
The Green and Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and/or the Second Party Opinion may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market and other factors that may affect the value of 
Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme. The Second Party Opinion does not constitute a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and is only current as of its date. Any amendment or update to, or 
replacement or withdrawal of, the Second Party Opinion may affect the value of Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or

--- Page 32 ---
32 
may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in sustainability-linked assets. Neither 
the Issuer nor the Dealers assume any obligation or responsibility to release any update or revision to the Green and 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and/or information to reflect events or circumstances after the date of 
the Green and Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and, therefore, an update or a revision of the Second 
Party Opinion may or may not be requested of CICERO Shades of Green or any provider of second-party opinions. 
Nevertheless, the Green and Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework may be amended, updated or replaced from 
time to time, and the Second Party Opinion may or may not be consequently amended, updated, or replaced, each of 
which may affect the value of Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in sustainability-linked assets.  
Moreover, CICERO Shades of Green and other second-party opinion providers and providers of similar opinions 
and certifications are not currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. The Second Party 
Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is not, nor should it be deemed to be, a recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Dealers, CICERO Shades of Green or any other second-party opinion providers or any other person to 
buy, sell or hold Sustainability-Linked Notes. Noteholders have no recourse against the Issuer, any of the Dealers, 
CICERO Shades of Green or any other provider of any such opinion or certification in respect of the contents of any 
such opinion or certification, which is only current as at the date it was initially issued. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein 
and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in the Sustainability-Linked 
Notes. Any withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the 
Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining on or 
certifying may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for or towards a particular 
purpose. The Issuer cannot assure investors that any information that the Group or any other person may provide in 
connection with any offering of Notes now or in the future will be sufficient to enable any potential investor to satisfy 
any disclosure or reporting requirements imposed on such investor from time to time either as a result of its own 
objectives or those of its clients as set out in its by-laws or other governing rules and/or investment portfolio 
mandates. In addition, such requirements may have been conditioned by the application of laws and regulations 
relating to the types of, and criteria relating to, investments that such funds can make in order to qualify or be eligible 
as a particular type of “ESG” or other sustainable finance-related investment. The rules applicable to such investors 
and funds, whether internal or resulting from any such investment portfolio mandates and/or applicable laws and 
regulations, may require such investor to make periodic disclosure of its investment, including any investment in the 
Notes. Such requirements may evolve over time. 
Furthermore, although the interest rate relating to the Sustainability-Linked Notes is subject to upward adjustment, 
or, as applicable, a Redemption Premium Amount (as defined below) is payable, in certain circumstances specified 
in the Conditions, such Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any future legal or 
other standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics. The Sustainability-Linked Notes are not 
being marketed as Green Notes since the Issuer expects to use the relevant net proceeds for general corporate 
purposes and therefore the Issuer does not intend to allocate the net proceeds specifically to projects or business 
activities meeting environmental or sustainability criteria, or to be subject to any other limitations associated with 
Green Notes. In addition, the Step Up Events in respect of any Sustainability-Linked Notes depend on definitions of 
Scope 1 Emissions and Scope 2 Emissions and Post-Consumer Scrap (each as defined in the Conditions of the Notes) 
which may be inconsistent with investor requirements or expectations, or other definitions relevant to greenhouse 
gas emissions or post-consumer scrap.  
As there is currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to 
what constitutes, a "sustainable" or "sustainability-linked" or equivalently-labelled security or as to what precise 
attributes are required for a particular security to be defined as "sustainable" or "sustainability-linked" (and, in 
addition, the requirements of any such label may evolve from time to time), no assurance is or can be given to

--- Page 33 ---
33 
investors by the Issuer or the Dealers, CICERO Shades of Green or any other second-party opinion providers or the 
External Verifier that the Sustainability-Linked Notes will meet any or all investor expectations regarding the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes or the Issuer’s targets qualifying as "sustainable" or "sustainability-linked" or that no 
other adverse consequences will occur in connection with the Issuer striving to achieve such targets. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection with the offering of Sustainability-Linked Notes. Any 
such opinion, report or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Prospectus. 
There can be no assurance that the sustainability performance targets indicated in the Conditions of the Notes 
will be met and Sustainability-Linked Notes will include a Step Up or the payment of a Redemption Premium 
Amount upon failure to achieve one or more such targets  
Although the Issuer targets: (i) reducing its Scope 1 Emissions and Scope 2 Emissions; and (ii) increasing its Post-
Consumer Scrap Recycling Capacity (together, the "Sustainability Targets") there can be no assurance of the extent 
to which it will be successful in doing so or that any future investments it makes in furtherance of these targets will 
meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability performance, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact. Adverse 
environmental or social impacts may occur during the design, construction and operation of any investments the 
Issuer makes in furtherance of its Sustainability Targets or such investments may become controversial or criticised 
by activist groups or other stakeholders. Further, the Issuer's performance against the Sustainability Targets will be 
tested by reference to a certain year only, as specified in the Conditions of the Notes, which may be inconsistent with 
an investor's requirements or expectations for investments in instruments with such sustainability characteristics. 
The Issuer’s ability to meet its Sustainability Targets is dependent on many factors including, but not limited to, 
technology and market risk. No Event of Default shall occur if the Issuer fails to meet its Sustainability Targets, nor 
will the Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem such Notes, if a Step Up Event (as defined in Condition 5) occurs. 
Other than any applicable Step Up (as defined below) or the requirement that the Issuer pays a Redemption Premium 
Amount (as the case may be), there are no penalties in any agreement relating to the Notes associated with failing to 
maintain the levels set by the Sustainability Targets or by failing to meet any future sustainability targets. 
Under the Conditions and as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the interest rate relating to Sustainability-Linked 
Notes is subject to upward adjustment (a “Step Up”) or a premium amount is payable on redemption of the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes (a "Redemption Premium Amount") if the Issuer has failed to satisfy any applicable 
Sustainability-Linked Note Condition. A Step Up may occur no more than once in respect of each relevant Step Up 
Event and no more than one Redemption Premium Amount shall be payable in respect of each relevant Step Up 
Event. No Step Up or Redemption Premium Amount shall apply if the Issuer satisfies the applicable Sustainability-
Linked Note Conditions. The application of a Step Up Margin or a Redemption Premium Amount may not 
sufficiently compensate an investor for any losses suffered in terms of any change in market price of such 
Sustainability-Linked Notes in case of the occurrence of any relevant Step Up Event. Noteholders should also be 
aware that if any Sustainability-Linked Note Condition is not met, the Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy 
an investor's requirements or any future legal or other standards for investment in assets with sustainability 
characteristics. Further, the increased interest or premium amount payable in such circumstances would increase the 
Issuer's cost of funding and could have an adverse impact upon the Issuer, its business prospects, results of operations, 
liquidity, general financial position and its reputation. In addition, the Conditions provide for a Reporting Reset Event 
and a Condition Satisfaction Reset Event (as defined therein). If either or both of these are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to apply to any Sustainability-Linked Notes, then even if a Step-Up Event has occurred, it could mean 
that no Redemption Premium Amount is paid out or that the increased Rate of Interest is subsequently decreased, 
and this could mean that an investor's requirements in relation to Sustainability-Linked Notes are not satisfied and/or

--- Page 34 ---
34 
any future legal or regulatory standards with respect to such Sustainability-Linked Notes are not met. Climate-related 
issues are an ESG topic that are receiving heightened attention from investors, shareholders, lawmakers and 
regulators. Each of such circumstances could have a further material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and reputation. 
In addition, the Issuer has entered and may continue to enter into loans or issue other securities which may be subject 
to an increase in the margin or coupon applicable to those loans or securities or an increase in the premium amount 
that is payable on maturity or redemption of those loans or securities if certain sustainability targets (which may be 
the same, similar or different to the Sustainability Targets) are not met. Therefore, the Issuer’s failure to achieve such 
targets may increase its cost of funding. 
Any of the above risks, if materialised, could adversely impact the trading price of the Notes and the price at which 
a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes in such circumstances prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could 
be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder. 
The 2018 Total GHG Emissions Baseline may be recalculated following the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
relevant Sustainability-Linked Notes upon the occurrence of a Recalculation Event 
KPIs on which the Issuer’s relevant Sustainability Targets are based are calculated internally by the Issuer based on 
broadly accepted industry standards and guidelines. These standards and guidelines may change over time, which 
may affect the way in which the Issuer calculates the KPIs and may impact its ability to meet the Sustainability 
Targets. The standards and guidelines continue to be reviewed by expert groups and include contributions from 
industry bodies, which may change going forward.  
Further, the 2018 Total GHG Emissions Baseline may be recalculated in good faith by the Issuer in certain 
circumstances, and any such recalculation shall be made without the prior consultation of the Noteholders. The Issuer 
intends that the reasons for any such adjustments, which could include but not be limited to (i) an event that requires 
the Issuer to change its calculation methodology following a significant change in data due to better data accessibility 
or discovery of data errors; and (ii) significant structural changes to the perimeter of the Group such as acquisitions, 
divestitures or mergers, care and maintenance, large capital projects or as a result of a force majeure event (such 
events referred to under the conditions of the Notes as “Recalculation Events”), and any recalculation methodology 
applied, will be clearly stated by the Issuer in the relevant Environment, Social and Governance Report. 
The Conditions provide the Issuer with certain discretions (to be exercised in good faith) regarding the calculation 
of the relevant metrics and any adjustment or recalculation thereof. However, any such adjustments to the relevant 
baselines may decrease the Issuer’s Total GHG Emissions Amount, meaning the Issuer may still be able to satisfy 
the applicable Sustainability-Linked Note Condition with respect to the Total GHG Emissions Event only, and avoid 
the occurrence of a Step Up Event or lead to the occurrence of a Condition Satisfaction Reset Event (each term as 
defined in Condition 5).  
As a result of the foregoing, any Recalculation Event could have an adverse impact on the price of Sustainability-
Linked Notes. 
In respect of any Notes issued as Green Notes, there can be no assurance that the use of an amount equal to such 
proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of investors 
Notes may be issued as Green Notes (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section below). The Green and 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework is in accordance with (among other things) the Green Bond Principles 
("GBPs") administered by ICMA and the Second Party Opinion confirms the alignment of the Green and 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework with the GBPs.  
The Final Terms relating to any series of Notes may provide that it is the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal 
to the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for Green Projects (as defined herein). Prospective 
investors should determine for themselves the relevance of any information set out in the “Use of Proceeds” section

--- Page 35 ---
35 
below, the applicable Final Terms or any green finance framework prepared by the Issuer for the purpose of an 
investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular, no 
assurance is given by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or any other person that the use of an amount equal to such net 
proceeds for any Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations 
or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects, assets or uses that are the subject of, or otherwise related to, any Green 
Projects. 
No assurance or representation is, or can be, given by the Issuer or the Dealers or any other person to investors that 
any projects, activities or assets that are the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects will meet any or all investor 
expectations or requirements regarding “environmental”, “social”, “sustainable”, “governance”, "green" or an 
equivalently labelled performance objective (together, “ESG”) (including under Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (the 
“Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU 
Taxonomy”)), or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impact(s) will not occur during the 
implementation of any projects or assets that are the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no single definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor 
market consensus as to what constitutes, an ESG or green project, activity or asset, or as to what precise attributes 
are required for a particular project, activity or asset to be defined as ESG or green, nor can any assurance be given 
that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. The EU Taxonomy in particular is subject to further 
implementation by the European Commission by way of delegated regulations containing technical screening criteria 
for the environmental objectives set out in the Taxonomy Regulation. On 21 April 2021, the European Commission 
approved in principle the first delegated act (the "EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act") aimed at supporting 
sustainable investment by making it clearer which economic activities most contribute to meeting the EU’s 
environmental objectives. The EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act sets out criteria for economic activities in the 
sectors that are most relevant for achieving climate neutrality and delivering on climate change adaptation. This 
includes sectors such as energy, forestry, manufacturing, transport and buildings. Criteria for other environmental 
objectives will follow in a later delegated act, in line with the mandates in the Taxonomy Regulation. Until all criteria 
for such objectives have been developed and disclosed, it is not known whether any Green Projects will satisfy those 
respective criteria. Accordingly, alignment with the EU Taxonomy, once all criteria are established, is not certain. 
Each prospective investor should therefore have regard to the factors described in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Green and Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, and seek advice from their independent financial adviser or 
other professional adviser as to the relevance of the information contained in this Prospectus and the applicable Final 
Terms before deciding to invest.  
No assurance or representation is, or can be, given by the Issuer or the Dealers or any other person as to the suitability 
or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification (including the Second Party Opinion) of any 
third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any 
Green Notes and in particular whether any Green Projects fulfil any ESG and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or 
the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes or that any Green Projects fulfil any ESG and/or 
other criteria. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date it was initially issued. The Noteholders 
will have no recourse against the Issuer or any Dealer or the provider of any such opinion or certification for the 
contents of any such opinion or certification. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of 
any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated ESG or other equivalently-labelled 
segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is 
given by the Issuer or the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in 
part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard 
to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or assets that are the subject 
of, or related to, any Green Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission 
to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No representations or assurances are 
given or made by the Issuer or the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be 
obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained 
during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Notes specified as Green 
Notes for Green Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the “Use of Proceeds” and applicable Final 
Terms, there can be no assurance that the relevant project or asset(s) related to any Green Projects will be capable of 
being implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly such amount equal to such net proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for or towards such Green 
Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such Green Projects will be completed within any specified period or 
at all or with the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by 
the Issuer will not constitute an event of default under the Notes and Noteholders will have no recourse against the 
Issuer or any Dealer or any other person following any such event or failure. 
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Notes for or towards any 
Green Projects as aforesaid and/or the withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or 
certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or 
certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any 
stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and 
also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance or re-finance Green Projects and/or result 
in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for or towards 
a particular purpose. None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
Risks relating to the Notes generally  
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or by use of a 
videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to 
pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to 
bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may 
be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted 
in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Issuer may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree to (i) 
substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons, any company subject to certain 
conditions set out in Condition 11(c) and (ii) modifications, waivers or authorisations of breaches or proposed 
breaches of or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, provided that to do so could not reasonably be 
expected to be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
The effect of the above provisions is that a Noteholder may be unable to prevent certain modifications, waivers and 
substitutions that might be disadvantageous to that Noteholder from being made in respect of the relevant Notes in 
accordance with the Conditions. 
Change of law 
Except for the provisions relating to registration of VPS Notes in VPS, the Conditions are based on English law in 
effect as at the date of this Prospectus. The registration of and title to VPS Notes in VPS shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Norwegian law (including the Norwegian Central Securities Depository Act 2019 of 
15 March 2019 no. 6, as amended from time to time). No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible 
judicial decision or change to English law and administrative practice or Norwegian law and administrative practice 
after the date of this Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes 
affected by it. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus 
one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded in 
amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum 
Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to 
sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum 
Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result 
of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account 
with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding 
(should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the 
minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Other parties 
The Issuer may be a party to contracts with a number of other third parties that have agreed to perform services in 
relation to the Notes. For example, a paying agent has agreed to provide payment and calculation services in 
connection with the Notes and Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have agreed, inter alia, to maintain records 
of their respective portion of the issue outstanding amount and, upon the Issuer’s request, to produce a statement for 
the Issuer’s use showing the total nominal amount of its customer holding for the Notes as of a specified date. 
Noteholders will be required to rely on the services provided by such third parties with which the Issuer has 
contracted. 
Investors in VPS Notes will have to rely on the VPS’ procedures for transfer, payment and communication with 
the Issuer 
Investors in VPS Notes will have to rely on VPS’ or the VPS Paying Agent’s, as the case may be, procedures for 
transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. VPS Notes issued under the Programme will not be evidenced 
by any physical note or document of title other than statements of account made by the VPS. Ownership of VPS 
Notes will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry system and register maintained by the VPS. 
Noteholders’ credit risk 
The Noteholders’ claims for repayment of principal and regular interest payments will be direct, unsecured and 
unsubordinated claims on the Issuer. The principal of any Notes is not guaranteed by any third party. In the event

--- Page 38 ---
38 
that the Issuer is declared bankrupt or becomes insolvent, investors therefore risk losing all or part of the principal 
as well as any due and unpaid future interest payments. 
Furthermore, to the extent that the Issuer has granted security over its assets and such security becomes enforceable, 
the assets securing such obligations will be used to satisfy such secured obligations before the Issuer can make 
payments on the Notes. In the absence of sufficient collateral to satisfy any secured obligations, the remaining 
amounts on the secured obligations would share equally with all unsubordinated unsecured indebtedness. 
Norwegian Withholding Tax – Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
The Kingdom of Norway applies a withholding tax of 15 per cent. (unless a lower rate is provided in an applicable 
tax treaty) on interest payments made to related enterprises which are resident within low-tax jurisdictions, outside 
the EEA. For recipients that are related enterprises and a tax resident of low-tax jurisdiction within the EEA, the 
withholding tax is not applicable if the recipient fulfils certain substance requirements (i.e. the recipient must be 
genuinely established and perform genuine economic activities). The substance requirement is based on the European 
Court of Justice’s decision in the Cadbury Schweppes case.1 The withholding tax only applies to interest payments 
made to related enterprises. A related party may be (a) a company or entity that, directly or indirectly, is at least 50 
per cent. owned or controlled, by the Issuer, (b) a company or entity that, directly or indirectly, owns or controls at 
least 50 per cent. of the Issuer, or (c) a company or entity that, directly or indirectly, is at least 50 per cent. owned or 
controlled by a company that, directly or indirectly, owns or controls at least 50 per cent. of the Issuer. 
Applicable withholding tax may require the Issuer to gross up payments in accordance with Condition 8 (Taxation), 
subject to the conditions set out therein. Such withholding tax may, however, also entitle the Issuer to redeem the 
Notes (in whole, but not in part) at a price equal to their principal amount, together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the date fixed for redemption (see Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) for further details). 
Tax risk 
Prospective investors should be aware that tax may be imposed on them on any return on an investment in any Notes. 
Prospective investors should seek independent advice relating to tax risks. 
Risks relating to the market generally  
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the Notes 
does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This 
is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price 
volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of 
Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating 
to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency 
unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s 
                                                          
1 Case C-196/04 Cadbury Schweppes plc and Cadbury Schweppes Overseas Ltd vs. Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease 
(1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes. As 
a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate 
paid on the Fixed Rate Notes on the date of issue, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment in 
those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of 
credit ratings issued by third-country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed 
by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified 
rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence 
of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory 
measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”). As such, UK regulated investors are required to 
use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country 
credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country 
credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, 
to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or 
suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for 
a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, 
of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of any rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA 
or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of 
the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
DESCRIPTION OF HYDRO 
 
Corporate details 
The legal name of the Issuer is Norsk Hydro ASA, the commercial name is Hydro. 
The Issuer is registered in the Norwegian Companies Registry with registration number 914 778 271. 
The Issuer was incorporated on 2 December 1905. 
The Issuer is a public limited liability company organised under the laws of Norway, including the Public 
Limited Companies Act. See also “Description of Hydro”. 
The Issuer’s registered address is Drammensveien 264, 0283 Oslo, Norway. The Issuer's telephone number 
is +47 22 53 81 00. 
General overview and description  
The Issuer is a leading aluminium and energy company committed to a sustainable future. It is a public 
limited liability company and was incorporated on 2 December 1905 under the laws of Norway, including 
the Public Limited Companies Act. Hydro is registered with the Norwegian Companies Registry with 
registered number 914 778 271 and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange (“OSE”) since 1909. 
Hydro’s registered office is Drammensveien 264, 0283 Oslo, Norway. Hydro’s telephone number is +47 
22 53 81 00. 
The Group consists of about 180 companies. Most of the Issuer’s subsidiaries, including the large operating 
units in Norway, are 100 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by the Issuer. The two most significant 
subsidiaries in the Group are Hydro Aluminium AS, owning directly or indirectly all the bauxite, primary 
and downstream assets and Hydro Energi AS, owning the majority of Hydro’s energy assets in Norway. 
Both companies are owned directly by the Issuer. As parent company of the Group and primarily a holding 
company, the profits of the Issuer are dependent upon the results of the operations of the Issuer’s 
subsidiaries, as well as the Group’s investments in associates and jointly controlled entities. 
Purpose and strategy  
Hydro's purpose is to create more viable societies by developing natural resources into products and 
solutions in innovative and efficient ways. Since 1905, Norway-based Hydro has turned natural resources 
into valuable products for people and businesses, and as at the date of this Prospectus, employs 
approximately 31,000 people in more than 140 locations across 40 countries. Hydro owns and operates 
businesses and has investments with a base in sustainable industries in a broad range of market segments 
for aluminium and metal recycling, and energy, renewables and batteries. 
Hydro is present throughout the aluminium value chain, from energy to bauxite mining and alumina 
refining, primary aluminium, aluminium extrusions and aluminium recycling. Hydro Energy is a major 
renewables producer, market operator and assists in the development of energy transition solutions. Hydro 
Bauxite & Alumina represent the first two links of the aluminium value chain through bauxite and alumina 
refining. Hydro Aluminium Metal is a leading supplier of extrusion ingots, sheet ingots, foundry alloys, 
wire rods and high-purity aluminium with a global production network. Hydro Extrusions delivers tailored 
aluminium components and solutions to more than 30,000 customers around the world.  
Hydro’s value chain is shown below:

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
Hydro's 2025 strategy aims to strengthen its position in low carbon aluminium and it explores growth 
opportunities in new energy. Hydro considers itself a leader in sustainability, and its sustainability 
ambitions on climate, environment and social responsibility launched in December 2021 will be a key 
driver of Hydro’s competitive positioning going forward. 
Hydro is aiming to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2050 or earlier and is pursuing three 
decarbonisation paths to reduce the carbon footprint of aluminium to net zero. One pathway is to use carbon 
capture and storage technology to produce carbon-free primary aluminium. A second pathway is Hydro's 
proprietary carbon-free electrolysis technology called HalZero. This technology seeks to keep the CO2 in a 
closed loop and reuse it as a source of carbon in the electrolysis process. A faster pathway to carbon-free 
aluminium is more recycling of post-consumer aluminium scrap. Hydro's ambition is to deliver the first 
commercial volumes of near-zero carbon aluminium already in 2022, based on 100 per cent. recycled 
postconsumer scrap. Hydro's network of recyclers and their proximity to scrap suppliers and customers are 
key competitive advantages to enable and capture value from more circular business models. Hydro will 
have the first commercial volumes of near-zero carbon products (defined as less than 0.5kg CO2 per kg 
aluminium) available in 2022 based on using 100 per cent. post-consumer scrap.  
Hydro is expecting that there will be a strong demand for greener aluminium, particularly from automotive 
original equipment manufacturers, as shown below:2 
                                                          
2 Source: McKinsey market analysis (high level estimate).

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
Hydro has more than a century of experience and expertise, and wants to continue to sustainably lead the 
way in creating industries that matter. 
Climate strategy 
As explained in greater detail in Hydro’s Green and Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, Hydro is 
committed to leading the way towards a more sustainable future, creating more viable societies by 
developing natural resources into products and solutions in innovative and efficient ways. Hydro is 
committed to reducing emissions in its own operations, and helping its customers and wider society to do 
the same.   
Segment Introduction and Business Division  
Hydro's presence extends throughout the aluminium value chain, from energy to bauxite mining and 
alumina refining, primary aluminium, aluminium extrusions and aluminium recycling. Hydro has set out 
details of each segment of the business below.  
Hydro Bauxite & Alumina 
Operations 
Hydro Bauxite & Alumina comprises Hydro’s bauxite mining activities in Paragominas and its 5 per cent. 
interest in Mineracao Rio de Norte ("MRN"), as well as its 92 per cent. interest in the Brazilian alumina 
refinery, Alunorte, all of which are located in Brazil. In addition to its equity interests in the MRN bauxite 
mine, Hydro has volume offtake agreements for Vale S.A.’s 40 per cent. interest in MRN, which amounted 
to 5.1 million tonnes in the year ended 31 December 2021.  
Hydro mines bauxite from Paragominas using strip-mining technology. Bauxite is then sorted and crushed 
for transportation as a slurry through a 244-kilometer-long pipeline, then refined into alumina at Alunorte. 
Bauxite from MRN is then transported to Alunorte by ship. When operating at full production capacity, 
Hydro has a long position in bauxite of 3 million tonnes and between 2 and 3 million tonnes of alumina.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
As at 13 October 2022, Alunorte was at the 30th percentile on the cost curve of refineries for 2022:3  
 
Cost and revenue drivers 
The main cost drivers for bauxite are labour, maintenance, consumables, electricity and fuel for mining 
equipment. These account for around 75 per cent. of the cash costs of mining activities. Labour, the largest 
cost factor, accounting for about 30 per cent., is influenced by Brazilian wage levels and productivity 
developments. Maintenance and consumables are influenced by inflation and operational efficiency. 
The main cost drivers for alumina refining are bauxite, energy and caustic soda. These represent around 
85 per cent. of cash costs. Energy costs are a mix of fuel, coal and electricity and account for about 30 per 
cent. of total costs. Caustic soda represents around 15 per cent. of cash costs. Bauxite purchases from 
Paragominas, and those made under offtake agreements from MRN, are based on prices partly linked to the 
London Metal Exchange’s ("LME") prices and to wider alumina market prices. 
Contribution to improve sustainability performance 
Hydro’s innovative ‘Tailings Dry Backfill’ methodology at the Paragominas mine eliminates the need for 
new permanent tailings storage facilities, which, in turn, allows for the continuous rehabilitation of tailings 
as part of an ongoing mine rehabilitation process. In addition, Hydro Bauxite & Alumina participates in 
international collaborations, investigating opportunities to use bauxite residue as a resource for different 
applications. 
Energy efficiency is an important part of Hydro’s ongoing efforts to reduce greenhouse gas ("GHG") 
emissions. In order to facilitate this reduction, Hydro Bauxite & Alumina will partly replace fuel oil 
consumption with natural gas, which has lower GHG emissions. This is an important enabler to reach its 
emissions reduction targets of 10 per cent. by 2025 and 30 per cent. by 2030. 
Hydro Aluminium Metal  
Operations  
                                                          
3 Source: Commodities Research Unit 2022 B&A Cost Model, Q3’22 actual macro data, Platts.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Hydro Aluminium Metal is a large producer and supplier of primary aluminium and value-added casthouse 
products. The geographical business area consists of wholly owned aluminium metal plants in Norway and 
partly owned plants in Slovakia, Qatar, Australia, Canada and Brazil. The plants produce value-added 
products, such as extrusion ingot, primary foundry alloys, sheet ingot, wire rod and standard ingot.  
As at 21 October 2022, Hydro Aluminium Metal was at the 17th percentile of the cost curve of smelters for 
2022:4  
 
Cost and revenue drivers 
The main cost drivers for the production of primary aluminium include alumina, power and carbon, which 
together comprised about 75-80 per cent. of the cash costs of electrolysis metal for the year ended 
31 December 2021. During the year ended 31 December 2021, Hydro used approximately two tonnes of 
alumina to produce one tonne of aluminium, representing 35-40 per cent. of the cash cost of primary 
aluminium. Energy represented on average 25-30 per cent. of cash costs, and carbon anodes consumed in 
the smelting process accounted for 15-20 per cent. of cash costs (in each case for the year ended 
31 December 2021). Realised aluminium prices and casthouse product premiums are the most important 
revenue drivers. Hydro Aluminium Metal has a history of continuous improvements, covering all relevant 
earnings drivers.  
Internal supply contracts between Hydro’s hydropower production operations and its aluminium metal 
business covered about half of the energy consumption of its wholly owned Norwegian metal plants in 
2021. The remainder was mainly covered by new supply contracts, adding up to a total annual supply of 
8.6 TWh for the period 2021-2030, 5.6 TWh for the period 2021-2035, and 5.4 TWh for the period 2036-
2039. This secures a significant part of the power consumption at a fixed contract price, in addition to 
Hydro’s own hydropower production, required by its Norwegian plants for these periods. The new contracts 
comprise a mixture of hydropower and wind power. 
Electricity for the partly owned Qatalum aluminium plant in Qatar is provided by an integrated natural gas-
fired plant supplied with gas by Hydro’s joint-venture partner, Qatar Petroleum. The rest of the global joint 
ventures are covered by medium- to long-term contracts, expiring between end-2022 and end-2030.  
                                                          
4 Source: Commodities Research Unit 2022 AM Cost Model, Q3’22 actual macro data, LME.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
To adjust to market demand, Hydro Aluminium Metal shifts volumes between product segments, and 
further measures are continuously evaluated.  
Contribution to improve sustainability performance  
As at 31 December 2021, more than 70 per cent. of the electricity used in Hydro’s production of primary 
aluminium was based on renewable power. Going forward, Hydro Aluminium Metal will further lower its 
carbon footprint by reducing the carbon footprint of raw materials and energy, in addition to developing 
new technologies to address hard-to-abate emissions from the electrolysis process. The electrolysis 
abatement program is based on two methods. The first is Hydro’s own proprietary HalZero technology for 
carbon-free processes, while the second is based on carbon capture and storage in combination with direct 
air capture to decarbonise existing primary aluminium facilities. 
Hydro Metal Markets  
Hydro Metal Markets, a part of Hydro Aluminium Metal, consists of Hydro's recycling business unit as 
well as all commercial activities, including sales marketing and distribution of the products from Hydro’s 
primary metal and recycling plants. 
Recycling  
The recycling business unit, which has five locations across Europe and two in the US, has seven recyclers 
that convert scrap metal and standard ingot into extrusion ingot. These plants have a total annual capacity 
of around 600,000 tonnes. The business unit also operates the scrap shredding and sorting plant in 
Dormagen, Germany, with sorting capacity of 36,000 tonnes of post-consumer aluminium scrap per year. 
In addition, the recycling business unit has several greenfield and brownfield projects under construction. 
The recyclers provide customers with flexible, energy-efficient and tailor-made metal supply with a low 
carbon footprint. 
Commercial  
Hydro Metal Markets supplies value-added products globally and offers a wide range of products and 
services, including low-carbon aluminium products. Hydro’s portfolio of production plants allows for a 
flexible, multi-sourcing system that enables significant, rapid and cost-effective volume adjustments for 
customers. Hydro has leading research and development competence in value-added casthouse products, 
thus supporting customers in their improvement work and in developing new products. The commercial 
activities of Hydro Metal Markets include metal sourcing and trading activities, in order to source standard 
ingot from third parties for remelting in Hydro’s recyclers and primary casthouses. Such activities provide 
operational risk management through hedging activities on the LME. 
Cost and revenue drivers  
The results in Hydro Metal Markets consist of the operating results of the recyclers, margins on sales of 
third-party products and results from ingot and trading activities on the LME. Revenues for Hydro’s 
recyclers are influenced by volumes, the LME price and product premiums. Costs are driven by the cost of 
scrap and standard ingot premiums, freight costs to customers and operational costs, including energy 
consumption and prices. Hydro Metal Markets’ results can be heavily influenced by currency fluctuations 
and ingot inventory valuation effects. 
Contribution to improve sustainability performance  
Hydro Metal Markets is a large remelter and recycler of aluminium. Aluminium can be recycled infinitely 
without degradation in quality, and recycling requires 95 per cent. less energy than primary aluminium 
production. To reach its ambitions and address industry challenges, Hydro is improving its processes to

--- Page 46 ---
46 
combine clean scrap with post-consumer scrap recycling. The technology is being rolled out to Hydro’s 
remelting and recycling plants, and these investments are expected to increase Hydro's post-consumer scrap 
capacity by up to 20 per cent..  
Hydro Metal Markets supplies the market with the Hydro REDUXA and Hydro CIRCAL brands of low-
carbon and recycled aluminium. Hydro CIRCAL includes a range of products made with a minimum of 75 
per cent. recycled, post-consumer scrap aluminium. In the third quarter of 2022 sales volumes were 45 per 
cent. higher year on year, supporting Hydro’s ambition to double sales of greener products by 2025. By 
2030, Hydro aims to offer a wide range of low-carbon and recycled aluminium products with even lower 
footprints in the market. 
Hydro Extrusions  
Operations  
Hydro Extrusions is a market leader in extrusion-based aluminium solutions. The business combines local 
expertise, a global network, and advanced research and development capabilities to offer everything from 
standard profiles to advanced solutions for most industries. 
In 2021, Hydro Extrusions had a market share of 17 per cent. in Europe and 21 per cent. in North America, 
and maintained solid positions in South America and Asia. Hydro Extrusions has four business units: 
Extrusion Europe, Extrusion North America, Precision Tubing and Building Systems. The business units 
are individually responsible for their respective value chains, from casthouses, aluminium extrusion and 
value-adding operations to commercial activities such as product development and sales. Extrusions 
remains a key growth area, and in the third quarter of 2022, Hydro made the decision to invest in 12,000 
tonnes of additional capacity at its extrusions plant in Rackwitz, Germany. 
Another integrated and vital part of the extrusion value chain is remelting and recycling, and Hydro 
Extrusions operates 20 recycling facilities in Europe, North America and South America. About 200,000 
tonnes per year of post-consumer scrap are currently used in the recycling operations, and Extrusions is 
aiming to increase this amount in the years to come.    
Due to challenging market conditions, as at the date of this Prospectus European recycling production 
capacity has been reduced by 20 kilotonnes during 2022, and during such period Hydro Extrusions has 
continuously adapted its extrusions capacity to reflect demand by reducing the number of shifts. 
Cost and revenue drivers  
The extrusion industry is a margin business and the LME Aluminium cost element is passed on to the 
customer. Contracts are typically short- to medium-term. Hydro Extrusions will continue to shift its 
portfolio toward higher-margin products.  
Contribution to improve sustainability performance  
Hydro Extrusions is also working with customers across many industries to reduce their CO2 footprint 
through its bespoke Hydro EcoDesign process, providing green certifications and environmental product 
declarations (a declaration quantifying environmental information on a product). Hydro EcoDesign also 
helps customers to make their products more sustainable including through low-carbon and recycled alloys, 
lighter transportation, better packaging to reduce cooling needs and food spoilage and aluminium facades 
that lead to lower operating costs and enable buildings to generate as much energy as they use during 
operation.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
Through initiatives to lower Hydro Extrusion’s GHG emissions associated with energy and electricity 
consumption, some plants have entered into power purchase agreements with renewable power producers, 
while others are evaluating the possibilities of installing their own on-site renewable power generation. 
Hydro Energy  
Operations  
Hydro Energy has over a century of experience in power production, operations, trading and consumption. 
Hydro Energy is one of Norway’s top three largest operators of hydropower and is a large power market 
player in the Nordics and Brazil. Hydro Energy provides Hydro and other industrial clients with affordable 
renewable power, sourced from its portfolio of hydro, solar, wind energy and green hydrogen. 
In Norway, Hydro Energy operates 39 hydropower plants, with combined installed capacity of 2.7 GW at 
the end of 2021. Adjusted for ownership shares, Hydro's captive production is 9.4 TWh in a normal year. 
Hydro Energy is an operator of 13.7 TWh renewable power production, in a normal year. In addition to the 
hydropower plants, Hydro Energy operates the Tonstad Windfarm (208 MW/0.7 TWh) in Norway, from 
which it purchases all produced volumes, thereby balancing and optimising production against its own 
hydropower production. Hydro Energy also purchases more than 9 TWh of renewable power annually in 
the Nordic market under long-term contracts.  
As Hydro’s energy competence centre, Hydro Energy provides support to companies on large and complex 
industrial projects, power contracts, supply security and energy framework conditions.  
Cost and revenue drivers  
Production volumes and market prices are strongly influenced by hydrological conditions. Seasonal factors 
affect both supply and demand. Hydro Energy’s cost base is relatively stable, although volatile spot 
volumes and prices may cause significant variations in quarterly revenues. Hydro Energy optimises its 
power portfolio in the market and in cooperation with Hydro’s aluminium plants.  
Electricity prices are influenced by fuel costs (including emission-allowance costs), meteorological 
parameters and exchange transmission possibilities with adjoining markets, as well as by fluctuations in 
demand. Further an increase in intermittent generation from solar and wind power capacity has had a 
significant effect on price volatility in Europe’s continental markets and influenced price developments in 
the Nordic market.  
Contribution to improve sustainability performance  
The overall carbon footprint of primary aluminium is highly dependent on the source of energy used to 
produce the metal. Hydro Energy helps Hydro and other industrial companies succeed with the green energy 
transition. The new energy ventures undertaken by Hydro Energy include Hydro REIN, Hydro Havrand 
and Batteries which play an important role in enabling a net zero society. For example, switching from gas 
to hydrogen produced with renewable energy, would enable Hydro’s downstream and primary aluminium 
sites to cut their CO2 emissions by about 1.7 million tonnes, which is close to 15 per cent. of Hydro’s 
baseline greenhouse gas emissions.  
Hydro REIN supports decarbonisation through certain of its joint ventures. For example, Hydro REIN and 
Macquarie Asset Management’s Green Investment Group have entered into agreements to form a joint 
venture to build and operate Feijão, a 586 MW combined wind and solar power project in the northeast of 
Brazil. The project will supply electricity to Hydro’s bauxite mine Paragominas and will further reduce 
carbon emissions from Hydro’s alumina refinery Alunorte, by enabling coal replacement towards 2030. 
Total capital expenditure for the wind farm is estimated at USD 700 million (100 per cent. basis). Hydro 
Rein’s ownership share will be 49.9 per cent., with the remaining 50.1 per cent. held by the Macquarie

--- Page 48 ---
48 
Green Investment Group Renewable Energy Fund 2. Additionally, Hydro REIN, Equinor ASA and Scatec 
have a joint venture in relation to the construction the Mendubim solar project in the state of Rio Grande 
do Norte in Brazil, one of the largest energy producing countries in the world. The companies have signed 
a 20 year USD denominated power purchase agreement with Alunorte for approximately 60 per cent. of 
the expected power produced. The remaining volumes will be sold in the Brazilian power market. The 
estimated total capital expenditure for the project is USD 430 million, and Hydro has an economic interest 
of 33.3 per cent.  
Regulations  
Hydro is subject to a broad range of laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which it operates. These 
laws and regulations impose stringent standards and requirements and potential liabilities relating to the 
construction and operation of its plants and facilities, air and water pollutant emissions, the storage, 
treatment and discharge of waste waters, the use and handling of hazardous or toxic materials, waste 
disposal practices, and the remediation of environmental contamination, among other things.  
Legal proceedings  
The Group is engaged in a large number of legal proceedings and disputes around the world. As of the date 
of this Prospectus, neither Hydro nor any other company in the Group are, nor have during the course of 
the last 12 months, been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, which may have, 
or have had in the recent past significant effects on Hydro's and/or the Group’s financial position or 
profitability. 
Financial Position 
Hydro’s main strategy for mitigating risks related to volatility in cash flow is to maintain a strong balance 
sheet, investment grade credit rating and strong liquidity, while at the same time reducing the average cost 
position of production assets and allocating capital in line with its strategic ambitions. This is crucial in 
order to effectively navigate the industry cycles, to be able to invest during cyclical downturns and to be 
able to access the capital markets at attractive terms. In certain circumstances, derivatives may be used to 
mitigate financial risks in specific business areas or at Group level.  
As at the date of this Prospectus, Hydro has a BBB rating with S&P Global Ratings and a Baa3 rating with 
Moody’s Investors Service Inc.. Hydro uses the adjusted net (cash) debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio as the 
key indicator of balance sheet strength and the ability to absorb volatility in the markets. The target is to 
stay below a ratio of two times Adjusted net (cash) debt to adjusted EBITDA during the cycle, which 
supports Hydro's target to maintain an investment grade credit rating. As at 31 December 2021, the ratio 
was 0.4. Given historical industry cyclicality, this means that the ratio will be well below two times in the 
stronger parts of the cycle, in order to be able to absorb the impact from industry cycle downturns and 
maintain financial flexibility in periods of adverse market conditions. 
As at 30 September 2022, Hydro’s liquidity position was strong, with a cash position of NOK 25.9 billion. 
Historically, cash generation has been the limiting factor to Hydro’s credit rating. Hydro's primary response 
has been to maintain a strong balance sheet. Hydro continues to evaluate the optimal capital structure and 
also takes this into account when proposing shareholder distributions. A strong liquidity position is critical 
to support operations and investments through the industry cycle. In addition to a robust cash position, 
Hydro's liquidity is supported by a USD 1.6 billion revolving credit facility due to expire in 2026 and 
another credit facility of USD 1.3 billion which expires in April 2023. The margin on the facility is linked 
to Hydro’s CO2 emissions reduction target, thereby linking financing costs to the progress on Hydro’s main 
climate target and highlights the important connection between sustainability and profitability. Additional

--- Page 49 ---
49 
sources of liquidity include various overdraft facilities and short-term liquidity lines. The maturity profile 
of Hydro's outstanding bonds, as at the date of this Prospectus, is as below:  
 
Funding of subsidiaries, associates and jointly controlled entities 
Normally, the Issuer incurs debt and extends loans and/or equity injections to wholly-owned subsidiaries 
to fund capital requirements. Hydro’s policy is to finance part-owned subsidiaries and investments in 
associates and joint arrangements according to its ownership share, on equal terms with the other 
shareholders. All financing is executed on an arm’s-length basis. Project financing is used for certain 
funding requirements mainly to mitigate risks while also considering partnership opportunities and other 
relevant factors.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
MARKET DEVELOPMENTS 
Global macroeconomic developments  
The war in Ukraine, energy crisis in Europe, high inflation and increasing interest rates have impacted 
global growth forecasts for 2022 and 2023 and continue to add uncertainty. Various key markets are 
reporting their highest inflation rates for the past 20 years, and in response the major central banks are 
increasing interest rates. Monetary policy tightening combined with high energy prices and a slow-down in 
China is impacting the global growth outlook. For Europe, concerns surrounding energy security for the 
winter are weighing on growth forecasts.  
Bauxite and alumina 
The average Platts alumina index ("PAX") decreased in the third quarter of 2022 to USD 338 per tonne, 
compared to USD 373 per tonne in the second quarter 2022. 
The PAX decreased from USD 361 per tonne at the beginning of the third quarter of 2022 to USD 330 per 
tonne in mid-July 2022 and stabilized around this price level for most of the remainder of the third quarter 
of 2022, reflecting price levels of domestic alumina in China. Compared to the third quarter of 2021, the 
average PAX was 3 per cent. higher.  
In July and August 2022 combined, China imported 315 kilotons of alumina, mostly from Australia and 
Indonesia. Alumina exports from China to Russia initiated in the second quarter of 2022 continued, 
reaching a total of 106kt in July and August 2022.  
China imported 21 million tonnes of bauxite in July and August 2022, 19 per cent. higher than the same 
period in 2021, driven by a 40 per cent. increase in imports from Guinea. Guinea, Australia and Indonesia 
accounted for nearly all of China’s bauxite imports in the period. The average Chinese bauxite import price 
was USD 60 per tonne (cost, insurance and freight ("CIF") in the first two months of the third quarter of 
2022, up from USD 48 per tonne CIF in the third quarter 2021, mainly driven by higher oil prices and ocean 
freight rates. 
Primary aluminium  
The three-month aluminium price decreased during the third quarter of 2022, starting such quarter at USD 
2,444 per tonne and ending at USD 2,162 per tonne, as fears of recession, weak global demand in 
combination with strong production and export growth of semis and fabricated products from China led to 
pressure on prices.  
Uncertainty remains for certain aluminium production facilities as high global energy prices and weakening 
demand put pressure on smelter margins, and as a result many producers in Europe and the United States 
have curtailed parts of their production.  
European duty paid standard ingot premiums ended the third quarter of 2022 at USD 382 per tonne, down 
significantly from USD 582 per tonne at the end of the second quarter of 2022. The United States Midwest 
premium decreased from USD 688 per tonne at the beginning of the third quarter of 2022 to USD 511 per 
tonne at the end of such quarter, as market concern grew over a potential recession and freight rates 
decreased.  
Shanghai Futures Exchange ("SHFE") prices decreased by USD 233 per tonne excluding value added tax  
("VAT") from start of the third quarter of 2022 to the end of that quarter, ending at USD 2,267 per tonne 
excluding VAT. The average SHFE price for the third quarter of 2022 was down USD 409 per tonne 
excluding VAT compared to the second quarter of 2022.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
In the third quarter of 2022, global primary aluminium consumption was down 1 per cent. compared to the 
third quarter of 2021, driven by a decrease of 27 per cent. in Russia, partly offset by an increase of 4 per 
cent. in North America.  
For 2022, the Commodities Research Unite (the "CRU") and Wood Mackenzie (a global research and 
consultancy business), are estimating a global deficit of primary aluminium between 0.4 million tonnes and 
0.7 million tonnes.  
The European consumption of extrusion ingot and sheet ingot decreased in the third quarter of 2022 
compared to the same period of 2021. Consumption of primary foundry alloys was stable in the third quarter 
of 2022. 
Total global stocks at the end of the third quarter of 2022 were estimated to be 9.2 million tonnes, up 0.2 
million tonnes compared to the second quarter of 2022 and down 0.9 million tonnes compared to the third 
quarter of 2021. 
Extruded products  
European demand for extrusions in the third quarter of 2022 is estimated to have decreased 6 per cent. 
compared to the same quarter of 2021 and 24 per cent. compared to the second quarter of 2022, partly due 
to seasonality. Demand for the industrial and the building and construction segments weakened into the 
third quarter of 2022, while growth in automotive demand improved slightly as supply-chain issues are 
easing. The renewable energy sector also showed solid demand growth in the third quarter of 2022.  
The CRU estimates that the European demand for extruded products will decrease 15 per cent. in the fourth 
quarter of 2022 compared to the same quarter of 2021. Overall, extrusion demand is estimated by the CRU 
to decrease by 4 per cent. in 2022 compared to 2021.  
North American extrusion demand is estimated by the CRU to have increased by 2 per cent. during the 
third quarter of 2022 compared to the same quarter of 2021, and to have decreased by 5 per cent. compared 
to the second quarter of 2022. Demand has continued to remain fairly strong across key segments, 
particularly non-residential building and construction, automotive and transportation, but overall demand 
is softening into 2023 amid weaker macro-economic development.  
The CRU estimates that the North American demand for extruded products will be flat in the fourth quarter 
of 2022 compared to the same quarter of 2021. Overall, extrusion demand is estimated to increase by 4 per 
cent. in 2022 compared to 2021. 
Energy 
In the third quarter of 2022, Nordic power prices increased further to a new record due to continued weak 
hydrology and exposure to record high continental power prices. Continental power prices have increased 
primarily due to higher gas prices following concerns about energy security for the winter. Prices are also 
impacted by continued low production in French nuclear power plants. 
Prices in the northern part of the Nordic market remained low due to strong hydrology and limited 
transmission capacity towards the south. Hence, significant price area differences in the Nordic region have 
continued through the third quarter of 2022, and are expected to prevail into the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 The Nordic hydrological balance ended the third quarter of 2022 around 10 TWh below normal, compared 
to around 5 TWh below normal at the end of the second quarter of 2022 and 19 TWh below normal at the 
end of third quarter of 2021. Hydropower reservoirs in Norway were at 70 per cent. of full capacity at the 
end of the third quarter of 2022, which is 13 percentage points below the normal level. In Southwestern 
Norway, the reservoirs were only 53 per cent. full at the end of September 2022, 30 percentage points below

--- Page 52 ---
52 
the normal level. Hydrology in Southern Norway improved in early October 2022, but reservoir levels were 
still below normal. The Norwegian transmission system operator, Statnett, maintains that energy security 
in Southern Norway may be a concern during the winter of 2022.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the Issuer of the persons referred to in this 
section and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Board of Directors 
Set out below is the name and position of each member of the Board of Directors as at the date of this 
Prospectus. The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is Drammensveien 264, 0283 
Oslo, Norway. 
Name  
Position  
External roles 
Education 
Dag Mejdell 
Chairperson 
Chair of Sparebank 1 SR Bank 
ASA  
Chair of Mestergruppen AS  
Chair of Torghatten AS  
Chair of International Post 
Corporation UA CV  
Degree in Economics and 
Business Administration 
(siviløkonom) from the 
Norwegian School of 
Economics (NHH) 
Rune Bjerke 
Deputy 
Chairperson 
Chair of Reitan Retail AS 
Chair of Wallenius Wilhelmsen  
Deputy Chair of Schibstedt 
ASA   
Chair of Merkantilbygg 
Holding AS  
Exam. Oecon., University of 
Oslo, Oslo, Norway (1985) 
Master in Public 
Administration from Harvard 
University, Massachusetts, 
USA (1997) 
Peter Kukielski 
Board member  
President and CEO of Hudbay 
Minerals 
Master of Science Civil 
Engineering, Stanford 
University (US) 
Marianne 
Wiinholt 
Board member 
Board member and Chair of the 
Audit Committee of Coloplast 
A/S 
State Authorised public 
Accountant 
Cand. Merc. Aud, Copenhagen 
Business School (Copenhagen, 
Denmark 1990)  
Bachelor communication, 
Copenhagen Business School 
(Copenhagen, Denmark 1987) 
Kristin 
Fejerskov 
Kragseth 
Board member 
Chair of Stavanger Sandnes 
Skøyteklubb 
Deputy board member for ONS 
(Offshore Northern Seas) 
M. Eng, Ocean Engineering, 
Texas A&M University 
(Collage Station, TX, USA 
2002)

--- Page 54 ---
54 
Name  
Position  
External roles 
Education 
Engineer Marine, Høgskulen 
på Vestlandet (Bergen, Norway 
1989)  
ExxonMobil Management 
Program, INSEAD 
Management Program 
Petra Einarsson 
Board member  
Board member and Chair of 
the Audit Committee 
Scandinavian Biogas   
Board member and Chair of 
the Audit Committee Svenska 
Aerogel AB   
Board member Alimak Group 
AB   
Board member, Chair of the 
Audit Committee, Member of 
the Remuneration Committee 
SSAB  
BSc in Business 
Administration and Economics 
Specialisation in Managerial 
Economics (Uppsala 
University 1989) 
Philip Graham 
New  
Board member  
Advisory Board, UK Energy 
Research Centre  
Advisory Board, UK Treasury 
Net Zero Review  
Advisory Board, Bartlett 
School, UCL  
Chair, Ministerial Electric 
Vehicle Energy Task Force  
Director/Board Advisor, 
Fotowatio Renewable Ventures 
BV  
Director, AlmarWater 
Solutions BV  
Fellow, Institute of Energy  
Council Member, World 
Economic Forum Global 
Future Council  
MA; PPE (University of 
Oxford 1983) 
Arve Baade 
Board member  
Chair of Sunndal Kjemiske 
Fagforening, Board member of 
Sunndal Næringsselskap AS 
Certificate of apprenticeship in 
process studies

--- Page 55 ---
55 
Name  
Position  
External roles 
Education 
Bjørn Petter 
Moxnes 
Board member  
Union 
representative 
for 
Engineers with master’s degree 
and for SSR representatives in 
Norsk Hydro ASA (since 2018) 
Master’s degree in Chemical 
Engineering from NTH 
(Trondheim 1985) 
Master‘s degree in Technology 
Management 
(NTNU/Bergen/MIT 2002) 
Torleif Sand 
Board member  
Deputy Årdal Chemical Union 
Board member AMS 
Member of Landsstyret 
Industri Energi 
N/A 
Margunn 
Sundve 
Board member  
Full-time Union representative 
connected with Industri Energi 
since 2011 
N/A 
 
Management 
Set out below is the name and position of each member of the management team as at the date of this 
Prospectus. The business address of each member of the management team is: Drammensveien 264, 0283 
Oslo, Norway. 
Name  
Position  
External roles 
Education 
Hilde Merete 
Aasheim 
President and 
CEO 
Chairperson in the Federation of 
Norwegian Industries (Norsk 
Industri) 
State Authorised Public 
Accountant  
Master's degree in business 
economics from the Norwegian 
School of Economics and 
Business Administration 
Pål Kildemo 
Executive Vice 
President and 
Chief Financial 
Officer 
Board position in the Future 
Leaders development program 
Master’s degree in Economics 
and Finance from Heriot-Watt 
University, Edinburgh, 
Scotland 
Arvid Moss 
Executive Vice 
President, 
Hydro Energy 
Chair of the Board in 
Eksportstrategirådet (Norway’s 
Export Strategy Council) 
Norwegian School of 
Economics and Business 
Administration (NHH)

--- Page 56 ---
56 
Name  
Position  
External roles 
Education 
Eivind 
Kallevik 
Executive Vice 
President, 
Hydro 
Aluminium 
Metal 
Management Committee, 
Eurometaux 
Master's degree in Business 
Administration from the 
University of San Francisco 
John Thuestad 
Executive Vice 
President, 
Hydro Bauxite 
& Alumina 
Board member of Yara ASA  
Member of IAI 
Master’s degree in Metallurgy 
from NTNU (Norwegian 
University of Science and 
Technology)  
MBA from Carnegie Mellon 
University Pittsburgh, USA 
Paul Warton 
Executive Vice 
President, 
Hydro 
Extrusions 
 Member of Executive 
Committee of European 
Aluminium 
BSc degree from University of 
Birmingham, UK  
MBA from London Business 
School 
Trond Olaf 
Christopherse
n 
Executive Vice 
President for 
Corporate 
Development 
N/A 
Master of Management, BI 
Norwegian Business School 
(2006) 
MSc Mechanical Engineering, 
University of Bath, UK (1997)/ 
MSc Mechanical Engineering, 
NTNU, Trondheim, Norway 
(1997) 
Therese Rød 
Holm 
Executive Vice 
President for 
Communication 
& Public Affairs 
N/A  
Norwegian School of 
Economics and Business 
Administration (NHH) 
Hilde 
Vestheim 
Nordh 
Executive Vice 
President, 
People & HSE 
N/A 
MSc in Materials Technology 
from  Rheinisch Westfälische 
Technische Hochschule 
(RWTH) Aachen, Germany 
Anne-Lene 
Midseim 
 
Executive Vice 
President, Legal 
and Compliance 
Chair of the Board of Directors 
of Industriforsikring AS  
Board member of Gassco AS 
Law degree from the 
University of Oslo

--- Page 57 ---
57 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
Hydro had 2,068,998,276 issued shares at the end of September 2022. A total of 1.3 billion Hydro shares were 
traded on the Oslo Stock Exchange (“OSE”) during 2021 at a value of NOK 74 billion, making Hydro the 
eighth most traded company on the OSE. The average daily trading volume for Hydro shares on the OSE 
during 2021 was 5.3 million shares. Hydro’s shares are listed on the OSE, while Hydro’s American Depositary 
Shares trade on OTCQX International in the United States, the premium over-the-counter market tier. 
Hydro’s 20 largest shareholders as of 30 September 2022 
Shareholders 
Shares 
% of shares 
NÆRINGS- OG FISKERIDEPARTEMENTET 
708,865,253 
34.26 
FOLKETRYGDFONDET 
125,351,737 
6.06 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
57,999,598 
2.80 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., LONDON 
26,481,955 
1.28 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
25,264,658 
1.22 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
24,954,889 
1.21 
GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. LLC 
23,840,701 
1.15 
CLEARSTREAM BANKING S.A. 
21 833 828 
1.06 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., LONDON 
19 956 410 
0.96 
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK EUROPE SE 
19 370 766 
0.94 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
19 213 681 
0.93 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., LONDON 
18 936 716 
0.92 
MORGAN STANLEY & CO. INT. PLC. 
18,264,860 
0.88 
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST COMP 
18 086 058 
0.87 
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON SA/NV 
17,382,094 
0.84 
NORSK HYDRO ASA 
16,977,403 
0.82 
EUROCLEAR BANK S.A./N.V. 
14 523 712 
0.70 
J.P. MORGAN SE 
14,313,634 
0.69 
CACEIS BANK 
13 587 170 
0.66 
BROWN BROTHERS HARRIMAN & CO 
13 530 770 
0.65 
20 largest shareholders total 
1,218,735,893 
58.90 
Other shares 
850,262,383 
41.10 
Total 
2,068,998,276 
100.00

--- Page 58 ---
58 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion and amendment and as 
supplemented or varied in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the applicable Final Terms, shall be 
applicable to the Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) (where 
applicable) representing each Series. Either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the 
relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed, 
amended, supplemented or varied (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions), shall be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to such Registered Notes 
or be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, the Deed of Covenant by which the 
VPS Notes are constituted . All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the 
meanings given to them in Part A of the applicable Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the 
definitive Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the 
Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to an Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, 
the “Agency Agreement”) dated on or around 7 November 2022 between the Issuer, Citibank N.A., 
London Branch as fiscal agent and the other agents named in the Agency Agreement and with the benefit 
of a Deed of Covenant (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 
on or around 7 November 2022 executed by the Issuer in relation to the Notes. The fiscal agent, the paying 
agents, the registrar, the transfer agents, the calculation agent(s) and the VPS paying agent for the time 
being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which 
expression shall include the Fiscal Agent and the VPS Paying Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer 
Agents”, the “Calculation Agent(s)” and the “VPS Paying Agent”. The Noteholders (as defined below), 
the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Notes in bearer form and, 
where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the 
“Couponholders”) are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable 
to them. Electronic copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available upon request 
to the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents.  
As used in these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”), “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in 
all respects, including as to Issue Date. Notes cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (“VPS”) are referred to as “VPS Notes”. 
The VPS Notes will be registered in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form with VPS. VPS 
Notes registered in VPS are negotiable instruments and not subject to any restrictions on free negotiability 
under Norwegian law.  
As the VPS Notes will be in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form, the Conditions applicable 
to the VPS Notes shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, the Deed of 
Covenant by which the VPS Notes are constituted. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes, other than VPS Notes, are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in registered form 
(“Registered Notes”). 
The Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination(s) shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
The VPS Notes are issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in accordance with the 
Norwegian Central Securities Despository Register Act 2019 (Lov om verdipapirsentraler og 
verdipapiroppgjør mv. av 2019 15. Mars nr. 6).

--- Page 59 ---
59 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any of the 
foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, 
save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest 
due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided in 
Condition 2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder. 
The VPS Notes shall be regarded as Registered Notes for the purposes of these Conditions save to the 
extent these Conditions are inconsistent with Norwegian laws, regulations and operating procedures 
applicable to and/or issued by VPS for the time being (the “VPS Rules”). No physical VPS Notes or 
certificates will be issued in respect of the VPS Notes and the provisions in these Conditions relating to 
presentation, surrender or replacement of such physical Notes or certificates shall not apply to the VPS 
Notes. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered Notes 
shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance 
with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be 
deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate 
representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so 
treating the holder. 
Title to the VPS Notes shall pass by registration in the register (the “VPS Register”) in accordance with 
the VPS Rules. The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from VPS in accordance with the VPS 
Rules. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined 
below) of any VPS Note shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, 
whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person 
shall be liable for so treating the holder.  
In these Conditions, other than in relation to VPS Notes, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer 
Note relating to it or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), 
“holder” (in relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon 
or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have 
the meanings given to them in these Conditions, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term 
is not applicable to the Notes. In these Conditions in relation to VPS Notes only, “Noteholder” or “holder” 
means the person in whose name a VPS Note is registered in the VPS Register and shall also include any 
person duly authorised to act as a nominee (Norwegian: forvalter) and registered as a holder of the VPS 
Notes. 
2 
No Exchange of Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes and VPS Notes 
(a) 
No Exchange of Notes: Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes or VPS Notes. 
Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes or VPS 
Notes. VPS Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for VPS Notes of

--- Page 60 ---
60 
another Specified Denomination. VPS Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes or 
Bearer Notes.  
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes: One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the 
surrender (at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate 
representing such Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed 
on such Certificate, (or another form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing 
the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly 
completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may 
reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes 
represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of 
the part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not 
transferred shall be issued to the transferor. All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register 
will be made subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the 
Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written 
approval of the Registrar and the Noteholders. A copy of the current regulations will be made 
available by the Registrar to any Noteholder upon request. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes: In the case of an 
exercise of an Issuer’s or Noteholders’ option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a holding 
of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the 
holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not 
redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the same 
holding having different terms, separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of 
that holding that have the same terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of 
the existing Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of 
Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate 
representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Certificate 
representing the existing holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Certificates: Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(b) or 
(c) shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of transfer or 
Exercise Notice (as defined in Condition 6(g)) and surrender of the Certificate for exchange. 
Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or 
of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such form of transfer, 
Exercise Notice or Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such 
delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant form of transfer, Exercise 
Notice or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to 
the new Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise 
and pays in advance to the relevant Transfer Agent the costs of such other method of delivery 
and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), “business day” means a day, 
other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the 
specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Transfers Free of Charge: Transfers of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, exercise 
of an option or partial redemption shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, 
the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges 
that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the 
relevant Transfer Agent may require).

--- Page 61 ---
61 
(f) 
Closed Periods: No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered 
(i) during the period of 15 days prior to any date on which Notes may be called for redemption 
by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 6(d) or Condition 6(e), (ii) after any such Note 
has been called for redemption or (iii) during the period of seven days ending on (and including) 
any Record Date.  
(g) 
VPS Notes: One or more VPS Notes may be transferred in accordance with the VPS Rules. In 
the case of an exercise of option resulting in VPS Notes of the same holding having different 
terms, separate VPS Notes registered with the VPS Register shall be issued in respect of those 
VPS Notes of that holding having the same terms. Such VPS Notes shall only be issued against 
surrender of the existing VPS Notes in accordance with the VPS Rules. 
Each new VPS Note to be issued pursuant to the above shall be available for delivery within 
three business days of receipt of the request and the surrender of the VPS Notes for exchange. 
Delivery of the new VPS Note(s) shall be made to the same VPS account on which the original 
VPS Notes were registered. In this Condition 2(g) in relation to VPS Notes only, “business day” 
means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which VPS is open for business.  
Exchange and transfer of VPS Notes on registration, transfer, partial redemption or exercise of 
an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer or the VPS Paying Agent, 
but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to 
it (or the giving of such indemnity as the VPS Paying Agent may require). 
No holder may require the transfer of a VPS Note to be registered during any closed period 
pursuant to the then applicable VPS Rules. 
3 
Status 
The Notes and the Coupons constitute direct, unconditional and (subject to Condition 4) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Coupons shall subject to 
Condition 4 at all times rank at least equally with all its other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
from time to time outstanding, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation.  
4 
Negative Pledge   
(a) 
Negative Pledge: So long as any Note or Coupon remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement), the Issuer shall not create or permit to subsist any Security over any of its assets as 
security for Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or any third party. 
(b) 
Exceptions to Negative Pledge: Condition 4(a) shall not apply to any Security: 
(i) 
granted pursuant to any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
granted pursuant to any lien arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of business; 
(iii) 
granted pursuant to any title transfer or retention of title arrangement entered into in the 
ordinary course of business; 
(iv) 
over or affecting any asset acquired by the Issuer after the Issue Date; or 
(v) 
granted by the Issuer over any of its assets in favour of a third party to secure any Financial 
Indebtedness of the Issuer or any third party (“Third Party Security”), subject to, at the

--- Page 62 ---
62 
same time or prior thereto granting the Noteholders such other Security as shall be approved 
by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
“Financial Indebtedness” means any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(A) 
moneys borrowed; 
(B) 
any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(C) 
any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of notes, 
debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument; 
(D) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold 
on a non-recourse basis); 
(E) 
any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) which has 
the commercial effect of a borrowing and would be treated as such in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles applicable to the Issuer (but, for the 
avoidance of doubt, excluding any trade credit incurred in the ordinary course of 
business); and 
(F) 
(without double counting) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or 
indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (A) to (E) above, 
provided, that for the avoidance of doubt, Financial Indebtedness shall not include any 
indebtedness for or in respect of any interest rate swap, currency swap, forward foreign 
exchange transaction, cap, floor, collar or option transaction or any other treasury transaction 
that, for the avoidance of doubt, is not covered by any of sub-paragraphs (A) to (F) above or 
any combination or hybrid thereof or any derivative or other transaction entered into in 
connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price; and 
(ii) 
“Security” means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any 
Financial Indebtedness. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 5(f). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined 
in accordance with Condition 5(f). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall 
mean each date which falls the number of months or other period specified in the applicable

--- Page 63 ---
63 
Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) 
the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day 
and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such 
date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day 
or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate, provided that in any circumstances where under the ISDA 
Definitions the Calculation Agent would be required to exercise any discretion, 
including the selection of any reference banks and seeking quotations from reference 
banks, when calculating the relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant determination(s) which 
require the Calculation Agent to exercise its discretion shall instead be made by the 
Issuer or its designee. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for 
an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(x) if the Final Terms specify either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions:  
1) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) 
is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
2) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions), 
if applicable, is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
3) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) is 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
4) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions), Compounding is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms and:

--- Page 64 ---
64 
(I) 
Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, (a) Compounding with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days (as 
defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(II) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Final Terms, (a) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period 
Shift Business Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the applicable Final Terms and (b) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined 
in the relevant ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(III) 
Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, (a) Compounding with 
Lockout is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) 
Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days (as 
defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) specified in the Final 
Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
5) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option 
(as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift shall be applicable and, 
(a) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days (as defined in the relevant ISDA Definitions) 
are the days, if applicable, specified in the applicable Final Terms);  
6) 
references in the relevant ISDA Definitions to:  
(I) 
“Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(II) 
“Calculation Period” shall be deemed to be references to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period;  
(III) 
“Termination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the 
Maturity Date; and 
(IV) 
“Effective Date” shall be deemed to be references to the 
Interest Commencement Date; and 
(y) if the Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the applicable ISDA 
Definitions: 
1) 
Administrator/Benchmark Event shall be disapplied; and

--- Page 65 ---
65 
2) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback for any specified Floating 
Rate Option is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – 
Alternative Rate” in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, the reference to “Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination” in the definition of “Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by “Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Previous Day’s Rate”. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(x) Subject to Condition 5(j), where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be either: 
1) 
the offered quotation; or 
2) 
arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate as specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms which appears or appear, as the case may be, 
on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there 
is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest 
(or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided below) of such offered quotations. 
(y) if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, sub-paragraph (x)(1) applies and no 
such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph 
(x)(2) above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to the Calculation Agent (at the request 
of the Issuer) by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such 
banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, or if the Reference 
Rate is STIBOR, the Stockholm inter-bank market, or if the Reference Rate is 
NIBOR, the Oslo inter-bank market, or if  any other Reference Rate is used, the inter-
bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre, as the case may be; or 
(z) if paragraph (y) applies, and fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose and may be Reference Banks) informs

--- Page 66 ---
66 
the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, or if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, 
the Stockholm inter-bank market, or if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, the Oslo inter-
bank market, or if any other Reference Rate is used, the inter-bank market of the 
Relevant Financial Centre, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of 
the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period). 
(C) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference 
to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where 
ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall 
be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and 
the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period provided however that if there is no rate available for the period of 
time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Issuer (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and in consultation with an 
independent financial institution of international repute or an independent financial 
adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer) shall determine such rate 
at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate  
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA 
Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon 
is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable 
prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the 
Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 
6(b)(i)). 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption 
unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event 
interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the 
manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding:

--- Page 67 ---
67 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the applicable Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) 
in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made 
to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified 
Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition 
5(b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a 
negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount 
shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with 0.000005 of a percentage point being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be 
rounded to seven significant figures (provided that if the eighth significant figure 
is a 5 or greater, the seventh significant figure shall be rounded up) and (z) all 
currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of 
such currency (with half a unit being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which 
shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” means the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency. 
(f) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note 
for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the 
Calculation Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for 
such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is 
applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such 
Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period 
comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in 
respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest 
is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction 
shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Change of 
Control Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each 
Interest Determination Date, or such other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or Change of Control Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make 
such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if 
required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or Change of Control Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent 
appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such

--- Page 68 ---
68 
information and, if the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a stock exchange and the 
rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant 
authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, 
the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest 
Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the 
accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless 
continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of 
the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any 
rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or 
calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding upon all parties. 
(h) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre for such currency and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a “TARGET 
Business Day”) and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is 
indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding 
the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the 
“Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365) 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366

--- Page 69 ---
69 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30  
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 70 ---
70 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
(viii) if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:  
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date 
in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date(s). 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union 
that adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period 
Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means:  
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending 
the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Accrual Period, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is 
so specified (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency 
is sterling, (ii) the day falling two Business Days in Oslo prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is NOK, (iii) the day falling two 
Business Days in Stockholm prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if 
the Specified Currency is SEK or (iv) the day falling two TARGET Business Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date 
and each successive period beginning on and including an Interest Payment Date and 
ending on but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”), as amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions, including any Matrices referred to therein, as published 
by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes. 
“NIBOR” means the Norwegian kroner interbank offered rate.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of 
this Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” means in the case of a determination of (i) EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market 
(ii) STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four major banks in the Stockholm 
inter-bank market, (iii) NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the 
Oslo inter-bank market or (iv) any other Reference Rate, the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of four major banks in the inter-bank market of the Relevant 
Financial Centre, in each case selected by the Issuer. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means the financial centre specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of 
a particular information service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or 
any successor or replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service).  
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
"Specified Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if no such time is so specified 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time) if the Reference Rate is STIBOR or 12.00 
noon (Oslo time) if the Reference Rate is NIBOR. 
“STIBOR” means the Stockholm interbank offered rate. 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 
19 November 2007 or any successor thereto. 
(i) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the applicable Final Terms and for so long 
as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one 
Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the 
Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties 
under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to 
calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount or Change of Control Redemption Amount as the case may be, or to comply 
with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution 
engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index 
options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made 
by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively

--- Page 73 ---
73 
involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its 
duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(j) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance 
with Condition 5(j)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(j)(iv)). In making such 
determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(j) 
shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In 
the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 
5(j).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) an Adjustment Spread in accordance with 
this Condition 5(j)(i) prior to the date which is 10 business days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Accrual 
Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall 
be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance 
of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual 
Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of 
this Condition 5(j)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, determines that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 5(j)); or  
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be

--- Page 74 ---
74 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(j)).  
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be).  
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(j) and the 
Independent Adviser, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread 
(such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 5(j)(v), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or Agency Agreement to give 
effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice. For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and any other 
agents party to the Agency Agreement shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, 
effect such consequential amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement as may be required in order to give effect to the application of this 
Condition 5(j). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(j), the Calculation Agent or 
any Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser 
in respect of any changes or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 5(j) 
to which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, 
as the case may be, would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to 
any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective 
provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as 
applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(j)(iv), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for 
the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5(j) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents 
and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two 
directors of the Issuer:

--- Page 75 ---
75 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate 
or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in 
each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
5(j); and  
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either 
case) the applicable Adjustment Spread.  
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the 
Noteholders at all reasonable times during normal business hours.  
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be 
entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient 
evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the 
absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s or the Calculation Agent’s or the Paying 
Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(j), if following the 
determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 5(j), the Calculation Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in 
writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is 
not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to 
its own gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation 
Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in 
the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any 
liability for not doing so.  
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(j)(i), (ii), (iii) and 
(iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fall-back provisions provided for in 
Condition 5(b)(B) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has 
occurred.  
(vii) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 5(j): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero) or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 76 ---
76 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or 
in the case of an Alternative Rate);  
(b) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate 
for the Original Reference Rate; or (if Independent Adviser determines that no 
such spread is customarily applied)  
(c) 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5(j)(ii) is customarily 
applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(j)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or   
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or  
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or  
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or  
(e) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or 
will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative of its 
relevant underlying market; or    
(f) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful 
for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate;

--- Page 77 ---
77 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (i) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (b) and (c) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the 
Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the 
case may be, (ii) in the case of sub-paragraph (d) above, on the date of the prohibition 
of use of the Original Reference Rate and (iii) in the case of sub-paragraph (e) above, 
on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or 
will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its 
relevant underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public statement, 
and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement.  
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly 
notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the 
avoidance of doubt, neither the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying 
Agents shall have any responsibility for making such determination.  
“business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are 
open for business in the place of the specified office of the Calculation Agent. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by 
the Issuer under Condition 5(j)(i). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
on the Notes. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or  
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.  
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(k) 
Sustainability-Linked Notes This Condition 5(k) applies to Notes in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that the Sustainability-Linked Notes (Step Up Option) or the 
Sustainability-Linked Notes (Redemption Premium Option) is applicable (such Notes, the 
"Sustainability-Linked Notes"). 
(i) 
Step Up Notes: In the case of Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms 
indicate that Sustainability-Linked Notes (Step Up Option) is applicable ("Step Up 
Notes"):

--- Page 78 ---
78 
(a) the applicable Final Terms shall specify whether one or more Step Up Event(s) 
apply and the corresponding Step Up Margin in respect of each such Step Up 
Event;   
(b) subject to Conditions 5(k)(i)(c) and 5(k)(i)(d) below, if a Step Up Event occurs, 
(in the case of Fixed Rate Notes only) the applicable Rate of Interest or (in the 
case of Floating Rate Notes only) the applicable Margin (as the case may be) shall 
be increased by the relevant Step Up Margin with effect from (and including) the 
Step Up Date;   
(c) any increase in the Rate of Interest or Margin (as the case may be) pursuant to 
Condition 5(k)(i)(b) above may occur no more than once in respect of each 
relevant Step Up Event and, subject to Condition 5(k)(iv) and Condition 5(k)(v) 
below, such increased Rate of Interest or Margin (as the case may be) will not 
subsequently decrease; and  
(d) if (A) more than one Reference Year is specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of a Total GHG Emissions Event; (B) a Total GHG Emissions Event 
occurs in any applicable Reference Year such that (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes 
only) the applicable Rate of Interest or (in the case of Floating Rate Notes only) 
the applicable Margin (as the case may be) has been increased by the relevant 
Step Up Margin pursuant to Condition 5(k)(i)(b) above; and (C) a Reporting Reset 
Event and/or a Condition Satisfaction Reset Event is not applicable or if 
applicable, has not occurred then if another Total GHG Emissions Event occurs 
with respect to any subsequent Reference Year, no additional Step Up Margin will 
apply pursuant to Condition 5(k)(i)(b) above and the first applicable Step-Up 
Margin shall continue to apply to the Notes. 
(ii) 
Redemption Premium Notes: In the case of Notes in respect of which the applicable 
Final Terms indicate that Sustainability-Linked Notes (Redemption Premium Option) 
is applicable ("Redemption Premium Notes"): 
(a) the applicable Final Terms shall specify whether one or more Step Up Event(s) 
apply and the corresponding Redemption Premium Amount and the 
corresponding Redemption Premium Payment Date in respect of each such Step 
Up Event; 
(b) subject to Condition 5(k)(ii)(c) and 5(k)(ii)(d) below, if a Step Up Event occurs, 
the Issuer shall pay to each Noteholder an amount equal to the relevant 
Redemption Premium Amount on the relevant Redemption Premium Payment 
Date (or, (x) if the Issuer gives notice of its intention to redeem the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 6, and the relevant early redemption date falls prior to 
such Redemption Premium Payment Date, on the relevant early redemption date 
or (y) if the Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 10 
prior to such Redemption Premium Payment Date, on the date on which they 
become due and payable);  
(c) an amount equal to any Redemption Premium Amount shall become payable no 
more than once in respect of each relevant Step Up Event that occurs and, subject 
to Condition 5(k)(iv) and Condition 5(k)(v) below, such amount will not 
subsequently cease to be payable; and

--- Page 79 ---
79 
(d) if (A) more than one Reference Year is specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of a Total GHG Emissions Event; (B) a Total GHG Emissions Event 
occurs in any applicable Reference Year such that a Redemption Premium 
Amount is payable pursuant to Condition 5(k)(ii)(b) above; and (C) a Reporting 
Reset Event and/or a Condition Satisfaction Reset Event is not applicable or if 
applicable, has not occurred, then if another Total GHG Emissions Event occurs 
with respect to any subsequent Reference Year, no additional Redemption 
Premium Amount will be payable pursuant to Condition 5(k)(ii)(b) above. 
(iii) 
Notification: With respect to each relevant Step Up Event that is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will cause the occurrence of such Step Up Event or 
the satisfaction of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition (as the case may 
be) to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 14, the Noteholders promptly after such occurrence or satisfaction (as 
applicable) and no later than the relevant Step Up Event Notification Deadline. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and, if a Step Up Event has occurred, shall:    
(a) in respect of Step Up Notes only, specify the relevant Step Up Date and the Rate 
of Interest or Margin (as the case may be) that shall apply to such Step Up Notes 
with effect from (and including) the Step Up Date; and  
(b) in respect of Redemption Premium Notes only, specify the relevant Redemption 
Premium Amount and the corresponding Redemption Premium Payment Date. 
(iv) 
Reporting Reset Event:  
With respect to each Step Up Event that applies, the applicable Final Terms shall 
specify whether a Reporting Reset Event also applies. If a Reporting Reset Event is 
applicable to a Step Up Event, then if: 
(a) the relevant Step Up Event had originally occurred solely because the relevant 
Reporting Condition was not satisfied due to reasons outside the control of the 
Issuer;  
(b) the Environment, Social and Governance Report and/or Assurance Report (as 
applicable) is subsequently published as required by Condition 16 
(notwithstanding the Step Up Event Notification Deadline having passed); 
(c) the Environment, Social and Governance Report and Assurance Report confirm 
the satisfaction of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition; and  
(d) no Condition Satisfaction Reset Event has occurred in circumstances where the 
applicable Final Terms specify that a Condition Satisfaction Reset Event is 
applicable,  
((a) to (d) together, a “Reporting Reset Event”) a Reporting Reset Event shall occur 
and:  
(x) 
in the case of Step Up Notes, the relevant Step Up Margin shall cease to apply 
for each Interest Accrual Period commencing on or after such Reporting Reset 
Event; and 
(y) 
in the case of Redemption Premium Notes (unless the relevant Redemption 
Premium Amount has been paid to Noteholders on or before the occurrence of

--- Page 80 ---
80 
the Reporting Reset Event or the Reporting Reset Event occurs less than 30 days 
before the Redemption Premium Payment Date) no amount equal to the relevant 
Redemption Premium Amount will be due or payable with respect to the relevant 
Step Up Event. 
 A Reporting Reset Event shall be deemed to occur when the conditions set out in 
paragraphs (a) to (d) above have been satisfied. 
 Any decrease in the Rate of Interest or Margin or any cancellation of the requirement 
to pay an amount equal to the relevant Redemption Premium Amount (as the case may 
be), each as set out above, may occur no more than once in respect of each relevant 
Step Up Event that occurs. The Rate of Interest or Margin (as the case may be) may 
subsequently increase in accordance with Condition 5(k)(i) above or a Redemption 
Premium Amount may subsequently become payable in accordance with Condition 
5(k)(ii) above with respect to any other Step Up Event that occurs in accordance with 
these Conditions. 
(v) 
Condition Satisfaction Reset Event:  
If the applicable Final Terms specify that more than one Reference Year applies with 
respect to a Step Up Event, the applicable Final Terms shall specify whether a 
Condition Satisfaction Reset Event also applies. If a Condition Satisfaction Reset 
Event is applicable to a Step Up Event, then if:   
(a) a Step Up Event occurs in relation to the first Reference Year; 
(b) either a Reporting Reset Event is not applicable or, if applicable, has not occurred 
in relation to the relevant Step Up Event; and  
(c) the Issuer satisfies the relevant Sustainability-Linked Note Condition in a 
subsequent Reference Year, 
((a) to (c) together, a "Condition Satisfaction Reset Event"), a Condition Satisfaction 
Reset Event shall occur and:    
(x) 
in the case of Step Up Notes, the relevant Step Up Margin shall cease to apply 
for each Interest Accrual Period commencing on or after such Condition 
Satisfaction Reset Event; and 
(y) 
in the case of Redemption Premium Notes (unless the relevant Redemption 
Premium Amount has been paid to Noteholders on or before the occurrence of 
the Condition Satisfaction Reset Event or the Condition Satisfaction Reset Event 
occurs less than 30 days before the Redemption Premium Payment Date) no 
amount equal to the relevant Redemption Premium Amount will be due or 
payable with respect to the relevant Step Up Event. 
A Condition Satisfaction Reset Event shall be deemed to occur when the conditions 
set out in paragraphs (a) to (c) above have been satisfied. 
Any decrease in the Rate of Interest or Margin or any cancellation of the requirement 
to pay an amount equal to the Redemption Premium Amount (as the case may be), 
each as set out above, may occur no more than once in respect of each relevant Step 
Up Event that occurs. The Rate of Interest or Margin (as the case may be) may 
subsequently increase in accordance with Condition 5(k)(i) above or a Redemption

--- Page 81 ---
81 
Premium Amount may subsequently become payable in accordance with Condition 
5(k)(ii) above with respect to any other Step Up Event that occurs in accordance with 
these Conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if, in the case of Step Up Notes, a (i) Step Up Event and 
(ii) a Reporting Reset Event and/or a Condition Satisfaction Reset Event (as 
applicable) occur in the same Interest Accrual Period, there will be no increase or 
subsequent decrease of the Rate of Interest or the Margin (as the case may be) with 
respect to such Step Up Event.  
(vi) 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of Step Up Notes, no Redemption Premium 
Amount shall be payable as a result of a Step Up Event and in the case of Redemption 
Premium Notes, no increase in the applicable Rate of Interest or Margin (as applicable) 
shall occur as a result of a Step Up Event. 
(vii) 
Monitoring, etc: Neither the Fiscal Agent nor any of the Paying Agents shall be obliged 
to monitor or inquire as to whether or not Step Up Event(s), Reporting Reset Event(s) 
or Condition Satisfaction Reset Event(s) have occurred and/or Sustainability-Linked 
Note Condition(s) have been satisfied nor shall they have any liability in respect 
thereof. 
(viii) 
Definitions: As used in these Conditions: 
"2018 Total GHG Emissions Baseline" means the baseline specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, being the Total GHG Emissions Amount for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2018 (or 31 December 2017 for Paragominas, Alunorte and 
Albras), as may be amended from time to time upon the occurrence of a Recalculation 
Event and, if so amended, as published by the Issuer in the next following 
Environment, Social and Governance Report published in accordance with Condition 
16 (Sustainability Reporting), all as calculated in good faith by the Issuer (which 
determination shall involve obtaining independent third party support such as an 
Assurance Report provided by an External Verifier);  
"Assurance Report" has the meaning give to it in Condition 16 (Sustainability 
Reporting); 
"Condition Satisfaction Reset Event" has the meaning specified above; 
"Environment, Social and Governance Report" has the meaning give to it in 
Condition 16 (Sustainability Reporting);  
"equity basis" means the equity determination principles as used in Hydro’s annual 
report; 
"External Verifier" means a qualified provider of third-party assurance or attestation 
services or other independent expert appointed by the Issuer, in each case with the 
expertise necessary to perform the functions required to be performed by an External 
Verifier under these Conditions, as determined in good faith by the Issuer; 
"GHG Protocol Standard" means the document titled "The Greenhouse Gas 
Protocol, A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)" 
published by the World Business Council for Sustainable Development and the World 
Resources Institute, as such document may be amended, supplemented or replaced at 
the relevant time;

--- Page 82 ---
82 
"Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time taken as a whole; 
"Post-Consumer Scrap" means aluminium scrap that comes from products which 
have fulfilled the purpose for which they were produced; 
"Post-Consumer Scrap Recycling Capacity" means in respect of any financial year, 
the amount, in tonnes, of Post-Consumer Scrap recycling capacity of the Group as 
calculated in good faith by the Issuer and published by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Sustainability Reporting); 
"Post-Consumer Scrap Recycling Capacity Amount" means the amount of Post-
Consumer Scrap Recycling Capacity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Post-Consumer Scrap Recycling Capacity Condition" means, in relation to the 
Post-Consumer Scrap Recycling Capacity Reference Year, the condition that:  
(i) 
the Reporting Condition has been satisfied; and  
(ii) the Post-Consumer Scrap Recycling Capacity in respect of such Post-Consumer 
Scrap Recycling Capacity Reference Year, as shown in the relevant 
Environment, Social and Governance Report, is equal to or greater than the Post-
Consumer Scrap Recycling Capacity Amount; 
"Post-Consumer Scrap Recycling Capacity Event" occurs if the requirements of 
paragraph (i) and/or paragraph (ii) of the of the Post-Consumer Scrap Recycling 
Capacity Condition in respect of the Post-Consumer Scrap Recycling Capacity 
Reference Year is not satisfied; 
"Post-Consumer Scrap Recycling Capacity Reference Year" means the financial 
year of the Issuer specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Post-Consumer 
Scrap Recycling Capacity Reference Year; 
"Recalculation Event" means the occurrence of an event that requires a recalculation 
of the 2018 Total GHG Emissions Baseline (to the extent stated to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) for any financial year of the Group due to such event having 
an impact on the relevant baseline equal to or above 5 per cent., including without 
limitation (i) any event that requires the Issuer to change its calculation methodology 
following a significant change in data due to better data accessibility or discovery of 
data errors; and (ii) significant structural changes to the perimeter of the Group such 
as acquisitions, divestitures or mergers, care and maintenance, large capital projects 
or as a result of a force majeure event occurring, in each case as determined in good 
faith by the Issuer (which determination shall involve obtaining independent third 
party support such as an Assurance Report provided by an External Verifier); 
"Redemption Premium Amount" means in relation to a Step Up Event, the amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Redemption Premium Amount in 
respect of such Step Up Event; 
"Redemption Premium Payment Date" is the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Reference Year" means: 
(a) 
a Total GHG Emissions Reference Year; and/or

--- Page 83 ---
83 
(b) 
the Post-Consumer Scrap Recycling Capacity Reference Year; 
"Reporting Condition" means the publication of the Environment, Social and 
Governance Report and the Assurance Report in respect of the relevant Reference Year 
by the relevant Step Up Event Notification Deadline;  
"Reporting Reset Event" has the meaning specified above; 
"Scope 1 Emissions" means, in respect of a financial year, direct greenhouse gas 
emissions from facilities owned or controlled by the Group as defined by the GHG 
Protocol Standard; 
"Scope 2 Emissions" means, in respect of a financial year, indirect greenhouse gas 
emissions associated with the consumption of electricity, steam or heat purchased or 
imported by the Group, as defined by the GHG Protocol Standard; 
"Step Up Date" means, in relation to any Step Up Event, the first Interest Payment 
Date immediately following the occurrence of such Step Up Event; 
"Step Up Event" means, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Total GHG 
Emissions Event and/or a Post-Consumer Scrap Recycling Capacity Event. A Step Up 
Event shall be deemed to occur on the earlier of (i) the Issuer announcing the 
occurrence of the relevant Step Up Event pursuant to Condition 6(k)(iii) above and 
(ii) the Reporting Condition not being satisfied on or before the relevant Step Up Event 
Notification Deadline; 
"Step Up Event Notification Deadline" means the day falling 150 days after the last 
day of the relevant Reference Year;  
"Step Up Margin" means in relation to a Step Up Event, the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being the Step Up Margin in respect of such Step Up Event;  
"Sustainability-Linked Note Condition" means, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Total GHG Emissions Condition and/or the Post-Consumer Scrap 
Recycling Capacity Condition; 
"Total GHG Emissions Amount" means, in millions of metric tonnes of carbon 
dioxide equivalent on an equity basis (Mt CO2e (equity basis)), the sum of the: 
(a) 
Scope 1 Emissions; and 
(b) 
Scope 2 Emissions, 
(calculated in accordance with the GHG Protocol Standard), in each case in respect of 
a financial year and calculated in good faith by the Issuer and reported by the Group 
in accordance with Condition 16 (Sustainability Reporting) and verified by an 
External Verifier in an Assurance Report. 
"Total GHG Emissions Condition" means, in relation to each Total GHG Emissions 
Reference Year, the condition that:  
(i)  the Reporting Condition has been satisfied; and  
(ii) the Total GHG Emissions Percentage in respect of such Total GHG Emissions 
Reference Year, as shown in the relevant Environment, Social and Governance

--- Page 84 ---
84 
Report, is equal to or greater than the Total GHG Emissions Percentage 
Threshold in respect of such Total GHG Emissions Reference Year,  
"Total GHG Emissions Event" occurs if the requirements of paragraph (i) and/or 
paragraph (ii) of the Total GHG Emissions Condition in respect of any Total GHG 
Emissions Reference Year is not satisfied;  
"Total GHG Emissions Percentage" means, in respect of any financial year, the 
percentage by which the Total GHG Emissions Amount for such financial year is a 
reduction in comparison to the 2018 Total GHG Emissions Baseline, as calculated in 
good faith by the Issuer and published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 16 
(Sustainability Reporting); 
"Total GHG Emissions Percentage Threshold(s)" means the threshold(s) (expressed 
as a percentage) specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Total GHG 
Emissions Percentage Threshold(s) in respect of the relevant Total GHG Emissions 
Reference Year(s); and 
"Total GHG Emissions Reference Year" means the financial year(s) of the Issuer 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Total GHG Emissions Reference 
Year(s). 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be finally 
redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount 
(which, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, is its nominal amount) and, in the case 
of Redemption Premium Notes, any applicable Redemption Premium Amount that has become payable 
pursuant to Condition 5(k) but not yet been paid. 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d), or Condition 6(f) or 
upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 shall be the Amortised 
Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and, in the case of Redemption Premium Notes, any applicable 
Redemption Premium Amount that has become payable pursuant to Condition 5(k) but 
not yet been paid. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall be such rate as would 
produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were 
discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d), Condition 6(e), Condition 6(f), Condition 6(g)

--- Page 85 ---
85 
or Condition 6(h) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 is not 
paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note 
shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, 
except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Note 
becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face 
Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and 
after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the 
Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that 
may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(c). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on 
the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than 
Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), 
Condition 6(d), Condition 6(e), Condition 6(f), Condition 6(g) or Condition 6(h) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10, shall be the Final Redemption 
Amount unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at 
any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date 
fixed for redemption) at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above) 
(together with interest accrued (if any) to (but excluding) to the date fixed for redemption and, 
in the case of Redemption Premium Notes, any applicable Redemption Premium Amount that 
has become payable pursuant to Condition 5(k) but has not yet been paid), if:   
(i) 
the Issuer has or will on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as described under Condition 8 as a result of any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 8) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the last Tranche of the Notes, and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it,  
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Notes then due. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(c), the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the 
Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred.  
All Notes in respect of which any notice of redemption is given under this Condition 6(c) shall be 
redeemed on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition 6(c). 
Any Notes which are the subject of Exercise Notices or Change of Control Put Exercise Notices, as the 
case may be, which have been validly delivered pursuant to Condition 6(g) or 6(h), as the case may be, 
before the date on which notice is provided by the Issuer as referred to above shall be redeemed as 
provided in Condition 6(g) or 6(h), as the case may be, and not as provided in this Condition 6(c). Any

--- Page 86 ---
86 
notice of redemption given under Condition 6(d), Condition 6(e) or Condition 6(f) will override any 
notice of redemption given (whether previously, on the same date or subsequently) under this Condition 
6(c). 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option):  
(i) 
If the Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not 
less than 30 but not more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) redeem all or, if so 
provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date (provided that if the Issuer 
Maturity Par Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Optional Redemption 
Date falls before the Par Call Period Commencement Date). Any such redemption of Notes 
shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above)), 
together with interest accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date and, in the case of Redemption Premium Notes, any applicable Redemption Premium 
Amount that has become payable pursuant to Condition 5(k) but not yet been paid. 
(ii) 
If Make-Whole Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Optional 
Redemption Amount, the "Make-Whole Amount" per Note shall be equal to the higher of:  
(A) 
the nominal amount of the Note; and  
(B) 
the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
Remaining Term Interest (exclusive of any interest accrued to the date of redemption and 
assuming for this purpose the Notes are to be redeemed at their nominal amount on the 
Make-Whole Reference Date), in each case discounted to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date on either an annual or a semi-annual basis as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (based on the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms) at 
the Reference Dealer Rate plus any applicable Redemption Margin specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, all as determined by the Determination Agent, together with 
interest accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable Final Terms and no greater than 
the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Any Notes which are the subject of Exercise Notices or Change of Control Put Exercise Notices, 
as the case may be, which have been validly delivered pursuant to Condition 6(g) or Condition 
6(h), as applicable, before the date on which notice is provided by the Issuer as referred to in the 
preceding paragraph shall be redeemed as provided in Condition 6(g) or Condition 6(h), as 
applicable, and not as provided in this Condition 6(d).  
Any notice of redemption given under this Condition 6(d) will override any notice of redemption 
given (whether previously, or on the same date or subsequently) under Condition 6(c), Condition 
6(e) and/or Condition 6(f). 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In this Condition: 
“Determination Agent” means an investment banking, accountancy, appraisal or financial 
advisory firm with international standing that has (in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer)

--- Page 87 ---
87 
appropriate expertise relevant to the determination required to be made under this Condition 6(d) 
selected by the Issuer. 
“Make-Whole Reference Date” means the earliest of (i) the Maturity Date, (ii) the Par Call 
Period Commencement Date (if applicable) and (iii) any other date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Reference Bond” means the government security specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (if 
such security is no longer in issue or, in the determination of the Determination Agent, with the 
advice of the Reference Dealers, is no longer appropriate by reason of illiquidity or otherwise), 
such other central bank or government security that, in the majority opinion of three Reference 
Dealers (one of whom shall be the Determination Agent) (i) has a maturity date as near as possible 
to the Make-Whole Reference Date and (ii) would be utilised, at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities 
of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. If three Reference Dealers (one of 
whom shall be the Determination Agent) do not select the same central bank or government 
security, the Determination Agent after consultation with the Issuer shall approach a fifth 
Reference Dealer and, from the different central bank or government securities selected by the 
other Reference Dealers, such fifth Reference Dealer shall select as the Reference Bond the 
central bank or government security which, in its opinion (x) has a maturity date as near as 
possible to the Make-Whole Reference Date and (y) would be utilised, at the time of selection 
and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. The central bank or 
government security so selected by the fifth Reference Dealer shall then be the Reference Bond. 
“Reference Dealers” means each of four banks selected by the Issuer which are (A) a primary 
government securities dealer, or (B) a market maker in pricing corporate bond issues.  
“Reference Dealer Rate” means with respect to the Reference Dealers and any Optional 
Redemption Date, the average of the four quotations of the mid-market annual yield to maturity 
of the Reference Bond at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms and quoted in writing to the 
Determination Agent by the Reference Dealers. 
“Remaining Term Interest” means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term to the Make-Whole Reference Date 
determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call): If Issuer Maturity Par 
Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes at any 
time during the period commencing on (and including) the Par Call Period Commencement Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, at the Final 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together with interest accrued (if 
any) to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption and, in the case of Redemption Premium 
Notes, any applicable Redemption Premium Amount that has become payable pursuant to 
Condition 5(k) but not yet been paid. 
Any Notes which are the subject of Exercise Notices or Change of Control Put Exercise Notices, 
as the case may be, which have been validly delivered pursuant to Condition 6(g) or Condition

--- Page 88 ---
88 
6(h), as applicable, before the date on which notice is provided by the Issuer as referred to in the 
preceding paragraph shall be redeemed as provided in Condition 6(g) or Condition 6(h), as 
applicable, and not as provided in this Condition 6(e).  
Any notice of redemption given under this Condition 6(e) will override any notice of redemption 
given (whether previously, on the same date or subsequently) under Condition 6(c). Any notice 
of redemption given under Condition 6(d) or Condition 6(f) will override any notice of 
redemption given (whether previously, on the same date or subsequently) under this Condition 
6(e). 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Clean-up Call): If a Clean-up Call is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, if 85 per cent. or more in nominal amount of the Notes 
issued have been redeemed or purchased, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ 
irrevocable notice to Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) all but not some only 
of the remaining outstanding Notes at their Clean-Up Price together with interest accrued (if 
any) to (but excluding) the date fixed for such redemption or purchase and, in the case of 
Redemption Premium Notes any applicable Redemption Premium Amount that has become 
payable pursuant to Condition 5(k) but not yet been paid. 
“Clean-Up Price” means, in respect of any Note, such amount as may be specified as the Clean-
Up Price in the applicable Final Terms (which may be the Early Redemption Amount as described 
in Condition 6(b) above) or (if no such price is so specified in the applicable Final Terms) the 
principal amount of such Note; provided that where the Issuer exercises the Clean-Up Call 
following or as a result of redemption of some of the Notes pursuant to Condition 6(d)(ii) at the 
Make-Whole Amount, the Clean-Up Price shall be equal to the Make-Whole Amount calculated 
by reference to the date fixed for redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of the Notes 
pursuant to exercise of the Clean-Up Call by the Issuer. 
If the Issuer exercises the Clean-Up Call in circumstances (as specified in the definition of ‘Clean-
Up Price’ below) where the Clean-Up Price is the Make-Whole Amount, the Make-Whole 
Amount and any accrued interest on the Notes to (but excluding) the relevant redemption or 
purchase date, if any, will be notified (promptly following the determination thereof but in any 
event no later than 2 (two) business days prior to the relevant redemption or purchase date) by 
the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
Any Notes which are the subject of Exercise Notices or Change of Control Put Exercise Notices, 
as the case may be, which have been validly delivered pursuant to Condition 6(g) or Condition 
6(h), as applicable, before the date on which notice is provided by the Issuer as referred to in the 
preceding paragraph shall be redeemed as provided in Condition 6(g) or Condition 6(h), as 
applicable, and not as provided in this Condition 6(f).  
Any notice of redemption given under this Condition 6(f) will override any notice of redemption 
given (whether previously, on the same date or subsequently) under Condition 6(c) or Condition 
6(e). Any notice of redemption given under Condition 6(d) will override any notice of redemption 
given (whether previously, on the same date or subsequently) under this Condition 6(f). 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders (Put Option): If Put Option is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, (unless prior to the giving of the relevant Exercise Notice (as defined 
below) the Issuer has given notice of redemption under Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d), 
Condition 6(e) or Condition 6(f) above), the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such 
Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) redeem 
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in 
Condition 6(b) above)), together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption and, in the case of Redemption Premium Notes, any applicable Redemption 
Premium Amount that has become payable pursuant to Condition 5(k) but not yet been paid. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together 
with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the case of 
Registered Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent at its specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise 
Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as 
applicable) within the notice period. No Note or Certificate so deposited and option exercised 
may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of 
the Issuer.  
To exercise such option the holder must (in the case of VPS Notes) provide a written notice to its 
account manager for the VPS, who will notify the VPS Paying Agent of the exercise of the option. 
(h) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders (Change of Control Put Option): If Change of 
Control Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if at any time while any Note 
remains outstanding a Change of Control Put Event occurs, the holder of any such Note will 
have the option (a “Change of Control Put Option”) (unless prior to the giving of the relevant 
Change of Control Put Event Notice (as defined below) the Issuer has given notice of redemption 
under Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d), Condition 6(e) or Condition 6(f) above) to require the 
Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Note on the 
Change of Control Put Date (as defined below) at the Change of Control Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms together with (or, where purchased, together with an 
amount equal to) interest accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the Change of Control Put Date and, 
in the case of Redemption Premium Notes, any applicable Redemption Premium Amount that 
has become payable pursuant to Condition 5(k) but not yet been paid. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred the 
Issuer shall, give notice (a “Change of Control Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event and the 
procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together 
with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the case of 
Registered Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent at its specified office, together with a duly signed and completed notice of exercise (a 
“Change of Control Put Exercise Notice”) in the form (for the time being current) obtainable 
from the specified office of any Paying Agent within the period (the “Change of Control Put 
Period”) of 30 days after a Change of Control Put Event Notice is given. No Note or Certificate 
so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency 
Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
To exercise such option the holder must (in the case of VPS Notes) provide a written notice to 
its account manager for the VPS, who will notify the VPS Paying Agent of the exercise of the 
option.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
Payment in respect of any Note so delivered will be made on the date which is the fifth business 
day (as defined in Condition 7(i)) after the expiration of the Change of Control Put Period (the 
“Change of Control Put Date”). A Change of Control Put Exercise Notice, once given, shall be 
irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) the relevant Notes 
on the Change of Control Put Date unless previously redeemed (or purchased) and cancelled. 
If the ratings designations employed by any of Moody’s, S&P or any other Rating Agency are 
changed from those which are described in the definition of “Investment Grade Rating” below, 
the Issuer shall determine the rating designations of Moody’s, S&P or such other Rating Agency 
(as appropriate) as are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody’s, S&P or such 
other Rating Agency and this Condition 6(h) shall be construed accordingly. 
In this Condition 6(h): 
“Change of Control” means (whether or not approved by the board of directors or the 
executive board (as applicable) of the Issuer) any person or persons acting in concert or any 
person or persons acting on behalf of any such person(s), at any time directly or indirectly 
own(s) or acquire(s) more than 50 per cent. of the issued ordinary share capital of the Issuer; 
provided, however, that a Change of Control shall not be deemed to have occurred if such 
ownership or acquisition is by the Kingdom of Norway and/or by any entity or entities (acting 
together or individually) controlled by the Kingdom of Norway from time to time, or in respect 
of which the Kingdom of Norway owns, directly or indirectly, more than 50 per cent. of the 
issued ordinary share capital of such entity; 
“Change of Control Announcement” means any formal public announcement or statement 
by or on behalf of the Issuer, or any actual or potential bidder or any advisor thereto, relating 
to any potential Change of Control where, within 180 days of the date of such announcement 
or statement, a Change of Control occurs; 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the earlier of (a) the date of 
the relevant Change of Control and (b) the date of the earliest Change of Control Announcement 
(if any) and ending, in each case, 180 days after the date of the relevant Change of Control; 
A “Change of Control Put Event” will be deemed to occur if a Change of Control occurs and 
either: 
(i) 
a Rating Downgrade shall have occurred within the Change of Control Period, or 
(ii) 
a Negative Rating Event shall have occurred;  
“Investment Grade Rating” means a rating of at least BBB- (or equivalent thereof) in case of 
S&P or a rating of at least Baa3 (or equivalent thereof) in the case of Moody’s or the equivalent 
rating in the case of any other Rating Agency; 
“Negative Rating Event” means the event when neither the Issuer nor the Notes are rated by 
a Rating Agency and a Change of Control occurs, and: 
(i) 
the Issuer does not within the Change of Control Period seek, and thereafter use all 
reasonable endeavours to obtain from a Rating Agency, a rating of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
if the Issuer does so seek and use such endeavours, at the expiry of the Change of 
Control Period the Issuer has not obtained an Investment Grade Rating of the 
Notes, provided that the Rating Agency publicly announces or publicly confirms

--- Page 91 ---
91 
in writing that its declining to assign an Investment Grade Rating was the result of 
the applicable Change of Control;  
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s”) or Standard & 
Poor’s Rating Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. (“S&P”) or any of their 
respective successors or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing specified 
from time to time by the Issuer and notified to Noteholders by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 
14; and 
A “Rating Downgrade” means the rating previously assigned to the Issuer or the Notes by a 
Rating Agency is: 
(i) 
withdrawn and not subsequently reinstated within the Change of Control Period; 
or  
(ii) 
save as provided in (iii) below, changed to a rating lower than Investment Grade 
Rating and not subsequently upgraded to an Investment Grade Rating within the 
Change of Control Period; or  
(iii) 
 (if the rating assigned to the Issuer or the Notes by any Rating Agency immediately 
prior to the commencement of the Change of Control Period is lower than 
Investment Grade Rating), lowered one or more full rating category/ies and not 
subsequently upgraded, within the Change of Control Period, to such rating 
assigned to the Issuer or the Notes (as the case may be) prior to the commencement 
of the Change of Control Period,  
provided that a Rating Downgrade otherwise arising by virtue of a particular change in rating 
shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of Control if the Rating 
Agency making the change in rating to which this definition would otherwise apply does not 
publicly announce or publicly confirm that the reduction was the result of the applicable 
Change of Control. Notwithstanding the above, save from during a Change of Control Period, 
the Issuer may in its sole discretion cease to be rated by any Rating Agency. 
(i) 
Purchase: The Issuer and its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market 
or otherwise at any price (provided that, if they should be cancelled under Condition 6(j) below, 
they are purchased together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating to 
them). The Notes so purchased, while held by or on behalf of the Issuer or any such Subsidiary, 
shall not entitle the holder to vote at any meetings of the Noteholders (or to sign any Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) or participate in any Electronic Consent (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement)) and shall not be deemed to be outstanding for the purposes 
of calculating quorums at meetings of the Noteholders or otherwise for the purposes of Condition 
11(a). 
In these Conditions, “Subsidiary” means an entity from time to time: 
i. which is fully consolidated in the consolidated balance sheet of the Issuer; or 
ii. of which the Issuer directly or through or together with another Subsidiary owns 
more than fifty per cent. of the equity share capital (or equivalent right of 
ownership). 
(j) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may 
be surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note 
together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in the

--- Page 92 ---
92 
case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar 
and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be 
cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith). The VPS Notes shall be cancelled in accordance with the VPS 
Rules. Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged.  
(k) 
VPS Notes: Any redemption of the VPS Notes pursuant to this Condition 6 shall be in 
accordance with the VPS Rules. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned 
below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all other payments 
of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(g)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, 
save as specified in Condition 7(g)(ii)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the 
holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the 
principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to 
the TARGET System. 
(b) Registered Notes: 
(i) Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the 
Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of 
business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). 
Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque 
drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of such Note at 
its address appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be made by 
transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank. 
(c) Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in 
U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New 
York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified 
offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of 
such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States 
law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
 
(d) VPS Notes: Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of the VPS Notes shall be made to the holders 
registered as such on the fifth business day (pursuant to the then applicable VPS Rules) shown in the relevant 
records of the VPS before the due date for such payment, or such other business day falling closer to the 
due date as then may be stipulated in the VPS Rules and will be made in accordance with said VPS Rules. 
Such day shall be the “Record Date” in respect of the VPS Notes in accordance with the VPS Rules.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
(e) Payments subject to Laws: Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and 
regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 
8 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or the Couponholders in respect 
of such payments. 
 
(f) Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the 
Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely 
as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any 
Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment 
of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) 
and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all 
times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in 
relation to Registered Notes, (iv) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) so 
long as any VPS Notes are cleared through VPS, a Paying Agent with a specified office in Norway; and (vi) 
such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed and/or 
admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Bearer 
Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(g) Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes, such Notes 
should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, 
failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case 
of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from 
the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or 
Change of Control Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so 
deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon 
within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or 
not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9).  
(ii) Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, unmatured 
Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall 
be made in respect of them. 
(iii) Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of 
such Talon. 
(iv) Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void upon 
the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all unmatured 
Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon

--- Page 94 ---
94 
relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer 
may require. 
(v) If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest accrued 
from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as the 
case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the 
relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Note 
that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against 
presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
 
(h) Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon 
for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 
9). 
(i) Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the 
holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other 
sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant 
place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” in the applicable 
Final Terms and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such currency or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and the Coupons 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by a Relevant 
Jurisdiction, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and Couponholders of such amounts as would 
have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of such holder having 
some connection with the Relevant Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of the Note or 
Coupon or 
(b) 
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more 
than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of it would have been 
entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth day.  
As used in these Conditions,

--- Page 95 ---
95 
“Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on which payment in respect of it first 
becomes due or (if the full amount of the money payable has not been duly paid on or prior to such due date) 
the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that 
on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note (or relative 
Certificate) or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment in full will be made, 
provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation; and  
“Relevant Jurisdiction” means the Kingdom of Norway or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax, or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax to which the Issuer becomes subject in respect of payments made by it on the Notes. 
References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect 
of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Change 
of Control Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include 
all Interest Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of interest payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any 
amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional 
amounts that may be payable under this Condition or any similar undertaking given in addition to or in 
substitution for it. 
9 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which, for this purpose, shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or 
five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10 Events of Default 
The following events or circumstances (each an “Event of Default”) shall be events of default in relation to the 
Notes: 
(a) 
Non-Payment: the Issuer defaults in the payment of any principal of or interest or other amount 
on any of the Notes when due and such default continues for five business days in the case of 
principal and ten business days in the case of interest (each as defined in Condition 7(i)); or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer does not comply with, or defaults in the due 
performance or observance of, any of its obligations under the Notes (other than, in the case of 
Sustainability-Linked Notes only, the obligations set out in Condition 16 (Sustainability 
Reporting)) and such failure to comply continues unremedied for 30 days after notice of such 
non-compliance or default shall have been given to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office by any 
Noteholder; or 
(c) 
Cross Acceleration: any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Principal Subsidiary has been 
duly declared due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default 
(however described), after any applicable grace periods (however described), provided that no 
Event of Default will occur under this Condition 10(c) if:  
(i) 
such claims are being legitimately contested by the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary; or 
(ii) 
the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness is less than U.S.$100,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency or currencies on the basis of the middle spot rate for the

--- Page 96 ---
96 
relevant currency against the U.S. dollar as quoted by any leading bank on the day on which 
this Condition 10(c) operates).  
(d) 
Insolvency and cessation of business: except as provided below, any of the following occurs 
in respect of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries  
(i) 
it stops payment or becomes Insolvent;  
(ii) 
it admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they fall due; 
(iii) 
by reason of actual financial difficulties, it suspends making payments on any class of its 
indebtedness; 
(iv) 
a moratorium is duly declared in respect of all or any class of its indebtedness; 
(v) 
any liquidator, trustee in bankruptcy, judicial custodian, compulsory manager, receiver, 
administrative receiver or similar officer is duly appointed in respect of it (including, 
without limitation, a “gjeldsforhandling” under the Norwegian Bankruptcy Act of 8 June 
1984 and/or a "rekonstruksjon" under the Norwegian Reconstruction Act of 2020 of 7 May, 
2020 (as amended));  
(vi) 
an order is duly made by a competent court or authority, or a resolution is duly passed by 
it, its shareholders or directors for its winding-up, administration or dissolution; or 
(vii) 
it shall cease or threaten to cease to carry on its business, otherwise than: 
(aa) 
pursuant to a sale, transfer or disposal to the Issuer or another Subsidiary; or 
(bb) 
in connection with or in pursuance of a winding up for the purpose of a 
reconstruction or amalgamation previously approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders; or 
(cc) 
in the case only of a Principal Subsidiary, by way of voluntary winding up where 
the surplus assets attributable to the Issuer or any Subsidiaries are distributed to 
the Issuer or those Subsidiaries, 
provided that no Event of Default will occur under this Condition 10(d) in respect of any frivolous or 
vexatious proceedings presented by a creditor or other third party which is being contested in good faith 
and with due diligence.  
For the purpose of this Condition,  
“Insolvent” means the condition where a person is unable to pay its debts as they fall due and the debts 
of that person are greater than its aggregate property at fair value; and 
“Principal Subsidiary” means any (directly or indirectly) wholly owned Subsidiary the gross assets of 
which represent more than ten per cent. of the consolidated gross assets of the Issuer and the Subsidiaries 
(taken as a whole) as determined from the latest consolidated financial report (quarterly unaudited 
financial report or audited consolidated balance sheet and profit and loss account, as applicable). Any 
such quarterly unaudited financial reports shall be prepared on the basis of the accounting principles 
essentially consistent with the principles applied in relation to the most recent annual audited 
consolidated accounts of the Issuer. 
No Event of Default shall occur if any applicable Sustainability-Linked Note Condition is not met, nor 
will the Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem such Notes, as a result of the occurrence of a Step 
Up Event.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
If any Event of Default shall occur in relation to any Series of Notes, other than VPS Notes, then any 
such Note may, by notice in writing to the Issuer by the holder, be declared immediately due and payable 
whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable without further formality at its Early 
Redemption Amount (determined in accordance with Condition 6(b) (Early Redemption) together (if 
applicable) with accrued interest (if any) to the date of payment and, in the case of Redemption Premium 
Notes, any applicable Redemption Premium Amount that has become payable pursuant to Condition 
5(k) but has not yet been paid.  
If an Event of Default shall occur in relation to any Series of VPS Notes, then any such VPS Note may, 
by notice in writing given to the Issuer by the holder, be declared immediately due and payable 
whereupon it shall become immediately (or on such later date on which the relevant VPS Notes have 
been transferred to the account designated by the VPS Paying Agent and blocked for further transfer by 
the VPS Paying Agent in accordance with the VPS Rules) due and payable without further formality at 
its Early Redemption Amount (determined in accordance with Condition 6(b) (Early Redemption) 
together (if applicable) with accrued interest (if any) to the date of payment and, in the case of 
Redemption Premium Notes, any applicable Redemption Premium Amount that has become payable 
pursuant to Condition 5(k) but has not yet been paid.   
11 Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings 
of Noteholders (including by way of conference call or by use of videoconference platform) to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions. 
Such a meeting will be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not 
less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum 
for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be one or more persons 
holding or representing a majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the business of such 
meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or 
redemption of the Notes or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, 
(ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the 
Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest, Step Up Margin or Redemption Premium 
Amount in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or 
amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) 
if a Minimum or a Maximum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, to reduce any such Minimum or Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, 
or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the 
Optional Redemption Amount, the Make-Whole Amount or the Change of Control Redemption 
Amount, including the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to vary the 
currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, or (vii) to modify the provisions 
concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass 
the Extraordinary Resolution, in which case the necessary quorum shall be one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than 75 per cent., or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 
per cent., in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the 
meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. The Agency Agreement 
provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per

--- Page 98 ---
98 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effective 
as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. 
Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same 
form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders.  
(b) 
Modification:  
The Fiscal Agent and Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, or Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or 
any failure to comply with the Agency Agreement which is not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer;  
(ii) 
any Benchmark Amendments; and/or 
(iii) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency 
Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest 
error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law in each case in the reasonable 
opinion of the Issuer. 
Any such modification, waiver or authorisation shall be binding on the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and any such modification, waiver or authorisation shall be notified to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(c) 
Substitution: The Issuer, or any previous substituted company, may at any time, without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under 
the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons, any company (the “Substitute”), provided that no 
payment in respect of the Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant time overdue. The substitution 
shall be made by a deed poll (the “Deed Poll”), to be substantially in the form scheduled to the 
Agency Agreement as Schedule 9, and may take place only if (i) the Substitute shall, by means 
of the Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder and Couponholder against any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge that is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the 
jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute’s residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its 
incorporation with respect to any Note, Coupon, Talon or the Deed of Covenant and that would 
not have been so imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution, (ii) the 
obligations of the Substitute under the Deed Poll, the Notes, Coupons, Talons and Deed of 
Covenant shall be unconditionally guaranteed by the Issuer by means of the Deed Poll, (iii) all 
action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining of 
any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Notes, Coupons, Talons and Deed of 
Covenant represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute, and in 
the case of the Deed Poll of the Issuer, have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force 
and effect, (iv) the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement, with any 
appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it, (v) legal opinions 
addressed to the Noteholders shall have been delivered to them (care of the Fiscal Agent) from 
a lawyer or firm of lawyers with a leading securities practice in each jurisdiction referred to in 
(i) above and in England as to the fulfilment of the preceding conditions of this paragraph (iii) 
and the other matters specified in the Deed Poll and (vi) the Issuer shall have given at least 14 
days’ prior notice of such substitution to the Noteholders, stating that copies, or pending 
execution the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the substitution that are referred to 
above, or that might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, shall be 
available for inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. References in

--- Page 99 ---
99 
Condition 10 to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include obligations under the 
Deed Poll, and, where the Deed Poll contains a guarantee, the events listed in Condition 10 shall 
be deemed to include that guarantee not being (or being claimed by the guarantor not to be) in 
full force and effect. 
(d) 
VPS Notes: In relation to VPS Notes only, meetings of holders shall be held in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement and in compliance with the relevant regulations of the VPS. For the 
purposes of a meeting of holders, the person in whose name a VPS Note is registered in the VPS 
Register shall be treated as the holder. 
12 Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in 
the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to 
time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in 
each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms 
as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or 
destroyed Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for 
exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in 
respect of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued. 
13 Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further securities having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for 
the first payment of interest on them) and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single 
series with an outstanding Series. References in these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the context 
requires otherwise) any other securities issued pursuant to this Condition and forming a single series with the 
Notes.  
14 Notices 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Registered Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be mailed to 
them at their respective addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being 
a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing.  
Notices required to be given to the holders of Bearer Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be valid if published 
in a daily newspaper of general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times).  
Notices in respect of VPS Notes will be in writing, sent by first class mail or electronic mail, addressed to such 
holders at the address appearing in the VPS Register in accordance with the VPS Rules, and will be deemed to 
have been validly given on the fourth business day after the date of such mailing. 
So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading, notices required to be given to the holders of the 
Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall also be published (if such publication is required) in a manner which 
complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes 
are listed or admitted to trading.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than 
once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders 
of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the case 
of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global 
Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15 Provision of Information 
In relation to VPS Notes, each holder agrees and gives consent to the VPS to provide to the VPS Paying Agent, 
upon request, information registered with the VPS relating to the VPS Notes and the holders of the VPS Notes 
in order that the VPS Paying Agent may provide any relevant Norwegian authorities, including the Financial 
Supervisory Authority of Norway (Norwegian: Finanstilsynet) and the Norwegian tax authorities, with any 
information required under applicable Norwegian laws. 
Such information shall include, but not be limited to, the identity of the registered holder of the VPS Notes, the 
residency of the registered holder of the VPS Notes, the number of VPS Notes registered with the relevant 
holder, the address of the relevant holder, the account operator in respect of the relevant VPS account 
(Norwegian: Kontofører) and whether or not the VPS Notes are registered in the name of a nominee and the 
identity of any such nominee. 
16 Sustainability Reporting  
This Condition 16 only applies to Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
In respect of each financial year of the Group, beginning with the financial year in which the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Sustainability-Linked Notes falls, for so long as any such Sustainability-Linked 
Notes are outstanding the Issuer will publish (or keep available) on its website:  
(a) 
the 2018 GHG Emissions Baseline, the Total GHG Emissions Percentage and/or the Post-
Consumer Scrap Recycling Capacity as may be applicable and corresponding to the relevant 
Step Up Event(s) specified in the Final Terms for such Tranche of Sustainability-Linked 
Notes, in each case for the relevant financial year as indicated in the Group’s environment, 
social and governance report (the "Environment, Social and Governance Report", which 
may form part of the Group's annual report); 
(b) 
if applicable, the occurrence of any Recalculation Event and the amended 2018 GHG 
Emissions Baseline resulting from the occurrence of any such Recalculation Event, in each 
case as set out in the Environment, Social and Governance Report; and  
(c) 
an external sustainable development limited assurance report issued by the External Verifier 
(the “Assurance Report”) in respect of, among others, the applicable Total GHG Emissions 
Percentage and/or the Post-Consumer Scrap Recycling Capacity (and, if applicable, and 
obtained, the amended 2018 GHG Emissions Baseline) which may form part of the 
Environment, Social and Governance Report.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
The Environment, Social and Governance Report and the Assurance Report will be published concurrently 
with the publication of the independent auditor’s reports on the Group annual report and may form part of 
such annual report, provided that to the extent the Group reasonably determines that additional time is 
required to complete the Environment, Social and Governance Report and/or the Assurance Report, then 
the Environment, Social and Governance Report and the Assurance Report (as the case may be) may be 
published as soon as reasonably practicable, but in the case of the Environment, Social and Governance 
Report and the Assurance Report to be published for the relevant Reference Year in no event later than the 
Step Up Event Notification Deadline.  
Any failure by the Issuer to make the information referred to in this Condition 16 available in any 12 
month period shall not result in the occurrence of an Event of Default under these Conditions and it will 
give rise to the application of a Step Up Event only in the circumstances in which such failure results in 
the Reporting Condition not being satisfied and subject to Condition 5(k)(iv) (Reporting Reset Event). 
17 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999.  
18 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law except that Norwegian law will be applicable with 
regard to the registration of and title to such VPS Notes in the VPS. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise 
out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) 
may be brought in such courts. The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement irrevocably submitted 
to the jurisdiction of such courts and has waived any objection to Proceedings in any such courts 
whether on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an 
inconvenient forum. These submissions have been made for the benefit of each of the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders and shall not limit the right of any of them to take 
Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in 
one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether 
concurrently or not). 
(c) 
Service of Process: The Issuer irrevocably appoints Hydro Aluminium Deeside Limited of 
Bridge Road, Wrexham Industrial Estate, Wrexham, Clwyd, LL13 9PS, United Kingdom as its 
agent in England to receive service of process in any Proceedings in England based on any of 
the Notes or the Coupons. If for any reason the Issuer does not have such an agent in England, 
it will promptly appoint a substitute process agent and notify the Noteholders of such 
appointment. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted 
by law.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes or the Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form 
or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), the Global Notes or the Global Certificates will be delivered 
on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. Depositing the Global Notes or 
the Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS may be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary.  
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with the Common Depositary or 
registration of Registered Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
delivery of the relative Global Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it 
has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate 
amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such 
clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note 
and a statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant clearing system at that time. Global Notes may also be deposited initially with other clearing systems 
which must be outside the United States and its possessions.  
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary or delivered to the Common Safekeeper may 
also be credited to the accounts of subscribers with (if indicated in the applicable Final Terms) other clearing 
systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other 
clearing systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly 
be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems.  
Clearing System Accountholders  
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
permitted clearing system (“Alternative Clearing System”) as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or 
a Global Certificate (each an “Accountholder”) must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each payment 
made by the Issuer to the holder of such Global Note or Global Certificate and in relation to all other rights 
arising under such Global Note or Global Certificate. The extent to which, and the manner in which, 
Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note or Global Certificate will be determined 
by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing 
System (as the case may be). For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global 
Certificate, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the 
Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Note or 
Global Certificate.  
Exchange  
(a). 
Temporary Global Notes: Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to 
the holder, on or after its Exchange Date:

--- Page 103 ---
103 
i. 
if the applicable Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with 
the TEFRA C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, 
see “Overview of the Programme – Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for 
the Definitive Notes defined and described below; and  
ii. 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in 
the form set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a Permanent Global Note or, if 
so provided in the applicable Final Terms, for Definitive Notes.  
(b). 
Permanent Global Notes: Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to 
the holder, on or after its Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph (d) 
below, in part for Definitive Notes:  
i. 
if the Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for 
a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or  
ii. 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice to 
the Fiscal Agent of its election for such exchange.  
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be 
issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding 
and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one 
or more Specified Denominations.  
(c). 
Global Certificates: If the Final Terms states that the Notes in registered form are to be 
represented by a Global Note on issue, the following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes 
held in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System. These 
provisions will not prevent the trading of interests in the Notes within a clearing system whilst they 
are held on behalf of such clearing system, but will limit the circumstances in which the Notes may 
be withdrawn from the relevant clearing system.  
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Note pursuant to Condition 2(b) may only be 
made in part:  
i. 
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or does in fact do so; or  
ii. 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due; or  
iii. 
with the consent of the Issuer,  
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph (c)(i) or 
(c)(ii) above, the Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its 
specified office of the Registered Holder’s intention to effect such transfer.  
(d). 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes: For so long as a Permanent Global Note is held 
on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that clearing system permit, such Permanent Global 
Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more occasions for Definitive Notes if principal in 
respect of any Notes is not paid when due.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
(e). 
Delivery of Notes: If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder 
of a Global Note may surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it 
for endorsement to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part 
thereof to be exchanged, the Issuer will (i) in the case of a Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a Permanent Global Note in an 
aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a Temporary Global Note that 
is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement 
of, a Permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal 
amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes. If the Global Note is a NGN or if the 
Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer will procure that details of such exchange be 
entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system. In this Prospectus, “Definitive 
Notes” means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes for which such Global 
Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest 
that have not already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be security 
printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially 
in the form set out in the Schedules to the Agency Agreement. On exchange in full of each 
Permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and 
returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes.  
(f). 
Exchange Date: “Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Note, the day falling 
after the expiry of 40 days after its issue date and, in relation to a Permanent Global Note, a day 
falling not less than 60 days, or in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when 
due 30 days, after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are 
open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located and in the 
city in which the relevant clearing system is located.  
Conditions applicable to Global Notes  
 
Each Global Note and Global Certificate will contain provisions which modify the Conditions as they apply to 
the Global Note or Global Certificate. The following is an overview of certain of those provisions:  
 
(a) 
Payments: No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Temporary 
Global Note unless exchange for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes 
is improperly withheld or refused. Payments on any Temporary Global Note issued in 
compliance with the TEFRA D Rules before the Exchange Date will only be made against 
presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Agency 
Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note will be made against 
presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, 
surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent 
as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a 
record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement will 
be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. If the Global 
Note is a NGN or if the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that 
details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing 
system and in the case of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in 
the records of the relevant clearing system and represented by the Global Note or the Global 
Certificate will be reduced accordingly. Payments under a Global Note will be made to its holder. 
Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to

--- Page 105 ---
105 
make the entries in the records of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. 
For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of 
presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of “business day” set out in Condition 7(i) 
(Non-Business Days).  
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the order 
of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the record date which 
shall be on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where 
“Clearing System Business Day” means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 December and 1 
January.  
So long as the Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate and the Global Note or 
Global Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing system, the Issuer has undertaken, inter alia, to pay 
interest in respect of such Notes from the Interest Commencement Date in arrear at the rates, on the 
dates for payment, and in accordance with the method of calculation provided for in the Conditions, 
save that the calculation is made in respect of the total aggregate amount of the Notes represented by 
the Global Note or Global Certificate.  
(b) 
Prescription: Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note will become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in 
the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date 
(as defined in Condition 8).  
(c) 
Meetings: The holder of a Permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect 
of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. (All holders of Registered 
Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency 
of the Notes comprising such Noteholder’s holding, whether or not represented by a Global 
Certificate.)  
(d) 
Cancellation: Cancellation of any Note represented by a Permanent Global Note that is required 
by the Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction 
in the nominal amount of the relevant Permanent Global Note.  
(e) 
Purchase: Notes represented by a Permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer 
or any of its subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future 
payments of interest thereon.  
(f) 
Issuer’s Option: Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while 
such Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving 
notice to the Noteholders within the time limits set out in and containing the information required 
by the Conditions, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of 
Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes 
shall be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised in respect of some but 
not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect 
of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either 
a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion or any other Alternative 
Clearing System, as the case may be).  
(g) 
Noteholders’ Options: Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any 
Notes while such Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note may be exercised by the 
holder of the Permanent Global Note giving notice to the Fiscal Agent within the time limits

--- Page 106 ---
106 
relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the 
form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, except that the notice shall not be required 
to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which the option has been exercised, and 
stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and at the same 
time, where the Permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the Permanent Global Note to the 
Fiscal Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Fiscal Agent, for notation. Where the 
Global Note is a NGN or where the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall 
procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant 
clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be reduced 
accordingly.  
(h) 
NGN nominal amount: Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any 
exchange, payment, cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case 
may be, in addition to the circumstances set out above shall be entered in the records of the 
relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry being made, in respect of payments of 
principal, the nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted 
accordingly.  
(i) 
Events of Default: Each Global Note provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or 
a portion of it, to become due and repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 10 by 
stating in the notice to the Fiscal Agent the nominal amount of such Global Note that is becoming 
due and repayable. If principal in respect of any Note is not paid when due, the holder of a Global 
Note or Registered Notes represented by a Global Certificate may elect for direct enforcement 
rights against the Issuer under the terms of a Deed of Covenant executed as a deed by the Issuer 
on or around 7 November 2022 (as amended or supplemented from time to time) to come into 
effect in relation to the whole or a part of such Global Note or one or more Registered Notes in 
favour of the persons entitled to such part of such Global Note or such Registered Notes, as the 
case may be, as accountholders with a clearing system. Following any such acquisition of direct 
rights, the Global Note or, as the case may be, the Global Certificate and the corresponding entry 
in the register kept by the Registrar will become void as to the specified portion or Registered 
Notes, as the case may be. However, no such election may be made in respect of Notes 
represented by a Global Certificate unless the transfer of the whole or a part of the holding of 
Notes represented by that Global Certificate shall have been improperly withheld or refused.   
(j) 
Notices: So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held 
on behalf of a clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled 
accountholders in substitution for publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the 
relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note.  
(k) 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution: While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or 
any Global Certificate is registered in the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, then:  
(i) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing 
system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of 
the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding 
(an “Electronic Consent” as defined in the Agency Agreement) shall, for all purposes 
(including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be 
passed at a meeting for which enhanced quorum requirements were satisfied), take 
effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly

--- Page 107 ---
107 
convened and held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons 
and Talons whether or not they participated in such Electronic Consent; and  
(ii) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether 
a Written Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, 
the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly 
to the Issuer by (a) accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such 
Global Note or Global Certificate and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such 
entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction 
by the person identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement 
is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or 
instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document 
issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Alternative 
Clearing System (the “relevant clearing system”) and, in the case of (b) above, the 
relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the relevant clearing 
system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be 
binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or 
instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any such 
certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out of 
electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s 
EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with 
its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular nominal amount of 
the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer 
shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having 
rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any 
such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic  
Clearing systems 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless (i) otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or (ii) the relevant Final Terms specifies the relevant 
Tranche of Notes as being “Green Notes", the net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, any Sustainability-Linked Notes) will be applied by the Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes, including, without limitation, the refinancing of outstanding indebtedness. If, in respect of 
any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final 
Terms 
Green Notes  
If the applicable Final Terms specify that a Series of Notes are “Green Notes” then the Issuer will use an amount 
equal to the net proceeds of the issuance of the Notes to fund eligible projects and activities that are in keeping 
with the Green and Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework (which may be amended from time to time at 
the sole discretion of the Group) ("Green Projects").   
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Green and Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework is available on the 
following 
webpage: 
https://www.hydro.com/Document/Doc/Green%20and%20Sustainability-
Linked%20Financing%20Framework.pdf?docId=584561. 
Investors in such Notes should have regard to the risk factor described in the section headed "In respect of any 
Notes issued as Green Notes, there can be no assurance that the use of an amount equal to such proceeds will 
be suitable for the investment criteria of investors". 
Within the Green and Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, the Group has set out its intention to track 
the allocation of such proceeds via its internal information systems, and report annually on the allocation and 
impact of the proceeds of Green Notes until full allocation of such proceeds. The Group also intends to request 
an independent external party to review the allocation of such proceeds annually until full allocation of such 
proceeds.  
In connection with its Green and Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, the Group appointed CICERO 
Shades of Green, a provider of environmental, social and governance research and analysis, to evaluate the 
Green and Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework and the alignment thereof with relevant market 
standards, including confirming the alignment of the Framework with the International Capital Market 
Association's Green Bond Principles, and to provide its views on how impactful and credible the Framework is 
as part of a Second Party Opinion. As at the date of this Prospectus, the Second Party Opinion (which is dated 
18 
July 
2022) 
is 
available 
on 
the 
following 
webpage: 
https://www.hydro.com/Document/Doc/CICERO%20Green_Hydro_SPO.pdf?docId=584562. 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Green and Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework, the Second 
Party Opinion, any progress reports, any pre-issuance verification reports, any post-issuance limited assurance 
statements or any related opinions are, nor shall they be deemed to be, incorporated in, and/or form part of, this 
Prospectus.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
TAXATION 
The Kingdom of Norway 
The following summary of Norwegian tax considerations is based on Norwegian law and practice as at the date 
of this Prospectus, which is subject to changes that could prospectively or retrospectively modify or adversely 
affect the stated tax consequence. The summary is of a general nature and does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all relevant tax considerations. It does not address taxation in any jurisdiction 
other than the Kingdom of Norway, and prospective investors should consult their own professional advisers as 
to their respective tax positions. 
In general, payments made by the Issuer under the Notes to persons resident in the Kingdom of Norway are 
taxable as ordinary income at a rate of 22 per cent. as of 2022. Losses are deductible from the ordinary income. 
The taxable gain or loss is calculated per Note as the difference between the consideration received and the cost 
price of the security, including any costs incurred upon acquisition or redemption of the security. The exact tax 
consequence from a sale or redemption of the Notes will depend, however, on whether the holder is an 
individual resident or a corporate entity. 
Payments made by the Issuer under the Notes to persons who are not Norwegian residents for tax purposes 
(“non-residents”), other than as described below regarding interest payments to related enterprises resident 
within low-tax jurisdictions, whether in respect of principal, interest or other amounts on the Notes, are not 
subject to any tax imposed by the Kingdom of Norway, save for payments attributable to such person’s branch, 
permanent establishment or operation in the Kingdom of Norway that may be subject to tax imposed by the 
Kingdom of Norway. In the event that any withholding tax is subsequently imposed with respect to any such 
payment, the Issuer will (subject to certain exceptions and limitations) pay such additional amounts under the 
Notes as will result (after deduction of said withholding tax) in the payment of the amounts which would 
otherwise have been payable in respect of such Notes had there been no such withholding tax. Moreover, the 
Notes are subject to redemption at the option of the Issuer, in whole but not in part, at any time, at their principal 
amount together with accrued interest, in the event of certain changes affecting taxes in the Relevant 
Jurisdiction. 
In addition, no income, capital gains, transfer or similar tax is currently imposed by the Kingdom of Norway 
on a non-resident’s sale, redemption or other disposition of Notes, except for withholding tax as described 
below regarding interest payments to related enterprises resident within low-tax jurisdictions or payments 
attributable to a non-resident’s branch, permanent establishment or operation in the Kingdom of Norway that 
may be subject to tax imposed by the Kingdom of Norway. 
Withholding Tax / Redemption for Tax Reasons 
Norway applies a withholding tax of 15 per cent. (unless a lower rate is provided in an applicable tax treaty) on 
interest payments made to related enterprises resident within low-tax jurisdictions, outside the EEA. For 
recipients that are related enterprises and a tax resident of low-tax jurisdiction within the EEA, the withholding 
tax is not applicable if the recipient fulfil certain substance requirements (i.e. the recipient must be genuinely 
established and perform genuine economic activities). The substance requirement is based on the European 
Court of Justice’s decision in the Cadbury Schweppes case.5 The withholding tax only applies to interest 
payments made to related enterprises. A related party may be (a) a company or entity that, directly or indirectly, 
is at least 50 per cent. owned or controlled, by the Issuer, (b) a company or entity that, directly or indirectly, 
owns or controls at least 50 per cent. of the Issuer, or (c) a company or entity that, directly or indirectly, is at 
                                                          
5 Case C-196/04 Cadbury Schweppes plc and Cadbury Schweppes Overseas Ltd vs. Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
least 50 per cent. owned or controlled by a company that, directly or indirectly, owns or controls at least 50 per 
cent. of the Issuer. 
Applicable withholding tax may require the Issuer to gross up payments in accordance with Condition 7 
(Taxation). Such withholding tax may, however, pursuant to Condition 5(b) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) 
also entitle the Issuer to redeem the Notes at their principal amount (together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the date fixed for redemption).  
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of 
jurisdictions (including the Kingdom of Norway) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way 
in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign 
financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, proposed regulations have been issued that provide that such withholding would not apply 
prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments 
are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury 
Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until the issuance of final 
regulations. Moreover, Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have 
a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date 
on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register 
generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such 
date (including by reason of a substitution of the issuer). However, if additional notes (as described under 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes 
of the same Series are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding 
under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes of the relevant Series, including Notes issued on the 
Issue Date prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders 
should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated on or around 7 November 
2022 (as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, 
the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the 
Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers 
that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, 
at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer 
through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued 
in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses properly incurred in connection 
with the establishment and maintenance of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in 
connection with the Programme. The commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be 
stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions  
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, as amended and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or 
(in the case of Bearer Notes) delivered and will not offer, sell or (in the case of Bearer Notes) deliver the Notes 
(i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of 
the offering and the closing date, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, 
and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S.  
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by a dealer that is not participating in the offering may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
Canada 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that the Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as 
principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 
73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made 
in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable 
securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if the Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided 
that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the 
securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions 
of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a 
legal advisor. 
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-
Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers 
are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest 
in connection with an offering. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this 
provision the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this 
provision the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Other regulatory restrictions in the UK 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:  
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Dealer Agreement will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(i) 
the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
Federal Financial Services Act of 15 June 2018 (as amended) (the "FinSA") and will not be admitted to 
trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) 
in Switzerland; 
(ii) 
neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the 
Notes (i) constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA or (ii) has been or 
will be filed with or approved by the Swiss Review Body (or any other review body pursuant to article 
52 of the FinSA); and 
(iii) 
neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause 
the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus or any other document or material in connection 
with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to 
any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant 
to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with

--- Page 114 ---
114 
the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of 
Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the 
SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).  
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer 
or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any 
person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to 
others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change 
in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this 
Prospectus.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering 
of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final 
Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it shall, to the best of its knowledge and belief in all material respects, comply with 
all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms in 
all cases at its own expense.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of non-
applicable provisions, is set out below: 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the [European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018]/[EUWA] (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)][distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its

--- Page 117 ---
117 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time) (the “SFA”) and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer 
has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the 
Notes are [prescribed capital markets products] / [capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [Excluded] / [Specified] Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products.] 
Final Terms dated [●]6 
Norsk Hydro ASA 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300N1SDN71ZZ8BO45  
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
 
under the EUR 5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Prospectus dated [7 November 2022] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus (the “Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Prospectus has been published on [[the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as 
Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) at https://live.euronext.com/] [and] the [Issuer’s website at 
[https://hydro.com ]].] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which are incorporated 
by reference in the Prospectus dated [current date]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be 
read in conjunction with the Prospectus dated [current date] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]], which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the [Prospectus Regulation] (the “[Base] 
Prospectus”) in order to obtain all the relevant information, save in respect of the Conditions which are 
extracted from the Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] The [Base] 
Prospectus has been published on [[the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin 
(“Euronext Dublin”) at https://live.euronext.com/] [and] the [Issuer’s website at [https://hydro.com]].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the 
                                                          
6 [Note]: For any unlisted or Prospectus Regulation exempt issuances all Prospectus Regulated related language will be removed.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.]  
 
1 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes become 
fungible:  
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [insert description of the Series] on [insert 
date/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 23 below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [insert date]]].] 
2 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
[(i)] Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) Tranche: 
[●]] 
4 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] [[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No notes 
in definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above [€199,000]] 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent in another currency)) 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount:  
[●] 
[If there is more than one Specified Denomination, insert 
the 
highest 
common 
factor 
of 
those 
Specified 
Denominations (note: there must be a common factor of 
two or more Specified Denominations)] 
6 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7 
Maturity Date: 
[●]/[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [●]] 
8 
Interest Basis:  
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate][, subject to the Sustainability-
Linked Notes provisions below]] 
[[●] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] +/– [●] per 
cent. Floating Rate][, subject to the Sustainability-Linked 
Notes provisions below]] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(See paragraph [13/14/15] below) 
9 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [[●]/[100]] per cent. of their nominal amount.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
10 
Change of Interest Basis:   
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (but excluding) [date], 
paragraph [13/14] applies, and for the period from (and 
including) [date] up to (and including) the Maturity Date, 
paragraph [13/14] applies]/[Not Applicable]. 
11 
Put/Call Options:  
 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call] 
[Clean-up Call] 
[Not Applicable] 
See paragraph [16/17/18/19/20] below)] 
12 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] 
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes)]  
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date[, subject to the Sustainability-Linked Notes 
provisions below] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year commencing on [●], up to and including 
the Maturity Date  
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] per Calculation Amount[, subject to 
the Sustainability-Linked Notes provisions below] 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s):  
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] in respect of the period 
from and including [●] to but excluding [●][, subject to 
the Sustainability-Linked Notes provisions below]]/[/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360 (ISDA) / Actual/Actual-ICMA ] 
 
(vi) [Determination Dates:  
[●] 
in 
each 
year/[Not 
Applicable]
(insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))]

--- Page 120 ---
120 
14 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s):  
[[●] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment Dates:  
[[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]  
 
(iii) Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable]/ [[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Business Day Convention set out 
in (v) below/, not subject to any adjustment[, as the 
Business Day Convention in (v) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable]]  
 
(iv) First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(v) Business Day Convention:  
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(viii)  Calculation Agent (being the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and/or Interest Amount(s)): 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(ix) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[[●]month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/[●]]] 
 
         – Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London]/[Oslo]/[Stockholm]/[●] 
 
– Specified Time:  
[●] in the Relevant Financial Centre

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
– Interest Determination Date(s):  
[If EURIBOR insert: The second day on which the 
TARGET System is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period]  
[If NIBOR insert: The second Oslo business day prior to 
the start of each Interest Period] 
[If STIBOR insert: The second Stockholm business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
[●] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(x) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
– ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
– Floating Rate Option:  
[[●]/EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA Definitions 
apply)/EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA Definitions 
apply)/EUR-EuroSTR/EUR-EuroSTR 
Compounded 
Index/GBP-SONIA/GBP-SONIA 
Compounded 
Index/USD-SOFR/USD-SOFR Compounded Index] 
 
– Designated Maturity:  
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate)  
 
– Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
– Compounding:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
[– Compounding Method:  
 
[Compounding with Lookback  
- 
Lookback: [●] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
- 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
- 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
- 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
- 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
– Index Provisions:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph)

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
[– Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(xi)  [Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)]] 
 
(xii) Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum[, subject to the Sustainability-
Linked Notes provisions below] 
 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum][, subject to the Sustainability-
Linked Notes provisions below] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum][, subject to the Sustainability-
Linked Notes provisions below] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360 (ISDA) / Actual/Actual-ICMA / include any 
other option from the Conditions] 
15 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360 (ISDA) / Actual/Actual-ICMA ] [Include any 
other option from the Conditions]] 
16 
Sustainability-Linked Notes:  
[Sustainability-Linked Notes (Step Up Option)] / 
[Sustainability-Linked Notes (Redemption Premium 
Option)] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Step Up Event(s): 
[Total GHG Emissions Event][and][Post-Consumer Scrap 
Recycling Capacity Event] 
 
(i) 
Total GHG Emissions Event: 
[Total 
GHG 
Emissions 
Condition 
applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
–  Step Up Margin:  
[●] per cent. per annum] [specify more than one margin if 
more than one reference year]  / [Not Applicable] 
 
– Redemption Premium Amount: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
– Redemption Premium Payment 
Date(s): 
[Maturity Date]/ [●] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
– Total GHG Emissions Reference 
Year(s) and Total GHG Emissions 
Threshold Percentage(s):  
[●] and [●] per cent. 
 
– 2018 Total GHG Emissions 
 
Baseline: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
–  Reporting Reset Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– Condition Satisfaction Reset  
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) Post-Consumer 
Scrap 
Recycling 
Capacity Event: 
[Post-Consumer Scrap Recycling Capacity Condition 
applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– Step Up Margin:  
[●] per cent. per annum] [specify more than one margin if 
more than one reference year] / [Not Applicable] 
 
– Redemption Premium Amount: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
– Redemption Premium Payment 
Date: 
[Maturity Date]/ [●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
– Post-Consumer Scrap Recycling 
Capacity Reference Year and Post- 
Consumer Scrap Recycling Capacity 
Amount: 
[●] and [●] tonnes  
 
–  Reporting Reset Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– Condition Satisfaction Reset 
Event:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[[●] 
per 
Calculation Amount 
/ 
Condition 
6(b) 
applies/Make-Whole Amount] 
 
 
(If Make-whole Amount is selected, include items (A) to 
(F) below) 
 
[(A) 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond]] 
 
[(B) 
Quotation Time: 
[●]] 
 
[(C) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[●] per cent.]] 
 
[(D) 
Determination Date:  
[●]] 
 
[(E) 
Discount Basis:  
[Annual/Semi-annual]]  
 
[(F) Make-Whole Reference Date: 
[Maturity Date/Par Call Period Commencement Date/[●]] 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
(iv) Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days 
18 
Issuer Maturity Par Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions):  
Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days 
(ii) Par Call Period Commencement Date: 
[●] 
(iii) If redeemable in part:  
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount:  
 
[●] per Calculation Amount  
[●] per Calculation Amount 
19 
Clean-up Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days 
(ii) Clean-Up Price:  
[●] 
20 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount / Condition 6(b) applies] 
 
(iii) Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days 
21 
Change of Control Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Change 
of 
Control 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
22 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[Par] / [●] per Calculation Amount 
23 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or other early redemption: 
[Par] / [●] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
in the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
Registered Notes: 
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
 
 
VPS Notes: 
The Notes are VPS Notes in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form 
25 
New Global Note/held under New 
Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes] [No] 
26 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of calculating the amount 
of interest, to which sub-paragraph 14(vi) relates] 
27 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[No/Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to 
be made.] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source).7  The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Norsk Hydro ASA: 
 
 
By:  ............................................... 
 Duly authorised 
                                                          
7 Note to draft.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading:  
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes [to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin/ /to be admitted 
to listing and trading on the regulated market of the Oslo Stock 
Exchange] with effect from [on or about the Issue Date] with effect 
from [●].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original 
Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) Estimate of total 
expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2 
 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings:  
[[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated]/[The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]]: 
 
 
[S & P: [●]] 
 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[Need to include (i) a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has previously been published by the rating provider; and (ii) 
disclosure of the status of registration of the relevant rating agency 
under the CRA Regulation and the UK CRA Regulation] 
 
 
 
3 
 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the statement below:) 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4 
 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
Green Notes  
[Yes]/[No]

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
Reasons for the offer:  
[●] 
[See [“Use of Proceeds”] in Prospectus/Give details] 
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in Prospectus – if reasons 
for offer different from what is disclosed in the Prospectus, give 
details here.) 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5 
 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield. ] 
6 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
FISN:  
[See the website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available]  
 
CFI Code: 
[See the website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not Available] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying 
Agent(s)/VPS Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●]  
 
[Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)] [include this text 
for registered notes] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]/

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date of these 
Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended 
in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper) [include this text for registered 
notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
 
Clearing system(s) [and 
identification 
number, if applicable]:  
[Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]  
[VPS, the Norwegian Central Securities Depository (VPS 
identification number:[•])] 
[●] 
 
 
 
7 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) Names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name 
of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) U.S. Selling 
Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; 
TEFRA C Rules/ TEFRA D Rules/ TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 129 ---
129 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
The listing of the Notes on the Official List will be expressed as a percentage of their nominal amount 
(exclusive of accrued interest). It is expected that each Tranche of the Notes which is to be admitted to 
the Official List and to trading on the Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject 
only to the issue of a temporary or permanent Global Note (or one or more Certificates) in respect of 
each Tranche. The listing of the Programme in respect of the Notes is expected to be granted on or before 
7 November 2022. Transactions will normally be effected for delivery on the third working day after the 
day of the transaction. However, unlisted Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as a base prospectus. Application has 
been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on the Market. The Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such 
other or further stock exchange(s) or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
(2) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the Kingdom of Norway 
in connection with the establishment of the Programme. The establishment of the Programme was 
authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer passed on 21 September 2022. 
(3) 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Group 
since 30 September 2022 and no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or of the Group 
since 31 December 2021.  
(4) 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries is nor has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Prospectus which may have or has had 
in the recent past significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group.  
(5) 
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year and where the TEFRA D Rules are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, and any Coupon and Talon relating to such Note, will bear the following 
legend: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the 
United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code”. 
(6) 
Notes other than VPS Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg systems (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number 
for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.  
VPS Notes will be issued by the Issuer with DNB Bank ASA as VPS Paying Agent and will be registered 
in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form with the VPS in accordance with the Norwegian 
Central Securities Depository Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6, as amended from time to time. The 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) for the VPS Notes will be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
The address of DNB Bank ASA, acting as VPS Paying Agent, is Dronning Eufemias gate 30 0191, Oslo, 
Norway and the address of VPS is Tollbugata 2, 0152, Oslo, Norway. 
(7) 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, 
which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material 
to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued.  
(8) 
 The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Issuer is 549300N1SDN71ZZ8BO45. 
(9) 
The website of the Issuer is https://www.hydro.com. The information on https://www.hydro.com does 
not form part of this Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into 
this Prospectus. 
(10) 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to 
trading on the Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
(11) 
Where information in this Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
(12) 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the applicable 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does not intend to 
provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes.  
(13) 
For a period of 12 months following the publication of this Prospectus, the following documents will be 
available at https://www.hydro.com/en/investors/debt-investors/ :  
(i) 
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Bearer Notes, 
the Certificates, the Coupons and the Talons); 
(ii) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(iii) 
the published audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021; 
(iv) 
each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to unlisted Notes will only be available for 
inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must first produce evidence satisfactory to 
the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent as to its holding of the Notes and identity); and  
(v) 
a copy of this Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Prospectus. 
This Prospectus is, and the Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the Official List and admitted to 
trading on the Market will be, published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/. 
(14) 
For a period of 12 months following the publication of this Prospectus, the Articles of Association of the 
Issuer will be available at https://www.hydro.com/en/about-hydro/corporate-governance/articles-of-
association/.  
(15) 
Copies of the latest annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer and the latest interim 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer may be obtained, and copies of the Agency Agreement 
and the Deed of Covenant will be available for inspection, at https://www.hydro.com.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
(16) 
The Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2021 have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU and additional 
information requirements in accordance with the Norwegian Accounting Act. 
(17) 
The Issuer’s auditors are elected at the Issuer’s annual ordinary general meeting of shareholders for an 
annual term. Since 2010, KPMG AS (“KPMG”), Sørkedalsveien 6, 0369 Oslo, Norway has served as 
the Issuer’s independent auditors. The Issuer’s independent auditors are subject to supervision by the 
Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway. KPMG has audited the Issuer’s audited consolidated 
financial statements as of and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 and their 
reports thereon are incorporated by reference in this Prospectus.  
(18) 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer and/or its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, 
deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference 
obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its 
affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or 
other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and 
their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own 
account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates 
routinely hedge their credit exposures to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
(19) 
Except where such information has been incorporated by reference into this Prospectus, any website 
mentioned in this Prospectus or any website directly or indirectly linked to these websites have not been 
verified and do not form part of this Prospectus and investors should not rely on such information.  
(20) 
The language of this Prospectus is English.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Norsk Hydro ASA 
Drammensveien 264  
0283 Oslo 
Norway 
 
ARRANGER 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
DEALERS  
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris  
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Danske Bank A/S 
Holmens Kanal 2-12 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
N-0021 Oslo 
Norway 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court, 25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Finland 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Blasieholmstorg 11 
SE-106 70 Stockholm 
Sweden

--- Page 133 ---
133 
FISCAL AGENT 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom  
 
VPS PAYING AGENT 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
N-0021 Oslo 
Norway 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe Plc  
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Earlsfort Centre 
Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
 
KPMG AS 
Sørkedalsveien 6  
0369 Oslo 
Norway 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers  
as to English law 
To the Issuer as to English law
To the Issuer as to Norwegian law
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
Slaughter and May 
One Bunhill Row 
London EC1Y 8YY 
United Kingdom 
Advokatfirmaet Wiersholm AS 
Dokkveien 1 
0250 Oslo 
Norway