--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 17 May 2024 
This document contains a base prospectus (the "Prospectus") within the meaning set forth by Article 8(1) of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when 
securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, 
as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation").  
 
Nova Ljubljanska banka d.d., Ljubljana 
(incorporated as a joint stock company (delniška družba) in the Republic of Slovenia) 
EUR 2,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the EUR 2,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Prospectus (the "Programme"), 
Nova Ljubljanska banka d.d., Ljubljana ("NLB", the "Issuer" or the "Bank") may from time to time issue notes in bearer form 
(the "Notes"), including: (i) preferred senior eligible notes (the "Preferred Senior Notes"); (ii) non-preferred senior eligible 
notes (the "Non-Preferred Senior Notes" and together with the Preferred Senior Notes the "Eligible Notes"); and 
(iii)  subordinated Tier 2 notes (the "Subordinated Notes"). The aggregate principal amount of Notes issued under the 
Programme outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 2,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg (the "CSSF") in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg act 
relating to prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières 
et portant mise en oeuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129, the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"). The CSSF only approves this 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the 
subject of this Prospectus. Neither does the CSSF give any undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the 
operation or the quality or solvency of the Issuer pursuant to Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Prospectus has been prepared to admit Notes issued under the Programme to trading on a regulated market in accordance 
with Article 3(3) of the Prospectus Regulation and Notes will be placed with investors in reliance on exemptions for public 
offers provided in Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. Application has been made to list Notes issued under the 
Programme on the official list (the "Official List") of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit Notes to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated 
market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") (a "Regulated Market"). However, Notes may 
be listed on any other stock exchange or may be unlisted as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
This Prospectus and any supplement hereto will be published in electronic form together with all documents incorporated by 
reference on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.LuxSE.com) and on the website of the Issuer (www.nlb.si). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the content of the aforementioned websites does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities 
of the Issuer to fulfil its respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
The validity of this Prospectus ends upon expiration on 17 May 2025. There is no obligation to supplement this Prospectus in 
the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies when this Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Arranger 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Erste Group 
Nova Ljubljanska banka d.d., Ljubljana 
UniCredit

--- Page 2 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer, with its registered office in Ljubljana, Slovenia, accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in and incorporated by reference into this Prospectus and for the information which will be 
contained in any final terms and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in 
this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its 
import. 
NOTICE 
Other relevant information 
This Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any information 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of final terms, 
must be read and construed together with the relevant final terms (the "Final Terms"). 
Obligation of the Issuer with regard to a supplement 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to supplement this Prospectus or publish a new prospectus if 
and when the information herein should become materially inaccurate or incomplete, and has further agreed 
with the Dealers to furnish a supplement to this Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Prospectus, as applicable 
which is capable of affecting the assessment of an issue of Notes and which arises or is noted between the 
time when this Prospectus has been approved and the final closing of any tranche of Notes offered to the 
public or, as the case may be, when trading of any tranche of Notes on a Regulated Market begins, 
whichever occurs later, in respect of such Notes. 
Investors shall be aware that a supplement to this Prospectus may be published in accordance with 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Such a supplement will be published on the Issuer's website 
(www.nlb.si) and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.LuxSE.com). 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or 
made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer 
or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Prospectus or any responsibility for the acts 
or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue 
and offering of the Notes. Neither the delivery of this Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale 
or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained 
in this Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably 
likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the 
date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. None of the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer 
during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential 
investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers.

--- Page 3 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Prospectus, any supplement and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery 
of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes 
and on the distribution of this Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the 
Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not 
be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) 
except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
NEITHER THE PROGRAMME NOR THE NOTES HAVE BEEN APPROVED OR 
DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE "SEC"), 
ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAS ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED 
UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF ANY OFFERING OF NOTES OR THE ACCURACY 
OR ADEQUACY OF THIS PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS 
A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that 
any recipient of this Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each 
recipient of this Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and 
appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Each potential investor in Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained in this 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes and 
the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of the 
relevant underlying, if any; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as standalone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolio. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) to evaluate 
how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes, the 
likelihood of cancellation of payment of principal, payment of distributions or a write-down of the Notes 
and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. Each 
potential investor in the Notes should determine the suitability of such an investment in light of its own

--- Page 4 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
circumstances and have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including the possibility that the entire principal amount of the Notes could be lost. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE RULES 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (as amended, the "MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "Distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor 
subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE RULES 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any Distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended, "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA which were relied on immediately before exit day to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by

--- Page 5 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
virtue of the EUWA (as amended, the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION: STATEMENT ON REGISTRATION OF BENCHMARK 
ADMINISTRATOR 
Following any reset date, interest amounts payable on certain Notes issued under this Programme may be 
calculated by reference to the annual swap rate for swap transactions denominated in Euro with a specified 
term, which appears on the Reuters Screen Page ICESWAP2 and which is provided by ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited ("IBA"). As at the date of this Prospectus, IBA does not appear on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the "Benchmarks 
Regulation"). 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITITES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures 
Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 
309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"). 
The Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" 
in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a) 
and section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
NOTES ISSUED AS GREEN BONDS ("GREEN BONDS") 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention 
to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the issuance of those Notes to finance or re-finance 
assets and projects ("Eligible Green Loans") which aim to provide positive environmental impact. 
The Issuer has established a framework for such issuances (the "Green Bond Framework") which further 
specifies the eligibility criteria for such Eligible Green Loans based on the recommendations included in 
the voluntary process guidelines for issuing green bonds published by the International Capital Market 
Association ("ICMA") (the "ICMA Green Bond Principles"). Pursuant to the recommendation in the 
ICMA Green Bond Principles that external assurance is obtained to confirm alignment with the key features 
of the ICMA Green Bond Principles, at the request of the Issuer, the advisory and rating provider 
Sustainalytics has issued a second party opinion dated 5 May 2023 in relation to the Issuer's Green Bond 
Framework. Neither the Green Bond Framework nor any second party opinion is incorporated into or forms 
part of this Prospectus. None of the Arranger, the Dealers, any of their respective affiliates or any other 
person mentioned in this Prospectus makes any representation as to the suitability of such Notes to fulfil 
green criteria required by any prospective investors. The Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, 
nor are responsible for, any assessment of the Green Bond Framework or the Eligible Green Loans, any 
verification of whether any Eligible Green Loan meets the criteria set out in the Green Bond Framework or 
the monitoring of the use of proceeds. For more information, please see "Use of Proceeds". 
ESG RISK RATINGS 
ESG risk ratings may vary amongst ESG risk ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG 
risk ratings may differ. The Issuer's ESG risk ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future 
operating or financial performance, or any future ability to service the Notes and are only current as of the 
dates on which they were initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any such ESG risk ratings information contained in this Prospectus or elsewhere in making an 
investment decision. Furthermore, ESG risk ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by the 
Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold the Notes. Currently, the providers of such ESG risk ratings 
are not subject to any regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of 
ESG risk ratings. For more information regarding the evaluation methodologies used to determine ESG risk 
ratings, please refer to the relevant ratings agency's website (which website does not form a part of, nor is 
incorporated by reference in, this Prospectus).

--- Page 6 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
In this Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a Member 
State of the European Economic Area, references to "EUR" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the 
start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council 
Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended and to "$", "U.S.$" 
and "USD" are to U.S. dollar, the official currency of the United States of America. 
ROUNDING 
Certain figures included in this Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in 
certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.  
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. The words "anticipate", "believe", "expect", 
"plan", "intend", "targets", "aims", "estimate", "project", "will", "would", "may", "could", "continue" and 
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements other than 
statements of historical fact included in this Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the 
financial position, business strategy, management plans and objectives for future operations of the Issuer 
and its subsidiaries taken as a whole (the "NLB Group") are forward-looking statements. These forward-
looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the 
NLB Group's actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be materially different 
from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements 
are based on numerous assumptions regarding the NLB Group's present and future business strategies and 
the environment in which the Issuer expects to operate in the future. 
Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially include, 
but are not limited to, those discussed under "Risk Factors" and "Description of the Issuer and the NLB 
Group". Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Issuer speak only as at the date they 
are made. The Issuer does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in 
their expectations with regard thereto or any changes in events, conditions or circumstances on which any 
such statement is based. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The consolidated financial statements of the NLB Group, and the information presented herein, is prepared 
in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union 
("IFRS"). 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Prospectus contains certain alternative performance measures, as defined in the guidelines issued by 
ESMA concerning the presentation of alternative performance measures disclosed in regulated information 
and prospectuses, which are not recognized financial measures under IFRS or any other generally accepted 
accounting principles ("GAAP"). Please see further the Alternative Performance Indicators on pages 
162 to 180 of the NLB Group Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2023 incorporated by

--- Page 7 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
reference herein. These alternative performance measures ("Alternative Performance Measures") may 
not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. 
Such Alternative Performance Measures must be considered only in addition to, and not as a substitute for 
or superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS included elsewhere or incorporated 
by reference in this Prospectus. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these Alternative 
Performance Measures and are also advised to review them in conjunction with the consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer including the related notes thereto, incorporated by reference in this Prospectus.

--- Page 8 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 10 
ISSUE PROCEDURES .............................................................................................................................. 49 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 51 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................... 106 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 119 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE NLB GROUP ................................................................. 122 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 181 
DESCRIPTION OF RULES REGARDING RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS ...................................... 184 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 186 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 189 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................ 191

--- Page 9 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, as amended. 
General 
This Programme is for the issuance of Notes under which the Issuer may, from time to time, issue Notes in 
accordance with and subject to all applicable laws and regulations and denominated in any currency, subject 
as set out herein, to any one or more of: Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe 
SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Erste Group Bank AG, Nova Ljubljanska banka d.d., Ljubljana, 
UniCredit Bank GmbH and any new dealer appointed under the Programme (the "Dealers"). 
BNP Paribas acts as arranger in respect of the Programme (the "Arranger"). 
Citibank Europe plc acts as fiscal and paying agent (the "Fiscal Agent" and the "Paying Agent"). 
The following description is an abstract presentation of the possible structures through which Notes may 
be issued under the terms of this Prospectus and does not refer to a specific issue of Notes which will be 
issued under the terms of this Prospectus. 
Issue of Notes 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers. 
The Notes issued under this Prospectus will be issued as Notes with a fixed interest rate, Euro-denominated 
Notes with fixed to fixed resettable interest rate or USD-denominated Notes with fixed to fixed resettable 
interest rate. 
Notes will be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche"), each Tranche consisting of Notes which are identical 
in all respects. One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and 
are identical in all respects, but may have different issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices 
and dates for first interest payments, may form a series ("Series") of Notes. Further Notes may be issued 
as part of an existing Series. The specific terms of each Tranche will be determined at the time of offering 
of such Tranche based on then prevailing market conditions and will be set forth in the applicable Final 
Terms (the form of which is contained herein). 
Programme Amount 
The actual aggregate principal amount of all Notes issued and from time to time outstanding will not exceed 
EUR 2,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue). Notes will be issued in such 
denominations as may be agreed and specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that the minimum 
denomination of the Notes will be EUR 100,000 or, if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount in 
such other currency equal to or exceeding the equivalent of EUR 100,000. The Notes may be issued, either 
directly by the Issuer to the investors or to one or more of the Dealers which expression shall, where used 
in this Prospectus, include any additional Dealer(s) appointed under this Programme from time to time. 
Notes will be issued with a minimum maturity of twelve months or more. 
The Issuer will have the option at any time to increase the amount of the Programme, subject to the 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement (as defined under "Subscription and Sale") (including the preparation 
of a supplement to this Prospectus or a new prospectus) as the Dealers, the relevant competent authority or 
the relevant Stock Exchange may reasonably request. 
Distribution of Notes 
Notes are freely transferable in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant clearing system 
and may be offered to investors on a non-syndicated or a syndicated basis. The method of distribution of 
each Tranche will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. With respect to the categories of potential investors 
the Notes are not subject to any restrictions except for the selling restrictions mentioned in section 
"Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 10 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
Listing and Admission to Trading of Notes 
In relation to Notes intended to be listed and issued under this Programme, application has been made to 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to list such Notes on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to admit to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de 
Luxembourg). Application may be made additionally to any other or further stock exchange to admit such 
Notes to trading on any other or further Regulated Markets or other market segments of such other or further 
stock exchanges. In this Prospectus, references to "Listed Notes" (and all related references) shall mean, in 
relation to Notes issued under the Programme, that such Notes are listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or any other or further stock exchange, as the case may be. 
The Programme allows for Notes to be listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) or traded on other 
market segments (e.g. unregulated market (Freiverkehr)) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) or as determined by the Issuer. Notes not listed on any stock exchange may also be 
issued. 
The issue specific details applicable to the respective Notes are determined in the relevant Final Terms. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear Bank SA/NV (1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 Brussels, Belgium) ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (42, Avenue J. F. 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg) ("CBL") (or its legal successors as the case may be). 
Security Code 
The International Securities Identification Number ("ISIN") and Common Code (if any) for each Series of 
Notes or any other security code will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 11 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
This section describes specific risks regarding the Issuer and the NLB Group which are regarded by the 
Issuer to be material in respect of the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes and of which 
the Issuer is currently aware. 
The Issuer has assessed the materiality of risks based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected 
magnitude of the negative impact such occurrence may cause to the Issuer and the effect on the Issuer's 
ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. The Issuer has also taken into account in respect of such 
assessment the principles and outcomes of its internal capital adequacy assessment process. In addition, 
each of the Issuer related risks highlighted below could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes or 
the rights of investors under the Notes and, as a result, investors could lose some or all of their investment. 
Investors should consider the following specific and material risk factors and in addition all other 
information contained in or incorporated by reference into this Prospectus and consult their own 
professional advisers prior to any decision to purchase debt securities issued by the Issuer. 
Investors shall also be aware that there may be additional risks regarding the Issuer and the NLB Group 
which are not regarded to be material or of which the Issuer is currently not aware but which may 
nevertheless affect the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. It is also possible that risks 
described herein may combine and intensify one another. 
The risk factors are divided into the following categories depending on their nature: 
 1 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE NLB GROUP 
1.1 
Risks related to the macroeconomic environment 
1.2 
Risks relating to the credit risk 
1.3 
Risks relating to liquidity and market conditions 
1.4 
Risks relating to NLB Group operations 
1.5 
Legal risks 
1.6 
Regulatory risks 
 2 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
2.1 
Risks relating to all Notes 
2.2 
Risks relating to the regulatory classification of the Notes 
2.2.1 
Particular risks relating to the Eligible Notes 
2.2.2 
Particular risks relating to the Subordinated Notes 
2.3 
Risks relating to the nature of the Notes 
2.4 
Risks relating to the specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
2.5 
Other material risks relating to the Notes 
2.6 
Risks resulting from the Notes representing eligible liabilities or regulatory capital of the 
  
Issuer

--- Page 12 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE NLB GROUP 
1.1 
Risks related to the macroeconomic environment 
The NLB Group is subject to risks arising from the global macroeconomic environment 
The financial services industry generally prospers in conditions of economic growth, stable geopolitical 
conditions, transparent, liquid and buoyant capital markets and positive investor sentiment. During 
recessionary periods, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of customers may 
default on their loans and other obligations. Interest rate rises may also have a negative impact on the 
demand for mortgages and other loan products, and the ability of counterparties to repay such mortgage or 
loan obligations. The NLB Group is affected by general economic and geopolitical conditions, which can 
cause its financial condition and the results of its operations to fluctuate from year to year, as well as on a 
long-term basis. In addition, potential downward trends in the global macroeconomic environment could 
adversely affect economies in the region of South-Eastern Europe, which includes Bosnia and Herzegovina, 
Croatia, Kosovo, North Macedonia, Montenegro and Serbia ("SEE"), whose nascent economic recoveries 
have been assisted by export-oriented growth. The war in Ukraine and the related economic implications 
have emerged as additional downside risks to the global economy as well as economies of the region in 
which the NLB Group operates. The NLB Group is subject to risks arising from the macroeconomic and 
political environment in the SEE region where NLB Group operates, as well as risks arising from 
international environment, effects of which could spill-over to SEE countries. Besides Slovenia, any decline 
in the economic situation of the SEE countries could also materially affect the NLB Group's business (see 
"Risk Factors - Risks related to the environment in which the Issuer and the NLB Group operates" below). 
The macroeconomic environment is the major driver of risk to the NLB Group's earnings and financial 
stability, in particular, due to the potential effects on NLB Group's asset quality. Weaker macroeconomic 
conditions may lead to a decline in net interest margins, credit quality, and loan portfolio growth, as well 
as further corrections to prices of real estate and other property held as collateral for loans, which may lead 
to reduction of the value of collateral and continued large loan impairment charges. 
The war in Ukraine and recently emerged conflicts in Gaza and the Red Sea pose risks, with widespread 
economic implications resulting in renewed downside risks to global growth. Europe is exposed in this 
regard due to geographical proximity to such unstable areas and its dependence on the import of fossil fuels. 
Elevated uncertainty, energy supply disruptions, more widespread commodity shortages and new supply 
chain disruptions have weighed on economies. Disinflationary trend persisted for much of 2023, led by the 
deflationary effect of energy prices, while prices of food were the most resilient to losing steam, as those 
were the slowest to subside. Service prices on the other hand exhibited the most persistent growth. The 
emergence of new geopolitical conflicts added to inflationary pressures and played an important role in 
sustaining inflation at elevated levels and additionally reinforced already built-in post-COVID-19 pandemic 
inflationary pressures. As such, the overall economic situation was exacerbated as inflationary pressures 
intensified and become more widespread. Inflation could remain elevated for a longer period and be more 
persistent than expected due to secondary effects such as wage growth and subsequent higher and 
unanchored inflation expectations. Elevated inflation erodes households' purchasing power and it could, 
together with a squeeze on company profits, and deteriorated business and consumer confidence, weigh on 
economic growth which was, following the pandemic-induced crisis, expected to be predominantly driven 
by consumer spending.  
With regard to monetary policy, the European Central Bank ("ECB") and the U.S. Federal Reserve ("Fed") 
are maintaining a pause on the eventual start of interest rates reduction cycle in order to tame the inflation 
which became widespread as second-round effects stemming from energy inflation emerged, and in the 
second half of 2023 from wage growth. It is expected that both, the ECB, and the Fed will postpone the 
start of rates reduction in 2024, as inflation remains persistent and above their targets for an extended period. 
This will further restrict credit access and impact financial and monetary conditions, due to still increased 
market interest rates and borrowing costs. As the ECB and Fed already conducted monetary tightening 
exercises recently and drained liquidity from the markets, circumstances of geopolitical tensions, together 
with elevated prices and interest rates might increase the liquidity needs of economic agents. As by the 
ECB, if reserves were to become scarce, the ECB already has at its disposal sufficient lending tools to 
provide liquidity quickly and to steer short-term market rates.

--- Page 13 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
Volatility in credit, currency and equity markets globally may result in uncertainty that could affect all 
banks, including the NLB Group. Market volatility during the global financial crisis led to, and future 
market volatility may lead to, the following negative effects (amongst others) for the banking industry: 
• 
increased cost of funding and/or reduced availability of funding; 
• 
deterioration in the value and liquidity of assets (including collateral); 
• 
inability to price, or difficulty pricing, certain assets; 
• 
higher provisions for bad and doubtful debts; 
• 
an increased likelihood of customer and counterparty default and credit losses; 
• 
mark-to-market losses in the value of assets and liabilities; 
• 
foreign exchange differences of non-Euro assets and liabilities, recognised in the other 
comprehensive income, and therefore impacting bank's equity; 
• 
increased economic exposure from hedging activities; and 
• 
lower growth, business revenues and earnings. 
Market participants, corporations and households may be negatively impacted by elevated interest rates and 
their ability to make payments on debt or loans could be negatively affected. This could lead to rising 
defaults, further economic slowdown and could negatively impact future economic development in areas 
in which the NLB Group operates. No assurance can be given as to future economic conditions in any 
market or as to the possibility of improvement in any market. If economic conditions deteriorate or stagnate 
in any of the NLB Group's main markets, the business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity 
and prospects of the NLB Group are likely to be negatively affected. The risk of contagion in the markets 
in which the NLB Group operates and dislocations caused by the interdependency of financial markets' 
participants and of members of currency and supranational economic associations is an ongoing risk to the 
NLB Group's financial condition. Any change in membership of such associations or reductions in the 
perceived creditworthiness of one or more significant borrowers or financial institutions could lead to 
market-wide liquidity problems, losses and defaults, which could adversely affect the NLB Group's results, 
financial condition and future prospects.  
Elevated price levels and monetary tightening affected global financial markets in 2023. In the United 
States, a substantial deposit outflow from regional lenders combined with the unrealised losses on their 
securities holdings resulted in failure of three regional banks. In Europe, Credit Suisse suffered from 
deterioration of its liquidity position, although most of the outflows had happened already before the 
respective events, and a collapse of confidence. In Europe, large banks are subject to strict regulation, which 
supports the European banking system by requiring strong capital and loss-absorption buffers. Banks are 
also required to meet stringent requirements on liquidity and stable funding which should make the system 
generally well protected against negative shocks. 
The NLB Group is subject to risks arising from the Slovenian macroeconomic and political environment 
The Republic of Slovenia is the NLB Group's most important country of operation. In 2023, gross domestic 
product ("GDP") grew by 1.6 per cent., with economic activity being primarily driven by household 
consumption, fixed-asset investment, and growth in most services. According to the Statistical Office of 
the Republic of Slovenia (Statistični urad Republike Slovenije – SORS), the labour market remains tight, 
with the unemployment rate reaching 3.4 per cent. at the end of 2023. Consumer price inflation remains 
elevated due to higher price pressures for food and services, with the average annual inflation rate reaching 
7.4 per cent. in 2023 and it is expected to moderate in 2024. In general, the economic performance remains 
vulnerable to domestic and external economic conditions and shocks. Such factors include the delayed 
restoration of economic activity in the Slovenian private sector and its dependency on the level of economic 
activity in its largest export partners, which mostly consist of countries in the European Union ("EU"). 
Exports have usually been a key driver of economic recovery in the Republic of Slovenia and represent an 
important segment of GDP. Thus, negative changes in the volume of exports and trade balance for an

--- Page 14 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
extended period of time could have a material adverse effects on the country's fiscal budget, public debt, 
and economic activity. 
A prolonged deterioration in the macroeconomic environment in the Republic of Slovenia would likely 
have a significant effect on budget revenues and may result in an increase in the budget deficit, which may 
also lead to an increase in public debt. The latter is already elevated due to stimulative fiscal measures taken 
in order to mitigate economic implications of the COVID-19 pandemic. Additionally, given current 
demographic trends, public pension liabilities are likely to increase in the foreseeable future, which may 
contribute towards an increase in the budget deficit. 
Slovenia's economy is also subject to the risk of a possible decline in domestic demand. The latter 
manifested during the COVID-19 pandemic. Although domestic consumption has been robust in recent 
years, making a significant contribution to GDP growth, it is still characterised by high savings rates. 
Households' inability to spend during the COVID-19 pandemic further increased savings but at the same 
time accumulated savings enabled swift resumption of consumption which was the main driver of the 
economic rebound following the COVID-19 pandemic-induced crisis and also mitigated effects of 
purchasing power decrease during 2022 and 2023 elevated inflation period. 
In 2023, the Republic of Slovenia was hit by extensive flooding, which caused damage to households as 
well as corporate entities by disrupting their operations. Although there was no material impact on NLB's 
liquidity position or credit portfolio deterioration, reconstruction measures require significant resources at 
state level. 
An additional downside risk to consumer spending has emerged in the form of the war in Ukraine, which 
added to widespread inflationary pressures, while conflicts in the Middle East (in Gaza and the Red Sea) 
affected supply chain trade routes. Increased consumer prices impacted household purchasing power and 
the post-pandemic revival in consumer spending. Uncertainty remains elevated, mainly related to the 
energy market conditions and the persistence of inflation, which impacts overall economic and consumer 
sentiment. In general, if the economic situation in the Republic of Slovenia deteriorates, this could result in 
decreased economic activity that would eventually lead to higher unemployment, which in turn would deter 
private and household consumption. This could significantly weaken the demand for financial products, 
which could have a negative effect on the NLB Group. 
The NLB Group closely monitors the macroeconomic and geopolitical circumstances and their 
corresponding impacts on its credit and investment portfolio, remaining very prudent in identifying any 
increase in credit risk at a very early stage. The NLB Group may be affected by the secondary effect of the 
crisis, where increasing prices of raw materials and energy or their limited availability may represent an 
important factor for certain corporate clients.  
There can be no assurance that NLB's or the NLB Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations, cash flows and prospects will not be materially adversely affected as a result of one or more of 
these or any other factors relating to the macroeconomic and political condition of the Republic of Slovenia. 
This could impact the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
The NLB Group is subject to risks arising from the macroeconomic and political environment in SEE 
The SEE region is the NLB Group's most important geographic area of operations outside of the Republic 
of Slovenia and the economic conditions in the region are therefore important to the NLB Group's results 
of operations and financial condition. 
Bosnia and Herzegovina, Kosovo, North Macedonia, Montenegro, and Serbia are not members of the EU 
and may therefore have less developed regulation and control standards than other countries in which the 
NLB Group operates. The membership process is a protracted procedure and remains in its early stages for 
the countries concerned. In recent years, EU membership prospects have served as an incentive for political, 
fiscal, and monetary reforms. However, particularly new laws, regulations, and case law applicable to the 
securities and financial services industries and many of the transactions in which the NLB Group is involved 
are still evolving in many of these markets. Moreover, many of the laws and courts of these countries have 
not been fully tested in contract enforcement and other types of commercial disputes. These conditions can 
lead to delays in enforcement proceedings, restructurings, and other aspects of the NLB Group's operations 
in these markets. The NLB Group is also subject to the risks of price controls, capital controls and other 
restrictive government actions in these markets. In addition, the laws in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Kosovo,

--- Page 15 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
North Macedonia, Montenegro, and Serbia on foreign investment currently allow free repatriation of funds 
to the Republic of Slovenia. However, no assurance can be given that such provisions will not be modified 
or repealed in the future. 
Furthermore, the war in Ukraine has emerged as an additional downside risk to the SEE region's outlook as 
disruptions to energy and commodities markets translated into further increases in consumer prices, which 
were already rising because of the COVID-19 pandemic's economic implications and manifested in an 
adverse effect on households' purchasing power. Conflicts in Gaza and at the Red Sea could impact the 
supply chain trade routes, negatively affecting trade in the SEE region. 
There can be no assurance that NLB's or the NLB Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations, cash flows and prospects will not be materially adversely affected because of any instability or 
economic deterioration in SEE. 
The NLB Group may be negatively affected by increased competition 
The NLB Group operates in a number of highly competitive markets, alongside a significant number of 
competitors, including subsidiaries of major European banking groups. In some countries of operation, 
consolidation of existing market players is in process. Increasing competition in the banking sector, further 
banks consolidation in several of NLB Group's markets and/or the inability of NLB or any other NLB 
Group member to compete effectively in its market may have a material adverse effect on NLB's or the 
NLB Group's business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. Since the 
Russia-Ukraine war and subsequent acquisitions of Russian banks in the SEE region by local competitors 
following resolutions by the Single Resolution Board ("SRB") in coordination with local regulatory 
authorities, the competition landscape changed in some of the NLB Group markets of operations. In recent 
years increased competition has come from fintech companies and other credit institutions, which offer 
streamlined and personalized services by prioritizing user experience and customer satisfaction, thus further 
intensifying competition in the financial services sector. 
For more information see "Competition facing the NLB Group". 
1.2 
Risks relating to the credit risk 
The NLB Group is exposed to credit risk and could experience material increases in non-performing 
exposures, leading to significant increases in impairment allowances, which could materially adversely 
affect the NLB Group's business, financial condition and results of operations 
The NLB Group is exposed to the risk that its borrowers may not fulfil their loans or fulfil their other 
obligations to the NLB Group in accordance with their contractual terms and that the collateral serving as 
a potential secondary source of repayment of these exposures may turn out to be insufficient. 
Furthermore, the NLB Group is also exposed to counterparty credit risk in respect of other assets that it 
holds, whether debt securities, money market instruments or deposit accounts. This risk is usually 
materially enhanced in times of economic slowdown. 
Impacts of the floods in Slovenia in 2023 were negligible on the performance of NLB, and only minor 
client credit quality deteriorations or received collaterals occurred. Direct and indirect exposure of NLB 
Group toward Russia and Ukraine and Middle East is limited. Besides, the NLB Group monitors the 
macroeconomic and geopolitical circumstances closely and communicates with key clients to identify any 
changes to their business circumstances. The slowdown caused by a weaker external demand, still elevated 
inflation, change in supply chains and more significant uncertainty may limit the credit capabilities or weigh 
on lower investment growth. To enable early identification of Significant Increases in Credit Risk 
("SICR"), the NLB Group has strengthened the established early warning systems. However, NLB Group 
may not be able to always adequately assess such increases in credit risk in a timely manner or at all. 
Moreover, the macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainties might cause additional spill-over effects in 
the mid-term, which may at a later period have some impact on different segments of the credit portfolio.  
NLB has taken several measures in the past years to manage non-performing loans or loans with higher 
risk, including the adoption of a Non-Performing Loans ("NPL") strategy, introduction and development 
of a restructuring and work-out unit, the introduction of an early warning system and a loan watch 
committee, and the renewal of a credit process and rating methodology, as well as establishing new scoring 
models for certain segments. In addition, the NLB Group regularly monitors credit portfolio quality and

--- Page 16 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
performs different scenario analyses and stress tests where the financial resilience of NLB Group's business 
model is tested. Notwithstanding these new procedures and improvements in the NLB Group's credit risk 
management, there can be no assurance that these procedures will be sufficient to ensure that NLB's and 
the NLB Group's NPL or the corresponding impairments, which reflect expected credit losses ("ECL"), 
will remain at the appropriate level in the future. Any potential increase in the impairment allowances for 
loans and advances to customers, any potential loan losses in excess of the previously determined 
impairment allowances for loans and advances to customers with respect thereto or any potential changes 
in the estimate of the risk of loss inherent in the portfolio of non-impaired loans may have a material adverse 
effect on NLB's or the NLB Group's business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and 
prospects. 
The NLB Group is exposed to risks in relation to market impacts on collateral value and the enforcement 
of such collateral 
The NLB Group generally seeks collateral for its loans. A significant proportion of this collateral takes the 
form of mortgages or other security over assets and there are particular risks associated with this form of 
collateral when a client defaults. In addition, part of the collateral taken by the NLB Group comprises share 
pledges. The value of this collateral can be adversely affected by falling stock market values (in the case of 
listed shares) or adverse developments in a business (in the case of non-listed shares). Additionally, 
guarantees issued by the Republic of Slovenia represent a significant amount of collateral, with such 
guarantee to one customer valued at approximately EUR 289 million as at 31 December 2023. In addition, 
the NLB Group may experience difficulty in enforcing certain collateral, particularly in the case of non-
listed shares. 
In addition to operations in the Republic of Slovenia, the NLB Group's operations include banking 
subsidiaries in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Kosovo, North Macedonia, Montenegro and Serbia. In connection 
with its loans or other banking operations in the above-mentioned jurisdictions, and in Croatia, the NLB 
Group holds mortgages over assets, as well as movable collateral, including machinery, equipment, vehicles 
and other forms of collateral. Procedures in these jurisdictions for the sale or other enforcement actions in 
relation to mortgages on real property in particular may be protracted and difficult to practically implement. 
In cases where the NLB Group is unable to enforce effectively against real estate or other collateral granted 
to it, this will delay recovery of the relevant loan and could expose the NLB Group to increased losses on 
the relevant loan, especially in the case of falling property markets. 
Enforcement of collateral located outside the EU may prove to be more difficult, more time consuming and 
more expensive than for collateral located within the EU, and may be subject to different requirements and 
restrictions than for collateral located in the EU. 
If the NLB Group is not able to enforce security over collateral held in or outside the EU in a timely manner 
or at all, it may have an adverse effect on the NLB Group's business, prospects, financial condition, results 
of operations or cash flow. 
A substantial portion of NLB's and the NLB Group's loans are secured by property interests and NLB 
and the NLB Group are therefore exposed to any downturn in the property markets in which they 
operate, including various disrupting factors in SEE which influence volatility in the local real estate 
market 
EUR 2,721 million and EUR 2,182 million of lending in NLB's credit portfolio was secured by real estate 
collateral as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. EUR 5,522 million and EUR 5,340 million of 
lending in the NLB Group's credit portfolio was secured by real estate collateral as at 31 December 2023 
and 31 December 2022. 
Slovenian real estate market has been generally robust, with steady growth in both residential and 
commercial sectors. The housing market, in particular, has seen significant development. Urban areas, 
especially the capital city of Ljubljana, have been the hotspots for housing demand, driven by both local 
and foreign investors. 
In 2023, a downward trend in the number of transactions was noticed in the Slovenian residential real estate 
market. In the first half of 2023, compared to the second half of 2021, when the number of transactions 
with residential real estate reached a peak after the pandemic, the number of transactions with residential 
real estates was approximately 25 per cent. smaller. The prices of residential real estate and land for their

--- Page 17 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
construction record stagnated in 2023, while house prices still made a moderate growth. The construction 
of new housing developments has been ongoing, but the pace often doesn't match the rapidly increasing 
demand in urban centres. This mismatch contributes to rising property prices in these areas.  
In general, the NLB Group applies a cash flow-based credit policy that considers the repayment capacity 
of a customer when extending on or off-balance loans and other exposures. This policy also applies to all 
lending backed or collateralised by residential or commercial real estate. However, circumstances may 
change over time. Any economic downturn in the countries in which the NLB Group operates, including 
declines in the value of real estate and increases in unemployment rates, could adversely affect NLB's and 
the NLB Group's collateral coverage of its loan portfolio with respect to new and existing NPL and generate 
increases in impairment losses, which could materially affect NLB's and the NLB Group's financial 
condition and results of operations. In addition, the effects of declining property values on the wider 
economies in which the NLB Group operates may also contribute to higher default rates and impairment 
losses on other loans extended by them. 
The NLB Group has concentrations of both loans and deposits geographically and in terms of customer 
type. These concentrations, along with an associated concentration of its investment portfolio, expose 
the NLB Group to enhanced levels of risk 
The NLB Group's loans and deposits are geographically concentrated. The NLB Group's corporate, retail 
and small and medium-sized enterprise ("SME") loans are largely concentrated in the Republic of Slovenia 
(48.4 per cent. of funded loans as at 31 December 2023, 50.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2022). With 
respect to liabilities, 56.4 per cent. and 58.3 per cent. of its deposits were from Slovenian depositors at 
31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, respectively. 
The NLB Group's investment portfolio also has a concentration of Slovenian credit risk, with 15.0 per cent. 
and 13.3 per cent. of the portfolio representing Slovenian Government and private sector bonds held by the 
NLB Group as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, respectively. Accordingly, the NLB Group is 
particularly exposed to any future downturn in the economy of the Republic of Slovenia. 
In addition, the NLB Group's loan portfolio is concentrated in relation to its largest corporate customers 
(as at 31 December 2023 the NLB Group's 10 and 20 largest customers accounted for 4.2 per cent. and 
6.0 per cent., respectively, of the NLB Group's total loan portfolio). As a result, any decision by one or 
more of these customers to move its business to another bank or any default by one or more of these 
customers would likely have a material adverse effect on NLB's and the NLB Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
1.3 
Risks relating to liquidity and market conditions 
The NLB Group is subject to the risk that liquidity and sources of funding that it currently utilises may 
not always be readily available 
Liquidity risk is the risk that an entity will be unable to meet its obligations, including funding 
commitments, as they fall due. This risk is inherent in banking operations and can be heightened by a 
number of enterprise-specific factors, including over-reliance on a particular source of funding (including, 
for example, short-term and overnight funding), changes in credit ratings or market-wide phenomena such 
as market dislocation and major disasters. NLB has issued Senior Preferred notes in July 2022 and June 
2023, Additional Tier 1 notes in September 2022 and Subordinated Tier 2 notes in November 2022 and 
January 2024. The NLB Group's funding costs could increase due to changes in market conditions or new 
regulatory requirements, including the amendments on the minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities ("MREL") under the EU Banking Package (see "The Issuer is subject to a number of 
strict and extensive regulatory rules and requirements"), which may require NLB to increase its long-term 
funding requirements.  
However, even the perception that a credit institution is experiencing greater liquidity risk can cause 
significant damage to the institution. If the NLB Group's short-term funding sources become volatile or 
unavailable, the NLB Group would be required to utilise other, more expensive, sources to meet its funding 
needs, such as collateralised borrowing or asset sales. The NLB Group's ability to sell assets at a 
commercially desirable price or to sell at all may be impaired if other market participants are seeking to 
sell similar assets at the same time or are not in a position to finance themselves; or when the market value 
of assets, including financial instruments underlying derivative transactions to which the NLB Group

--- Page 18 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
members are party, is difficult to ascertain. This has occurred at certain times during and since the global 
financial crisis. In addition, credit institutions with which the NLB Group interacts may exercise set-off 
rights or rights to require additional collateral. Any of these or other events could impair the NLB Group's 
access to liquidity. 
Future disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit markets could limit the NLB Group's 
ability to refinance maturing liabilities with long-term funding. The availability of additional financing 
required by NLB Group will depend on a variety of factors, such as market conditions, the availability of 
credit both generally and to borrowers in the financial services industry specifically, the volume of trading 
activities, the NLB Group's financial condition, its credit ratings and its credit capacity. It will also be 
affected by the possibility that customers or lenders could develop a negative perception of the NLB Group's 
financial prospects; as might happen if for example, the NLB Group would experience significant deposit 
outflows or if the level of the NLB Group's business activity would decrease due to a market downturn. In 
particular, the NLB Group's access to funds may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies 
impose additional regulatory capital requirements or downgrade the NLB Group's debt rating. Any of these 
developments may limit the NLB Group's ability to raise additional capital to support business growth, 
counterbalance the consequence of losses or satisfy increased regulatory capital requirements, and could 
have a material adverse effect on NLB's and the NLB Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations, liquidity, capital position and prospects. 
In addition, as is the case with many banks, the NLB Group relies on customer deposits to meet a substantial 
portion of its funding requirements. Such deposits are subject to fluctuation due to certain factors outside 
the NLB Group's control, such as any possible loss of confidence and competitive pressures, which could 
result in a significant outflow of deposits within a short period of time. A material decrease in the NLB 
Group's deposits could have a negative impact on the NLB Group's liquidity. 
NLB's borrowing costs, access to the capital markets, reputation and competitive position depend 
significantly on its credit ratings and the credit rating of the Republic of Slovenia 
Credit ratings represent an important component of the NLB Group's liquidity profile and affect the cost 
and other terms on which the NLB Group is able to obtain funding. Changes to the NLB Group's credit 
ratings reflect developments in the solvency, liquidity and overall financial profile of the Bank. NLB's 
credit rating could also be impacted by any change to the risk profile of the Republic of Slovenia, as 
reflected in the sovereign credit rating of the Republic of Slovenia. 
Any downgrade in NLB's or the Republic of Slovenia's credit ratings could materially adversely affect 
NLB's liquidity including by negatively impacting its risk profile and competitive position, undermining 
confidence in the NLB Group, increasing its borrowing costs, limiting its access to the capital markets, or 
limiting the range of counterparties willing to enter into transactions with NLB and other NLB Group 
members. NLB's credit ratings are subject to change and could be downgraded as a result of many factors, 
including the failure of the NLB Group to successfully implement its strategies. A downgrade of NLB's 
credit ratings could lead to reputational damage for the NLB Group, which may also lead to a loss of 
customers and counterparties that could in turn have an adverse effect on the NLB Group's business, results 
of operations and financial condition. 
Fluctuations in interest rates may adversely affect the NLB Group's results 
The NLB Group assesses its exposure to interest rate risk to remain moderate and within risk appetite. It 
arises mainly from the banking book positions. In recent years the NLB Group has recorded a growth of 
fixed interest rate loans and long-term banking book securities on the assets side. The decade long 
transformation of deposits from term to sight reversed in 2023, when term deposit share slightly increased 
due to higher interest rates. 
The NLB Group manages interest rate positions and stabilises its interest rate margin primarily with the 
pricing policy and fund transfer pricing policy. An important part of the interest rate risk management is 
the banking book securities portfolio, which is used to maintain adequate liquidity reserves and the stability 
of the interest rate margin. The investment strategy of the NLB Group, referring to the NLB Group's bond 
portfolio kept for liquidity purposes, adapts to the expected market trends in accordance with the set risk 
appetite. The NLB Group is closely monitoring its major bond portfolio positions, mostly sovereigns, and 
carefully manages them also by incorporating adequate early warning systems in order to limit the potential 
sensitivity of regulatory capital. In addition, the NLB Group also uses plain vanilla derivative financial

--- Page 19 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
instruments for interest rate risk management, such as interest rate swaps, overnight index swaps, cross 
currency swaps, and forward rate agreements. 
The Russia-Ukraine war, other geopolitical uncertainties and corresponding market developments have led 
to considerable volatility in the financial markets, in particular shifts in credit spreads, interest rates and 
foreign exchange rates. Special attention concerning market trends and price movements is given to 
possible defaults of issuers included in the banking book securities portfolio. 
Geopolitical uncertainties have increased volatility in the financial markets, particularly credit spreads 
widening and rising yield environment, which materially impacted NLB Group's Fair Value through Other 
Comprehensive Income ("FVOCI") positions. The NLB Group constantly observes the market to diminish 
further possible defaults of issuers included in the banking book securities portfolio and to manage the 
portfolio according to the market moves (rising yield environment) and economic data (inflation, 
recession/stagflation). Despite careful management of the structure and concentration of NLB Group's 
liquidity reserves, no assurance can be given that there will be no additional negative affect on NLB Group's 
capital position. 
NLB's and the NLB Group's profitability is to a large extent based on their respective net interest income 
levels. This is the reason that stabilising net interest income is NLB's important goal when managing interest 
rate risk. Additionally, future changes in the financial markets, namely required yields to maturity and credit 
spreads, may have a material effect on NLB's and the NLB Group's FVOCI positions. While the NLB 
Group monitors its interest rate sensitivity by analysing and adapting the composition of its assets and 
liabilities and off-balance sheet financial instruments, any significant and unanticipated interest rate 
movements in the Republic of Slovenia and the Eurozone or in other markets where the NLB Group 
operates could adversely affect NLB's and the NLB Group's operations, financial condition and regulatory 
capital requirements. 
The NLB Group is exposed to risks related to exchange rate fluctuations 
The NLB Group operates its main business activities in Euro, which is the reporting currency of the NLB 
Group. Subsidiary banks conduct business mainly in Euro (in addition to their domestic currencies). The 
NLB Group's net open foreign exchange position from transactional risk amounts to 1.4 per cent. of capital 
as of 31 December 2023. 
For the purposes of the NLB Group consolidated financial statements, transactions executed in currencies 
other than Euro are converted into Euro at the exchange rate prevailing at the date of such a transaction. 
Any gains or losses resulting from such transactions and from converting assets and liabilities denominated 
in foreign currencies are recognised in the income statement, except when deferred in other comprehensive 
income as qualifying cash flow hedges. Assets and liabilities denominated in the domestic currencies of 
foreign non-Euro subsidiaries are converted into Euro and any resulting exchange differences are 
recognised in other comprehensive income. Gains or losses that appear in other comprehensive income may 
affect shareholder's equity and the CET 1 capital ratio. 
Some of the NLB Group's banking members operate their main business activities in Euro, whereby they 
are exposed to foreign exchange lending risk if the domestic currency materially depreciates against the 
Euro, even though they include this risk evaluation within the process of a client's creditworthiness 
assessment. 
The geopolitical uncertainties resulted in an increased volatility in the financial markets, in particular shifts 
in credit spreads, interest rates and foreign exchange rates. Regarding the NLB Group's major foreign 
exchange positions, no material movements were observed so far. Current developments, market 
observations and potential mitigations are closely monitored and discussed. However, NLB Group may not 
be always able to identify significant changes in a timely manner and mitigate them adequately due to a 
limited scope of disposable measures. 
Nonetheless, fluctuations in exchange rates between the Euro and other currencies could impact the NLB 
Group's financial results in a number of ways. Future changes in the financial markets, namely foreign 
exchange fluctuations, may have a material effect on NLB's and the NLB Group's business and operations. 
No assurance can be given that they will not have an adverse effect on the results of operations of the NLB 
Group.

--- Page 20 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
The NLB Group faces interest rate, liquidity, foreign exchange, credit, market, investment, operational 
and associated climate and environmental risks that could adversely affect if its risk management policies 
would not succeed 
The NLB Group faces a number of business risks that could adversely affect it. These include interest rate, 
liquidity, foreign exchange, credit, market, investment operational and associated ESG or climate and 
environmental risks. Although NLB invests substantial effort in its risk management strategies, framework 
and systems, these strategies, framework and systems may nevertheless fail in certain circumstances, 
particularly when confronted with risks that NLB did not identify correctly or in a timely fashion. 
Furthermore, NLB may not be able to make a correct assessment or evaluation of the risks to which it is 
exposed. 
Some of the measures taken by the NLB Group to manage various risks are to enter into hedging 
transactions to manage market risks, to set credit risk limits for each counterparty's investment (within a 
two-stage decision-making process) and, on an NLB Group portfolio level (to which the NLB Group is 
exposed in its lending business), to have sufficient collateral for credit provided and to do due diligence to 
manage legal risks. Some of these and other methods used by the NLB Group to manage, estimate and 
measure risk are based on historic market behaviour. The methods may therefore prove to be inadequate 
for predicting future risk exposure, which may prove to be significantly greater than what is suggested by 
historic experience. Historical market developments may also not adequately allow a sufficiently accurate 
prediction of future circumstances arising due to government interventions and stimulus packages, which 
increase the difficulty of evaluating risks. Other methods for risk management are based on evaluation of 
information regarding markets, customers or other information that is publicly known or otherwise 
available to the NLB Group. Such information may not always be correct, updated or correctly evaluated. 
In addition, the risk methodologies and techniques used by the NLB Group may not cover adequately the 
entire spectrum of risks to which the NLB Group is subject. If any such risks materialise, the associated 
losses could be greater than NLB may have anticipated, which may have a material adverse effect on NLB's 
and the NLB Group's business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
1.4 
Risks relating to NLB Group operations 
The NLB Group is exposed to risks related to current and potential future acquisitions or disposals of 
assets 
In November 2023, NLB entered into a sale and purchase agreement to acquire a 100 per cent. shareholding 
in SLS HOLDCO, holdinška družba, d.o.o., the parent company of Summit Leasing Slovenija d.o.o. 
("Summit Leasing Slovenija") and its Croatian subsidiary, Mobil Leasing d.o.o., (together the "Summit 
Leasing Group") from funds managed by affiliates of Apollo Global Management Inc. and the European 
Bank for Reconstruction and Development. The completion of the transaction is subject to regulatory and 
anti-trust approvals and is planned for the second half of 2024. However, there can be no assurance that 
these processes will be successful or completed within the intended timeframe. Following completion of 
the transaction, it is intended to proceed with merger of Summit Leasing Slovenija and NLB Group's 
existing leasing operations in Slovenia, as well as harmonisation of Mobil Leasing d.o.o. in Croatia with 
NLB Group requirements. The integration may affect Summit Leasing Group's relationships with key third 
parties distributing its products, impacting on revenues. In addition, the integration may lead to key 
employees and staff leaving with replacements being hard to find. Information technology ("IT") and other 
systems need to be merged, which may prove more difficult than expected and further delayed by ongoing 
IT transformation projects of NLB Group. 
NLB may undertake mergers, acquisitions and disposals of assets and entities in the future. For more 
information see "Investments" and in relation to the planned all-cash voluntary public takeover offer of 
Addiko Bank AG, please see "Recent Developments". The NLB Group evaluates potential acquisitions in 
a disciplined manner on an opportunistic basis, taking into consideration its objectives to strengthen its 
position in certain strategic markets and to create value for shareholders. Such transactions may entail 
significant risks related to the implementation of transactions, including risk of mispricing assets or entities, 
inadequate due diligence, risks related to contractual obligations entered into in such transactions and 
others.

--- Page 21 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
There can be no assurance that the NLB Group will be successful in any acquisition process that it 
participates in or that it would be able to successfully integrate business operations of entities that it acquires 
in the future. In the context of an acquisition, the NLB Group would strive to achieve revenue and cost 
synergies, operating efficiencies, business growth opportunities, as well as other benefits from any 
acquisition. Integrating entities following an acquisition, however, may be complex and expensive and may 
present a number of challenges. In addition, expected business growth opportunities, revenue and cost 
synergies, operational efficiencies and other benefits may not materialise, in part because of the 
assumptions upon which the NLB Group determines to proceed with any acquisition may prove to be 
incorrect. It is NLB Group policy to thoroughly analyse the risks associated with any potential acquisition, 
but there can be no guarantee that such analysis would be sufficient to uncover all material issues or that 
the quality of assets acquired would not have a negative impact on the NLB Group's capital position. As a 
result, if anticipated synergies or other benefits of an acquisition are not achieved, or if those achieved are 
materially different from those that were expected, then this could have a material adverse effect on the 
NLB Group's business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
The NLB Group may be exposed to losses if critical accounting judgements or estimates are subsequently 
found to be incorrect or inaccurate 
The preparation of the NLB Group's financial statements requires the management to make estimates and 
assumptions and to exercise judgement in selecting and applying relevant accounting policies, each of 
which may directly impact the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses, to ensure 
compliance with IFRS. All estimates and assumptions required in conformity with IFRS are best estimates 
undertaken in accordance with applicable standards. Estimates and judgements are evaluated on a 
continuing basis, and are based on past experience and other factors, including expectations with regard to 
future events. Some areas involving a higher degree of judgement, where assumptions are significant to the 
financial statements, include the recognition of the expected losses for all financial instruments, not 
measured at fair value through profit and loss, including loan commitments and financial guarantees, 
recognition of deferred tax assets and the fair value of unquoted financial instruments and investments in 
subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures. 
If the judgements, estimates and assumptions used by the NLB Group in preparing its consolidated financial 
statements are subsequently found to be incorrect there could be a significant loss to them beyond that 
anticipated or provided for or an adjustment to those consolidated financial statements, which could have 
a material adverse effect on the NLB Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. (For 
further information see "Description of the Issuer and the NLB Group – Credit Portfolio – Impairment 
methodology"). 
The NLB Group's IT systems may fail or their security may be compromised 
The NLB Group relies heavily on its IT systems for a variety of functions, including processing 
applications, providing information to customers and/or employees, and maintaining financial records. In 
addition, the NLB Group uses distribution channels based on an IT platform comprising online banking, 
mobile banking and call centres. 
The IT systems used by the NLB Group may be vulnerable to physical and electronic breaches, malware 
and other attacks by cyber criminals, internet fraudsters or internal abuse. This could lead to, amongst other 
things, a leakage of the NLB Group's customer data, damage related to incursions, destruction of 
documents, failures or delays in processing transactions and unauthorised transactions. Furthermore, 
software errors and similar problems could have a significant effect on the NLB Group's ability to support 
and satisfy the needs of customers in a timely manner, interrupt the NLB Group's activities, damage its 
reputation, expose the NLB Group to increased regulatory audits or cause it to incur substantial technical, 
legal or other costs. The occurrence of any IT systems failures or a security breach may adversely affect 
the business, financial condition, results of operations or development prospects of the NLB Group.

--- Page 22 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
The NLB Group is dependent on the strength of its reputation 
The NLB Group's market position relies in large part on its reputation and ability to provide a wide range 
of services to its customers. 
In the event that the NLB Group's brand or reputation is damaged, for example as a result of litigation or 
other claims against one or more of the NLB Group members, administrative investigations or proceedings, 
negative press coverage or general negative perceptions about the NLB Group's services, this may have a 
negative effect on NLB's and the NLB Group's business, financial condition, results of operations, cash 
flows and prospects. 
The NLB Group's insurance policies and own risk assessment premiums may not cover particular future 
losses 
While the NLB Group believes that the insurance policies presently held by the NLB Group to cover its 
assets and operations are in line with general market practice, and is actively following the development of 
and implementing insurance products pursuant to changes in the business and regulatory environment, there 
is no guarantee that the NLB Group's insurance adequately covers every possible future loss, or that the 
terms of currently implemented insurance will be sufficient to cover losses as they occur. 
Any loss which is not covered by the NLB Group's existing insurance policies or own risk assessment 
premiums may have a material adverse effect on the NLB Group's business, prospects, financial condition, 
results of operations or cash flows, and even if covered, may result in increased insurance costs, increased 
risk assessment premiums charged to the clients or increased difficulties in acquiring insurance for the NLB 
Group. 
NLB Group is subject to the risk of money laundering and financing terrorism whereby third parties 
might use NLB Group as a conduit for illegal or terrorist activities, without the knowledge of the NLB 
Group, which could have a material adverse effect on the NLB Group 
The NLB Group is subject to legal provisions in connection with measures to avoid money laundering, 
corruption and terrorism financing ("AML Rules") which are continuously amended and tightened. 
The Issuer's obligation to comply with these AML Rules causes significant costs and expenses for the 
Issuer. In addition, any (factual or even only alleged) breach of the AML Rules may have main negative 
legal, financial and reputational consequences for the Issuer. 
NLB is subject to direct supervision of the ECB, and under the Slovenian anti-money laundering ("AML") 
and counter-terrorist financing ("CTF") law (Zakon o preprečevanju pranja denarja in financiranja 
terorizma – ZPPDFT-2), NLB can be subject to inspection procedures by the Bank of Slovenia (Banka 
Slovenije - "BSI"), the Slovenian Office for Money Laundering Prevention (Urad za preprečevanje pranja 
denarja) and Slovenian Securities Markets Agency (Agencija za trg vrednostnih papirjev). There is a risk 
that third parties could use the financial system of NLB or the other NLB Group members (or their 
respective correspondent banks) as a conduit for money laundering or terrorist financing (including illegal 
cash operations), or bribery or breaches of financial and economic sanctions without NLB's or another NLB 
Group member's (or their respective correspondent banks') knowledge. Failure to comply adequately with 
such regulations and standards could have a material adverse effect on the NLB or other NLB Group 
members or could trigger any other misdemeanour procedures for non-material violations (For further 
information see "Description of the Issuer and the NLB Group – Compliance"). 
The Central Bank of Serbia has completed its supervisory review in 2023 and has issued a final decision 
indicating certain corrective measures in the area of anti-money laundering, including issuing a small fine 
to NLB Komercijalna Banka, Beograd. The bank reported all activities as implemented, while a possible 
follow up check by the regulator is expected in 2024. 
NLB Banka, Banja Luka, NLB Banka, Prishtina, NLB Banka, Podgorica, NLB Komercijalna Banka, 
Beograd, and NLB, Ljubljana are currently undergoing, or have recently undergone, an ordinary course 
supervisory review by the Banking Agency of Republika Srpska, Central Bank of Kosovo, the Central Bank 
of Montenegro and the Securities Market Agency, respectively, in each case in relation to the areas of AML,

--- Page 23 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
CTF and financial sanctions. While recommendations have been issued to certain NLB subsidiaries, none 
of these recommendations are considered material. 
SEE is considered to be a higher risk region by field experts in the banking industry and at regulatory 
institutions, as well as by AML, anti-bribery and CTF authorities such as the Financial Action Task Force 
("FATF") and the Committee of Experts on the Evaluation of Anti-Money Laundering Measures and the 
Financing of Terrorism, with respect to money laundering, bribery, terrorist financing and corruption. This 
is particularly the case as regards those countries outside the EU, including Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia, 
Montenegro, North Macedonia and Kosovo. Such region-specific risks include: 
• 
a significantly higher occurrence of cash transactions in comparison with other parts of Europe, 
which may result in difficulties establishing the source of funds; 
• 
a large number of transactions to or from high-risk countries, especially those defined as "offshore" 
by the International Monetary Fund (IMF); 
• 
a significant number of investments and financial transactions involving or deriving from non-
resident clients (especially from Russian residents as a result of long-standing ties in SEE countries 
to Russia, where the source of funds is often poorly disclosed); and 
• 
a low grade on the corruption perception index by Transparency International. 
NLB must also comply with the U.S. Patriot Act as a foreign bank, especially in the area of correspondent 
banking relationships defined as high risk. Special attention is paid to ensure that NLB does not enter into 
business relationships with shell banks (directly or indirectly) and offshore banks; and that it does not 
support correspondent accounts which are used directly by third parties to transact business on their own 
behalf (payable through account). However, such measures may not be sufficient to ensure compliance with 
the U.S. Patriot Act. 
In 2017, NLB was subject to extensive media exposure regarding AML and CTF as a result of a case 
involving transactions relating to Iran that took place in the years 2009 and 2010 (the "Iran Case"). This 
case was subject to a parliamentary investigation in 2017 and 2018, following which a special Parliamentary 
Commission was established in order to investigate the alleged AML breach (Preiskovalna komisija o 
ugotavljanju domnevnega pranja denarja in financiranja terorizma, jedrske proliferacije ter financiranja 
aktivnosti tujih obveščevalno-varnostnih služb v NLB d.d. ter domnevnega pranja denarja v Novi KBM 
d.d.). It concluded its work in May 2018. Part of the final report of the Parliamentary Commission has been 
published publicly, with portions of the report still restricted, including from NLB. Based on publicly 
available information, the Parliamentary Commission has not found any signs of criminal offences or 
breach of AML legislation in the case. It found however that the former Management Board and 
Supervisory Board of NLB had breached their duties. Furthermore, there were criminal charges filed against 
two former employees of NLB for false testimony during the hearing before the Parliamentary Commission, 
and former governmental representatives and a former representative of the BSI were found to have political 
responsibility in this case. As of the date of this Prospectus, NLB is not aware of any proceedings regarding 
this case against NLB or its current employees with respect to the above investigation, or regarding the 
final findings of the authorities or the Parliamentary Commission mandated to investigate this case. 
According to Slovenian legislation any civil motion connected with the Iran Case has been time barred in 
accordance with the general statute of limitations of five years (see – Description of the Issuer and the NLB 
Group – Compliance). 
If NLB or any other NLB Group member is associated with, or even accused of being associated with, 
money laundering or terrorist financing, then its and the NLB Group's reputation could suffer and it could 
become subject to criminal or regulatory fines, sanctions and/or legal enforcement (including being added 
to "blacklists" that might prohibit certain parties from engaging in transactions with NLB or other relevant 
NLB Group members). Any such actions may have a material adverse effect on NLB's or the NLB Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects.

--- Page 24 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
The NLB Group is exposed to the risk of external or internal fraud 
NLB and the other NLB Group member companies are exposed to various risks resulting from fraudulent 
activities, particularly in connection with loan approval processes, procurement and client account 
processing. The NLB Group may be negatively affected by, inter alia, instances of stolen or 
misappropriated NLB Group or customer funds, manipulation of the NLB Group's objective evaluation 
processes (e.g. for the valuation of collateral, credit risk, etc.), the breach or falsification of data and 
documentation any other types of deception. 
The NLB Group constantly upgrades its internal control and compliance system, and set up measures to 
facilitate fraud risk management. However, these measures may not fully prevent future fraudulent 
activities, which could have adverse effects on NLB's finances, operations and reputation. 
1.5 
Legal risks 
Unfavourable outcomes of pending litigation may adversely affect NLB and the NLB Group 
NLB and members of the NLB Group are involved in a number of legal proceedings, some of which, if 
resolved adversely to the interests of NLB or the relevant member of the NLB Group, could have a material 
adverse effect on NLB and the NLB Group. As at 31 December 2023, NLB was involved in 21 legal 
disputes (17 as at 31 December 2022) with monetary claims against NLB exceeding EUR 1 million per 
case (excluding accrued interest). As at 31 December 2023, the aggregate amount of these claims, excluding 
accrued interest, was EUR 236.7 million (EUR 219.8 million as at 31 December 2022). As at 31 December 
2023, the NLB Group was involved in 41 legal disputes (41 as at 31 December 2022) with monetary claims 
against NLB Group members exceeding EUR 1 million per case (excluding accrued interest), in the 
aggregate principal amount of EUR 463.1 million (EUR 462.6 million as at 31 December 2022). Other than 
the Croatian litigation regarding transferred deposits and the litigation regarding the Bail-In (as defined 
below), each discussed below, such legal proceedings have arisen in connection with the ordinary course 
of business of NLB and the NLB Group. 
As at 31 December 2023, provisions with respect to monetary claims exceeding EUR 1 million per case 
were EUR 7.2 million (EUR 9 million as at 31 December 2022) at the NLB Group level, respectively. 
While management believes that NLB's financial statements make adequate provision for pending legal 
proceedings, a worse than expected outcome in any legal proceedings would mean that such provisions, or 
the absence of any provision, insufficiently cover NLB's liabilities. 
Several borrowers of loans denominated in Swiss Francs ("CHF") have initiated legal proceedings against 
NLB in which they are claiming that their CHF-denominated loan agreements are null and void due to the 
failure by NLB to inform them properly of the currency risk they were assuming by borrowing such loans. 
The total amount of such claims is not material and, until recently, the plaintiffs were mostly 
unsuccessful. However, a recent change in the interpretation of the relevant provisions of law by the 
Slovenian courts, interpretation of which imposes more stringent criteria for assessing the compliance of 
Slovenian credit institutions with the requirements of transparency against consumers, increases the 
possibility of the plaintiffs' success, although the outcome still depends largely on factual matters as 
determined by the court. In addition, this change in the case law resulted in a slight increase in the number 
of lawsuits against NLB. 
Further, there may be additional claims against NLB and NLB Group which have not yet been served on 
NLB or of which NLB and NLB Group are not yet aware (For example, see "Description of the Issuer and 
the NLB Group – Legal and Administrative Proceedings – Collective consumer claims"). 
An unfavourable outcome of any such proceedings could have a material adverse effect on NLB's and the 
NLB Group's business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
A failure by NLB to comply with its obligations under ZVKNNLB and the related agreement with the 
Fund would deprive NLB of the protection granted to it by ZVKNNLB 
NLB is currently involved in proceedings whereby the plaintiffs claim that NLB is responsible for the 
liabilities relating to foreign currency deposits that were held with Ljubljanska banka, Zagreb Branch 
("Ljubljanska banka Zagreb Branch"). Ljubljanska banka Zagreb Branch is the Croatian branch of 
Ljubljanska banka d.d., Ljubljana ("Ljubljanska banka"), which in turn is an entity from which NLB 
received certain assets and liabilities in 1994 (as discussed below).

--- Page 25 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
Two Croatian banks have filed claims against Ljubljanska banka and NLB, as the alleged co-debtor, in 
Croatian courts in relation to deposits in various foreign currencies with Ljubljanska banka Zagreb Branch 
that were transferred to Privredna banka Zagreb and Zagrebačka banka by their original depositors in line 
with Croatian legislation set up after the dissolution of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia 
(the "SFRY"). The proceedings were filed during the period from 1994 to 1996. The aggregate principal 
amount of the claims against NLB is as at 31 December 2023 equivalent to approximately 
EUR 174.4 million (calculated at the exchange rates applicable on 31 December 2023), excluding any 
default interest. Due to the fact that the proceedings have been pending for a significant period of time, the 
default interest exceeds the principal amount of the transferred deposits. If NLB was found liable for these 
amounts, it would also be responsible for paying the litigation expenses of the plaintiffs. 
Seven cases related to the transferred deposits have been litigated through to final judgment. The remaining 
matters are pending in various stages. 
If NLB were to be found liable for the entire amount claimed, it would be obliged to pay significant amounts 
in principal, default interest and expenses. Pursuant to the Act on the Protection of the Value of Capital 
Investment of the Republic of Slovenia in NLB (Zakon za zaščito vrednosti kapitalske naložbe Republike 
Slovenije v Novi Ljubljanski banki d.d., Ljubljana – the "ZVKNNLB"), the Succession Fund of the 
Republic of Slovenia (Sklad Republike Slovenije za nasledstvo, javni sklad – the "Fund") is obliged to 
compensate NLB for the sums recovered from NLB by enforcement of final judgments delivered by 
Croatian courts in relation to the transferred deposits. However, the obligation of the Fund is subject to the 
compliance by NLB with certain obligations which include the use of all reasonable legal remedies against 
unfavourable court decisions and NLB may be obliged to repay to the Fund all sums received from the 
Fund if it voluntarily makes any payment in satisfaction of any such judgment. 
Accordingly, an unfavourable outcome in any of these pending proceedings may result in a negative 
financial impact to NLB and there is a risk that a failure by NLB to comply with its obligations under 
ZVKNNLB would deprive NLB of the protection granted to it by ZVKNNLB. (For more detail, please see 
"Description of the Issuer and the NLB Group – Legal and Administrative Proceedings – Claims in relating 
to liabilities in respect of transferred deposits"). 
If NLB would be found liable for claims relating to the Bail-In, it may incur substantial financial 
burdens 
In relation to the decision of the Slovenian government for the Republic of Slovenia to participate in capital 
increases of NLB in 2011 and 2012, the European Commission (the "EC") initiated a procedure to 
determine the compatibility of this participation with EU state aid rules. In accordance with the 
recommendations of the European Council published in June 2013, NLB (along with the majority of 
Slovenian banks) underwent an asset quality review (the "AQR") and "bottom-up" stress tests. 
In December 2013, the results of the AQR and stress test exercise revealed a capital shortfall for NLB of 
EUR 1,904 million. As a result, several measures aimed at ensuring the capital adequacy of NLB and the 
NLB Group were taken, including, amongst other measures, termination of all of NLB's obligations in 
respect of its share capital and subordinated financial instruments ("Qualified Liabilities") by way of a 
bail-in ("Bail-In"). 
Pursuant to the Slovenian Banking Act (Zakon o bančništvu – the "ZBan-1"), which was applicable in 2013, 
the only remedy available to persons who, as a result of the Bail-In, lost their investments in the Qualified 
Liabilities (the "Affected Investors"), is to claim compensation from the BSI and any claims against NLB 
in relation to the Bail-In are expressly excluded by law. Nevertheless, certain Affected Investors started 
lawsuits against NLB in which they are claiming compensation for the losses they incurred as a result of 
the Bail-In. 
The claims made by the plaintiffs are based on various allegations, including misrepresentations made by 
NLB in the context of its public offering of the subordinated notes, a failure to disclose the conflict of 
interest and a failure to contest the BSI Decision, amongst others. Some plaintiffs have not specified the 
grounds for their claim. 
As of 29 February 2024, 140 of these proceedings with claims amounting to nearly EUR 6.5 million are 
pending while claims of 10 plaintiffs have been finally rejected by the courts and additional 6 plaintiffs 
have withdrawn their claims. Out of 10 final rejection cases, two of them have been accepted for review by 
the Slovenian Supreme Court and in both such cases the Supreme Court upheld the judgments by which

--- Page 26 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
the lower courts rejected the plaintiff's claims (see "Description of the Issuer and the NLB Group – Legal 
and Administrative Proceedings – Proceedings relating to the BSI Decision"). As certain Affected Investors 
publicly announced claims exceeding such amount and since there is a possibility that NLB has not yet 
been notified of all the legal proceedings initiated against it, this amount may increase in the course of time 
and such additional claims may be material. Based on information obtained from the courts NLB 
understands that the amount of these additional claims could exceed EUR 73 million. 
No provision for any of these claims has been recorded and any losses recorded as a result of such claims, 
which may have a material adverse effect on the NLB Group's business, prospects, financial condition, 
results of operations or cash flows. 
Collective consumer claims 
The consumer organisation Zavod Kolektiv 99 filed a collective claim against NLB and an identical claim 
was also filed against N Banka. NLB received a class action lawsuit on 21 July 2022 and N Banka on 
29 July 2022. NLB submitted its response and is now waiting for the court to decide whether the 
preliminary conditions for the class action are fulfilled.  
The plaintiff's claims (Zavod Kolektiv 99) include, among other things, a demand that NLB ceases to use 
the lower interest rate in consumer loan contracts (uses the actual applicable interest rate without restrictions 
as negative EURIBOR) and compensates the borrowers for the losses incurred due to the application of an 
interest rate floor (the difference between the interest rate floor and the actual value of the interest rate). 
The claims against NLB (including former N Banka) are estimated at EUR 47 million. 
If adjudicated adversely to NLB, each of these claims could potentially result in NLB's material financial 
liability but would not affect NLB's ability to comply with its other obligations. If, before or after 
commencement of the relevant court proceedings, NLB will determine that any part of the above claims 
has merit, it may also decide to settle the relevant liabilities voluntarily. 
1.6 
Regulatory risks 
NLB may be required to increase its capital in future for a range of different reasons, including as a 
result of changing regulatory requirements (including MREL requirement), and may experience 
material difficulty in raising any such additional capital and other NLB Group banks are subject to 
capital requirements in their own jurisdictions of operation and any failure by one or more of these 
banks to maintain appropriate levels of capital could have a material adverse effect on the NLB Group 
As of 31 December 2023, NLB is required to maintain, on a consolidated basis, an overall capital 
requirement ("OCR") of at least 14.51 per cent. (consisting of 9.96 per cent. Common Equity Tier 1 
("CET 1") capital; 11.91 per cent. Tier 1 capital), consisting of a 10.40 per cent. of total supervisory review 
and evaluation process ("SREP") capital requirement (consisting of 5.85 per cent. CET 1 capital; 
7.80 per cent. Tier 1 capital) and a 4.11 per cent. combined buffer requirement (the "Combined Buffer 
Requirement") (consisting of a 2.5 per cent. capital conservation buffer, 1.25 per cent. other systemically 
important buffer1 ("O-SII Buffer"), 0.26 per cent. countercyclical buffer, and 0.10 per cent. systemic risk 
buffer to be made up of CET 1 capital only).  
On 1 December 2023, the ECB, Banking Supervision issued an SREP 2023 Decision for NLB to comply 
with on a consolidated basis. The total SREP capital requirement (TSCR) is 10.12 per cent. valid from 1 
January 2024. The Pillar 2 Requirement decreased by 0.28 per cent. compared to the previous decision due 
to a better overall SREP assessment. 
On 29 April 2022, the BSI issued a new Regulation that came into effect on 1 January 2023 to maintain a 
systemic risk buffer for exposures in the Republic of Slovenia, which introduces the level of the systemic 
risk buffer rates for sectoral exposures, 1.00 per cent. for all retail exposures to natural persons secured by 
residential real estate in Slovenia and 0.50 per cent. for all other exposures to natural persons in Slovenia. 
From January 2025, the sectoral systemic risk buffer for retail exposures to natural persons secured by 
residential real estate will decrease from 1.0 per cent. to 0.5 per cent. 
 
1  
Please see also "Recent Developments".

--- Page 27 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
Due to growing uncertainties in the economic environment and systemic risks, the BSI introduced a 
countercyclical capital buffer effective from December 2023 onwards of 0.5 per cent. of the total risk 
exposure amount for exposures in the Republic of Slovenia. Additionally, from 1 January 2025 onwards, 
the countercyclical capital buffer rate will increase to 1.0 per cent.   
As the regulations or risk profile of the NLB Group may additionally change in the future, capital 
requirements could change as well. 
Should NLB be required to increase its capital in future for any reason, including changes in regulatory 
capital requirements and continued significant losses, no assurance can be given that it will be successful 
in doing so on favourable terms, in a timely manner or at all. NLB's ability to obtain additional capital may 
be restricted by a number of factors, including: 
• 
its ability to obtain any required regulatory approvals; 
• 
decisions of its shareholders with respect to the approval of future capital increases; 
• 
general market conditions for capital-raising activities by commercial banks; 
• 
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of NLB at the time of the proposed 
capital increase; and 
• 
the credit rating of NLB at the time of the proposed capital increase. 
As of 1 January 2024, NLB must comply with the MREL requirement on a consolidated basis at the 
resolution group level (the "NLB Resolution Group", consisting of the Issuer and other members of the 
NLB Group, excluding banks) which amounts to 30.66 per cent. of Total Risk Exposure Amount ("TREA") 
(excluding Combined Buffer Requirement) and 10.69 per cent. of the Leverage Ratio Exposure ("LRE"). 
Breaching the MREL requirement could have potential implications on NLB's performance and would 
prohibit NLB from distributing more than the maximum distributable amount related to MREL (M-MDA).  
Any failure by NLB to comply with applicable capital requirements or otherwise to maintain sufficient 
levels of capital to conduct its business could have a material adverse effect on NLB's and the NLB Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, a breach of capital requirements and other 
regulatory ratios could result in NLB being subject to administrative sanctions. These sanctions could 
increase its operating costs and could adversely affect its reputation and, consequently, could have a 
material adverse effect on NLB's or the NLB Group's business, financial condition, results of operations, 
cash flows and prospects. 
Each of the other banks in the NLB Group is subject to local regulations relating to required levels of capital 
and MREL requirement, including: 
• 
local capital regulations following Basel III guidelines, subject to different stages of convergence 
with EU regulation2;  
• 
a minimum required level of capital. This is generally higher than 8 per cent., with most countries 
setting NLB Group entities higher minimum capital levels (12 per cent. in Bosnia and Herzegovina 
and Kosovo and 8 per cent. in North Macedonia, Montenegro and Serbia). In line with newly 
adopted regulation in Serbia, North Macedonia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro and Kosovo, 
minimum capital requirements are more closely aligned with CRR rules. However, all of these 
requirements are not directly or fully comparable to the EU requirement for a minimum required 
level of capital, as the definitions of risk-weighted assets ("RWA") and of capital instruments may 
differ. In addition, the implementation and enforcement of locally defined Pillar 2 Requirements, 
capital buffers and other capital deductions (for example, the deduction for provisions as a result 
of differences between local standards and the International Financial Reporting Standards as 
adopted by the EU ("IFRS")) may depend on the local regulator's view and guidance; and  
 
2 
As of January 2020 Serbia is included to the list of the third countries and territories whose supervisory and regulatory 
requirements are considered equivalent under the EU regime (i.e. Third country firm treatment and equivalence under the 
EU Banking Package (as defined below)). The same treatment has also come into force for Bosnia and Herzegovina and North 
Macedonia in October 2021.

--- Page 28 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
• 
local MREL regulations, subject to different stages of convergence with EU regulation and 
transitional period for implementation. 
Should any NLB Group banking member be required to increase its capital for any reason, it is likely to 
look first to NLB (as principal shareholder) to assure such capital increase, but NLB will not necessarily 
grant such request. If NLB was unable to provide the required capital, its shareholding in the banking 
member concerned may be diluted by the issue of additional shares or sale of the capital investment to the 
other potential shareholders. Each of these outcomes could adversely affect the NLB Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 
NLB Group banking member might due to less developed local capital markets experience difficulties in 
obtaining MREL eligible funding for meeting their local MREL requirements. This could adversely affect 
the NLB Group's business and prospects. 
The Issuer is subject to a number of strict and extensive regulatory rules and requirements, including 
capital requirements 
The NLB Group is subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations relating to banking, insurance and 
financial services, including those governing its marketing and selling practices, and faces the risk of 
significant interventions by a number of regulatory and enforcement authorities in each of the jurisdictions 
in which it operates. 
EU Banking Package and Reform of the Banking Union 
NLB is subject to capital requirements and liquidity rules imposed by the EU which govern the activities 
in which banks may engage and are designed to maintain the safety and soundness of banks, and limit their 
exposure to risk. These rules include Directive 2013/36/EU, as amended and implemented in the Republic 
of Slovenia and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as amended (see "Description of the Issuer and the NLB 
Group – Capital Requirements"). 
The Banking Union is a system for the supervision and resolution of credit institutions (including the Issuer) 
on EU level which is based on EU wide rules and currently consists of the Single Supervisory Mechanism 
and the Single Resolution Mechanism. 
On 7 June 2019, a legislative package for amendments of the following EU legal acts regarding the Banking 
Union was published in the Official Journal of the EU ("EU Banking Package") which successively 
entered into force from 27 June 2019 onwards: 
(i) 
Directive 2013/36/EU ("CRD IV"); 
(ii) 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 ("CRR"); 
(iii) 
Directive 2014/59/EU ("BRRD"); and 
(iv) 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 ("SRMR"). 
The EU Banking Package ("EU Banking Package"), inter alia, includes the following measures which are 
a specific and material risk to the Issuer: 
• 
a leverage ratio requirement for all institutions; 
• 
a net stable funding requirement; 
• 
revised rules on capital requirements for counterparty credit risk and for exposures to central 
counterparties; 
• 
a revised Pillar 2 framework; 
• 
enhanced MREL subordination rules for large banks referred to as top-tier banks; 
• 
stricter conditions for liabilities in order to qualify as eligible liabilities instruments for MREL 
purposes;

--- Page 29 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
• 
a new moratorium power for the resolution authority; and 
• 
restrictions to distributions in case of MREL breaches. 
The EU Banking Package entered into force on 27 June 2019. Certain amendments of the CRR apply 
already since 27 June 2019; further amendments of the CRR apply since 28 December 2020 and 28 June 
2021, respectively, those of the SRMR since 28 December 2020. The EU Member States should have 
implemented the amendments of the BRRD and the CRD IV into national legislation by 28 December 2020. 
In Slovenia, however, the relevant provisions entered into force on 23 June 2021. 
On 27 October 2021, the EC adopted a further package of a review of the CRR and the CRD IV, which is 
currently subject to further discussions on an EU level ("Revised Banking Package"). Trilogue 
negotiations between the European Council, the European Parliament and the EC have been finalized end 
of November 2023. A publication of the respective legislative package in the official Journal of the EU is 
expected in the first half of the year 2024. Most of these new rules shall apply as of 1 January 2025 (with 
multi-year transitional periods for the out-put floor and some other provisions). These new rules are aimed 
to ensure that EU banks become more resilient to potential future economic shocks, while contributing to 
Europe's recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic and the transition to climate neutrality. This package of 
the EC comprises the following legislative elements: 
• 
implementing Basel III (for details, see "Amended BCBS Standards" below); 
• 
sustainability; and 
• 
stronger enforcement tools. 
Additionally, the NLB Group is subject to stress tests, including regular stress testing exercises by the ECB, 
and other regulatory enquiries. Any negative outcomes could lead to a loss of trust in the NLB Group and 
materially and adversely affect the NLB Group's reputation and financing costs in addition to potentially 
triggering enforcement action by relevant competent authorities. The NLB Group is included in the ECB 
stress testing exercises each year. In 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2023, the NLB Group 
concluded the ECB's stress testing exercise in accordance with its requirements and the results were 
included in the SREP decision for the NLB Group. NLB Group is also included in ECB stress testing 
exercises in 2024.  
Amended BCBS Standards 
On 7 December 2017, 11 December 2018 and 14 January 2019, the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision ("BCBS") published amended standards for its international regulatory framework for credit 
institutions developed by the BCBS. Within the EU, the revised standards must be transposed into EU law 
for being applicable. These Basel III reforms, inter alia, include the following key measures which are a 
specific and material risk to the Issuer if transposed into EU law: 
• 
a revised standardised approach and the internal ratings-based approach for credit risk; 
• 
revisions to the credit valuation adjustment (CVA) framework; 
• 
a revised standardised approach for operational risk; 
• 
revisions to the measurement of the leverage ratio; 
• 
an aggregate output floor, which will ensure that RWA generated by internal models are not lower 
than 72.5 per cent. of RWA as calculated by the Basel III framework's standardised approaches;  
• 
revised Pillar 3 disclosure requirements; and 
• 
the finalised revised market risk framework. 
On 27 March 2020, the implementation dates for the revised BCBS standards have been deferred to 
1 January 2023 and will be phased in over five years.

--- Page 30 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
In addition, on 31 March 2021, the BCBS released revised principles for the sound management of 
operational risk and operational resilience. 
On 11 November 2021, the BCBS also published a standard on the voluntary disclosure of sovereign 
exposures which would result in higher risk weights for certain sovereign exposures for the Issuer. The 
implementation of these templates is only mandatory when required by national supervisors. 
Compliance with the regulatory rules and requirements listed under this section (Regulatory risks –The 
Issuer is subject to a number of strict and extensive regulatory rules and requirements, including capital 
requirements), in particular including the ongoing monitoring and implementation of new or amended rules 
and regulations cause significant costs and additional effort for the Issuer and any (factual or even only 
alleged) breach of such rules and requirements, such as the EU Banking Package, Revised Banking Package 
and the amended BCBS standards, may result in major regulatory measures and bear a main legal and 
reputational risk. Furthermore, stricter regulatory rules and requirements, in particular the EU Banking 
Package, and the amended BCBS Standards, result in significant capital demand for the Issuer and/or result 
in constraints and limitations on risk related business and other business of the Issuer; the latter will 
negatively affect the income and revenues of the Issuer. 
Any failure to comply with any of the above mentioned applicable laws, regulations and requirements may 
result in the NLB Group being exposed to many forms of risk which could have an adverse effect on its 
business. These include financial and reputational losses, measures such as blacklisting by credit 
institutions, the termination of business partnerships and legal proceedings and penalisation by the relevant 
authorities. It could lead to legal or administrative sanctions, which may also affect the NLB Group's long-
term ability to conduct its business and in turn its financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer is obliged to contribute to the Single Resolution Fund and to the deposit guarantee fund 
The Single Resolution Fund ("SRF") has been established by the SRMR (as defined below) and is 
composed of contributions by credit institutions (including the Issuer) and certain investment firms in the 
participating EU Member States of the banking union. The SRF has been gradually built up during an initial 
period of eight years (2016 – 2023). The target size of the SRF of at least 1 per cent. of the amount of 
covered deposits of the credit institutions in all countries of the Banking Union (including the Issuer) was 
reached on 31 December 2023. No regular annual contributions will be collected in 2024 from the 
institutions falling in scope of the SRF, i.e., contributions would (only) be collected in the event of specific 
circumstances or resolution actions involving the use of the SRF. 
Furthermore, Directive 2014/49/EU (Directive on Deposit Guarantee Schemes – "DGSD") stipulates a 
target level of the ex-ante financed funds for the deposit guarantee schemes of 0.8 per cent. of covered 
deposits. According to the Slovenian Deposit Guarantee Scheme Act (Zakon o sistemu jamstva za vloge – 
ZSJV), which implements the DGSD in Slovenia, the deposit guarantee fund is to be fully funded by 
3 July 2024. If necessary, credit institutions would have to pay certain additional (ex post) contributions in 
cases where the deposit guarantee fund does not have sufficient funds at its disposal to repay deposits 
covered by the guarantee. 
The Slovenian Bank Resolution Authority and Fund Act (Zakon o organu in skladu za reševanje bank – 
ZOSRB) established the Slovenian Bank Resolution Fund (Sklad za reševanje bank – the "BRF") to which 
Slovenian banks have to contribute. The BRF is operated and managed by the BSI and its purpose is to 
finance the compulsory winding-up measures that can be imposed by the BSI. Among other things, the 
funds of the BRF may be used for: (i) payment of the subscribed capital of the company established for the 
holding of the separate assets; (ii) payment of compensation to a bank in compulsory winding-up in cases 
where the BRF takes over its assets, rights and liabilities; and (iii) loans, guarantees, sureties or other 
collateral granted with respect to measures of compulsory winding-up. The assets of the BRF may not be 
used to cover past losses of a bank in compulsory winding-up. The target level of the assets in the BRF is 
2.3 per cent. of all the guaranteed deposits at the banks in Slovenia. The BRF will cease its operations as 
of 31 December 2024, following which the contributions of the banks will be returned proportionally to 
their payments. 
The Issuer's obligation to make such contributions may be an additional financial burden for the Issuer and 
may have a negative impact on the Issuer's business operations as well as its assets, financial position and 
results of operation.

--- Page 31 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
If the relevant conditions are met, the resolution authority shall apply resolution actions in relation to 
the Issuer 
The BRRD and SRMR are the main legal basis for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions 
(including the Issuer) within the Banking Union. 
If the conditions for resolution are met, the resolution authority shall take resolution actions (i.e. resolution 
tools and resolution powers) in relation to the Issuer in order to be able to exercise an orderly resolution, if 
the Issuer is failing (or likely to fail) and to preserve the financial stability. 
The conditions for resolution of the Issuer are: 
• 
the determination that the Issuer is failing or likely to fail has been made by the competent 
authority or the resolution authority; 
• 
having regard to timing and other relevant circumstances, there is no reasonable prospect that any 
alternative private sector measures, or supervisory action, including early intervention measures 
or the write-down or conversion of relevant capital instruments and eligible liabilities taken in 
respect of the Issuer, would prevent the failure of the Issuer within a reasonable timeframe; and 
• 
a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. 
The resolution tools are: (i) the sale of business tool; (ii) the bridge institution tool; (iii) the asset separation 
tool; and (iv) the bail-in tool. 
By applying the bail-in tool, the resolution authority may write down eligible liabilities in a cascading 
contribution to loss absorption of the Issuer or convert them into instruments of ownership. Moreover, the 
resolution authority can separate the performing assets from the impaired or under-performing assets and 
transfer the shares in the Issuer or all or part of the assets of the Issuer to a private purchaser or a bridge 
institution without the consent of the shareholders. 
In addition, the resolution authority has so-called resolution powers, which it may exercise individually or 
in any combination in relation to or for the preparation of the application of a resolution tool in relation to 
the Issuer. 
The BRRD and SRMR (as amended) indicate that as resolution strategies both, a single or multiple point-
of-entry ("SPE" or "MPE") approach, are allowed. Under the SPE resolution strategy, only one group 
entity, typically the parent undertaking, is resolved (resolution entity), whereas other group entities, usually 
operating subsidiaries, are not subject to resolution action. Instead, the losses of those subsidiaries are 
transferred to the resolution entity and capital is down streamed to the subsidiary. Under the MPE resolution 
strategy, more than one entity of the banking group may be resolved. The SRB and all relevant national 
resolution authorities of the resolution college have reached a joint decision that an MPE approach is the 
preferred resolution strategy for NLB Resolution Group. Therefore, NLB Resolution Group pursues the 
MPE approach.  
Changes in the regulatory framework within which the NLB Group operates could have a material 
adverse effect on NLB and/or the NLB Group 
NLB and the NLB Group are exposed to risks relating to changes in the regulatory framework within which 
they operate, including: 
• 
changes in the monetary, interest rate, capital requirements and other policies of central banks and 
regulatory authorities; 
• 
changes in laws and regulations or changes in regulatory regimes that could significantly influence 
investor decision-making in the markets within which the NLB Group operates or increase the 
costs of operating in those markets (for more information with regard to recent legislative proposals 
see "Recent Developments");

--- Page 32 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
• 
changes to the regulatory requirements that the NLB Group must meet, such as prudential rules 
relating to capital requirements creating more onerous obligations than expected, the compliance 
with which may increase the NLB Group's capital requirements, expose it to additional costs and 
liabilities, and require it to change how it conducts its business, including the reduction of risk and 
leverage of certain activities, or otherwise have an adverse impact on its business, the products and 
services it offers and the value of its assets; 
• 
changes in laws and regulations that may influence the way in which the NLB Group provides 
banking, payment, investment and other services which increase the cost and/or risks associated 
with providing such services (for more information with regard to recent legislative proposals see 
"Recent Developments"); 
• 
restrictions on business growth or pricing and additional requirements to operate in a way that 
prioritises objectives other than shareholder value creation; 
• 
changes to financial reporting standards; 
• 
changes in competition and pricing environments, such as the harmonisation of card payment 
interchange fees; 
• 
differentiation amongst credit institutions by governments with respect to the extension of 
guarantees to bank customer deposits and the terms attaching to such guarantees, including 
requirements for certain members of the NLB Group to accept exposure to the risk of the failure 
of any third-party participants in such guarantee schemes; 
• 
the design and implementation of government-mandated resolution or insolvency regimes; 
• 
implementation of, or costs related to, local customer or depositor compensation or reimbursement 
schemes; 
• 
regulations relating to, and enforcement of, data protection, anti-bribery, AML, CTF or other 
similar regimes; 
• 
expropriation, nationalisation, confiscation of assets and changes in legislation relating to 
ownership; and 
• 
other unfavourable political, military or diplomatic developments producing social instability or 
legal uncertainty that, in turn, may affect demand for the NLB Group's products and services. 
The financial services industry continues to be the focus of significant regulatory change and scrutiny which 
may adversely affect the NLB Group's business, financial performance, capital and risk management 
strategies (see "The Issuer is subject to a number of strict and extensive regulatory rules and 
requirements"). 
The NLB Group prepares long-term capital plan projections, monitors regulatory and internal capital usage 
on at least quarterly basis and prepares projections where changes to capital requirements or ECB/EBA 
guidelines are anticipated. Nevertheless, changes to capital requirements or other conditions, if 
implemented, could force the NLB Group to acquire additional capital, which may be unavailable in the 
future or unavailable at an attractive rate or within the time frame necessary in order to ensure compliance 
with such requirements (see "NLB may be required to increase its capital in future for a range of different 
reasons, including as a result of changing regulatory requirements, and may experience material difficulty 
in raising any such additional capital and other NLB Group banks are subject to capital requirements in 
their own jurisdictions of operation and any failure by one or more of these banks to maintain appropriate 
levels of capital could have a material adverse effect on the NLB Group"). 
In the regulatory environment in the rest of the region where the NLB Group operates (non-EU countries), 
regulatory changes are taking place in the direction of harmonisation with EU legislation. Local regulatory 
authorities made changes in areas: (i) prudential and macroeconomic measures to ensure stable functioning 
of the financial systems; (ii) changes in regulatory reporting and risk management rules (such as liquidity, 
operational risk, climate and environmental risks, collateral valuation, outsourcing, ICAAP/ILAAP, LCR); 
(iii) deposit guarantee schemes; (iv) bank recovery and resolution law; (v) bankruptcy and liquidation law;

--- Page 33 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
(vi) electronic money issuance and electronic payment systems; (vii) NPL and restructuring prudential 
treatment; and (viii) personal data protection, harmonising with GDPR. 
Changes to the regulatory framework within which the NLB Group operates may have a material effect on 
NLB's and the NLB Group's business and operations. No assurance can be given that laws and regulations 
will be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a manner that will not have an adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition, cash flows and results of operations of the NLB Group. 
The NLB Group is exposed to risks related to tax regulations 
The NLB Group is subject to financial reporting regulations and tax liabilities in all of the jurisdictions in 
which it operates. If the governments of these jurisdictions increase tax rates or impose additional taxes, 
this could thus reduce the NLB Group's profitability. Revisions to tax legislation or to its interpretation 
might also affect the NLB Group's financial condition in the future. In addition, the NLB Group is subject 
to tax audits. As a general rule, a tax inspection, which could result in additional tax assessments, may be 
initiated at any time within four to six years from the date of tax statement or from the year in which tax 
should have been assessed. Any such assessments could be material and might also affect the NLB Group's 
financial condition in the future. In 2023 the balance sheet tax was introduced in Slovenia for the years 
2024-2028 (see "Description of the Issuer and the NLB Group"). As with other taxes, also the legislation 
on balance sheet tax can be revised which might affect the NLB Group's financial condition in the future. 
Negative dispositions from tax authorities or unanticipated changes to financial reporting regulations and 
tax liabilities in any of the jurisdictions in which it operates could have a material adverse effect on the 
NLB Group's business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations or cash flow. 
Risks relating to IT infrastructure in connection with payment services 
In 2018, Directive (EU) 2015/2366 (Payment Services Directive II – "PSD II"), respective regulatory 
technical standards and The Payment Services, Services of Issuing Electronic Money and Payment Systems 
Act (Zakon o plačilnih storitvah, storitvah izdajanja elektronskega denarja in plačilnih sistemih – 
ZPlaSSIED) came into force. Following these new regulatory requirements, the Issuer implemented its 
concept of "open banking" which provides access to the bank's clients' accounts (upon such clients' consent) 
to third party providers of payment services, offering payment initiation and account information services. 
Due to the additional technical interfaces required for these types of services, there is an increased risk of 
cyberattacks and failure in the IT structure. While the Issuer has introduced management measures to 
monitor these risks and no major incidents related to these new channels were registered so far, there can 
be no guarantee that these services operate without interruption or cyberattacks in the future. 
Besides the realisation of regulatory requirements, the Issuer is striving to adequately respond to payment 
standards and infrastructure changes which are essential for payments processing. In this respect, in 2022, 
the Issuer adhered to the EPC (European Payments Council) SEPA Inst scheme and to the ECB payment 
system for instant payments TIPS (T2 instant payments settlement), which enables cross-border payment 
transactions in Euro to be processed instantly. Significant effort was also put in necessary adaptations and 
adjustments in banks payments process and its IT infrastructure (applications) in order to be set for the new 
requirements arising from TARGET2 and TARGET2 Securities consolidation, which was successfully 
done on 20 March 2023. Migration to ISO XML (Extensive mark-up language of The International 
Organization for Standardization) messaging standard instead of SWIFT standard for international 
payments is still ahead. 
Recently, Regulation (EU) 2024/886 (Instant Payments Regulation) entered into force, namely on 8 April 
2024, introducing certain requirements towards payment services providers (such as verification of payees), 
which the Issuer will be required to comply with from 2025 onwards. Additionally, new regulatory changes 
are expected as the EC has already published a set of new legislative proposals, notably the Payment 
Services Regulation ("PSR"), Third Payment Services Directive ("PSD3"), and the proposal on the 
Financial Data Access ("FIDA").  
PSR, PSD3 and FIDA foresee changes to the foundational framework of the European payments market 
and will have a material impact on the players subject to it, both from a legal and operational perspective. 
Further, such large-scale changes are accompanied by an increased risk of failure of upgraded systems or 
new components of IT systems.

--- Page 34 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
Demand for digital and online customer experiences caused extensive increase of new digital services and 
onboarding capabilities, while fulfilling consumer expectations for fast, easy and secure interactions. 
However, the rapid rise in digital activity has created new opportunities for fraudsters, exposing businesses 
and consumers to increased risks of fraud, identity theft and data breaches. The fraud landscape is constantly 
shifting as criminals look for new ways to slip through security loopholes in financial products and services, 
and target consumers with scams.   
Therefore, the Issuer is exposed to ineffective risk management in the prevention of abuses, which may be 
the result of inadequate security protection, inadequate internal processes or systems, poor communication 
and human errors. 
In addition, an on-site solution audit by a regulator could result in the imposition of additional regulatory 
requirements relating to payment services on the NLB Group. 
Risks relating to changes in consumer financing regulation 
To minimise the growth of excessive consumer lending, the BSI adopted the Regulation on macroprudential 
restrictions on consumer lending (Sklep o makrobonitetnih omejitvah kreditiranja potrošnikov) replacing 
the previous Regulations on macroprudential restrictions on household lending (Sklep o makrobonitetnih 
omejitvah kreditiranja prebivalstva) and the Regulation laying down the minimum creditworthiness 
amount for consumers (Sklep o določitvi zneska minimalne kreditne sposobnosti potrošnika), which both 
entered into force on 1 July 2023. Regulation on macroprudential restrictions on consumer lending 
stipulates the following binding macroprudential instruments: (i) a maximum ratio of annual debt servicing 
costs to a consumer's annual income (DSTI) when a loan agreement is concluded; (ii) limits on maturity, 
and (iii) limits and rules on creditworthiness calculations. This effectively sets binding minimum credit 
standards. While Regulation laying down the minimum creditworthiness amount for consumers sets out the 
minimum amount of income that consumers must be left with each month after paying all instalments under 
credit agreements. 
The regulation may therefore have a negative impact on demand for consumer lending products in Slovenia, 
and thus have an adverse effect on the business and results of operations of the NLB Group. 
 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
2.1 
Risks relating to all Notes 
Holders of the Notes are exposed to the risk of statutory loss absorption 
The Single Resolution Mechanism shall provide the relevant resolution authorities with uniform and 
effective resolution tools and resolution powers in order to achieve the resolution objectives. 
The main resolution tool is the bail-in tool. When applying the bail-in tool, the resolution authority pursuant 
to Article 4(1)(130) of the CRR which is responsible for recovery or resolution of the Issuer on an individual 
and/or consolidated basis (the "Resolution Authority") shall exercise the write-down and conversion 
powers in accordance with the following sequence (also called "loss absorbing cascade"): (i) CET 1 items; 
(ii) AT 1 instruments; (iii) Tier 2 instruments; (iv) other subordinated debt (that is not AT 1 or Tier 2 
capital); (v) unsecured claims resulting from debt instruments which meet the conditions pursuant to 
Article 230(2)(9) of the Resolution and Compulsory Winding-Up of Banks Act (Zakon o reševanju in 
prisilnem prenehanju bank – the "ZRPPB-1") (so-called "non-preferred senior debt instruments"); (vi) 
other claims resulting from debt instruments and similar financial instruments (Article 230(2)(8) of 
ZRPPB-1); and (vii) the rest of bail-inable liabilities in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal 
insolvency proceedings, including the ranking of deposits, all in accordance with the Article 230(2) of 
ZRPPB-1, to the extent required. 
Furthermore, where the Issuer meets the conditions for resolution and the resolution authority decides to 
apply to the Issuer a resolution tool which would result in losses being borne by creditors or their claims 
being converted, the resolution authority shall exercise the write down or conversion power in relation to 
relevant capital instruments (i.e. CET 1, AT 1 and Tier 2 instruments) and eligible liabilities together with 
or before applying such other resolution tool.

--- Page 35 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
If the power of write-down or conversion of relevant capital instruments or the bail-in tool is applied to the 
Issuer, the principal amount and other outstanding payment obligations of the Issuer (including interest and 
other amounts) in respect of the Notes may be fully or partially written down or converted into instruments 
of ownership, although claims of other creditors of the Issuer might not be affected. 
Holders of the Notes are exposed to the risk that the Issuer may issue further debt instruments or incur 
further liabilities 
There may be no restrictions (contractual or otherwise) on the amount of ordinary unsecured, senior non-
preferred or subordinated debt or other liabilities that the Issuer may (or may have to) issue, borrow and/or 
incur, ranking pari passu with or senior to the Notes. 
Any issue of such instruments and/or any incurring such liabilities may reduce the amount recoverable by 
Holders of the Notes upon the Issuer's insolvency. 
Holders of the Notes have no ownership or voting rights 
An investment into the Notes is an investment into debt instruments, which does not confer any legal or 
beneficial interest in the equity of the Issuer or any of the subsidiaries thereof or any voting rights or rights 
to receive dividends or other rights which may arise from equity instruments. Holders of the Notes therefore 
cannot influence any decisions by the Issuer concerning the capital structure or any other matters relating 
to the Issuer. The Notes represent an unsecured debt obligation of the Issuer, granting the Holders of the 
Notes only such rights as set forth in the relevant Final Terms. The value of the Notes might be affected by 
the actions of the shareholders of the Issuer over which the investors do not have control. 
The Notes do not give the right to accelerate future payments, and also may not be subject to set-off or 
any guarantee 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not provide for any events of default and the Holders of the 
Notes do not have the right to accelerate any future scheduled payment of interest or principal. 
Furthermore, the Notes are not subject to any set off or netting arrangements that would undermine their 
capacity to absorb losses in resolution, insolvency or liquidation and are neither secured nor subject to a 
guarantee or any other arrangement that enhances the seniority of the claims under the Notes. 
Holders of the Notes agree to be bound by the exercise of any power to write down or convert or any 
taking of any resolution action in respect of the Notes 
In recognition of the resolution powers granted by law to the Resolution Authority, by acquiring the Notes, 
each Holder acknowledges and accepts that the principal amount and other outstanding payment obligations 
of the Issuer (including interest and other amounts) in respect of the Notes may be subject to the exercise 
of the write-down and conversion powers by the Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents 
and agrees to be bound by the exercise of the power to write down or convert or the taking of any resolution 
action in respect of the Notes. Each Holder further acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be bound 
by the variation of the terms of the Notes, if necessary, to give effect to the exercise of the write-down and 
conversion powers by the Resolution Authority. 
The Notes may not be redeemed at the option of the Holders of the Notes 
Holders of the Notes will have no rights to demand the early redemption of their Notes. 
Therefore, potential investors should not invest in the Notes in the expectation that they have a redemption 
right. Furthermore, Holders of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial 
risks of an investment in the Notes until their final maturity.

--- Page 36 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
2.2 
Risks relating to the regulatory classification of the Notes 
2.2.1 
Particular risks relating to the Eligible Notes 
In case of insolvency proceedings of the Issuer, certain expenses, deposits and certain other claims have 
a higher ranking than claims resulting from the Eligible Notes 
In the event of normal insolvency proceedings of the Issuer (being bankruptcy proceedings (stečaj) or 
compulsory liquidation (prisilna likvidacija)), the proceeds of the sale of the Issuer's assets will first be 
applied for settlement of any outstanding expenses of compulsory liquidation and bankruptcy proceedings 
and then distributed among the creditors according to the ranking of their claims. Consequently, for the 
purposes of such distribution, the claims on the principal amount of the Eligible Notes and any unpaid 
interest thereon will rank junior to the following categories of claims: 
(i) 
preferential claims, such as claims arising from salaries and severance payments and related taxes 
and contributions; 
(ii) covered deposits, i.e. deposits guaranteed under the deposits guarantee scheme; 
(iii) claims with an original maturity of less than seven days and held by (x) an institution which is not 
part of the same group or (y) a payment or settlement system or an operator or participant of that 
system, if the claims are the result of participation of the resolution entity in the payment or 
settlement system and the rules on finality of settlement of orders apply to the settlement in the 
system in the event of insolvency or other procedure for winding-up of the member in accordance 
with the law governing payment systems and services or the law governing the market in financial 
instruments; 
(iv) deposits which are not excluded from protection pursuant to Article 5 of Directive 2014/49/EU 
(the "eligible deposits") from depositors who are natural persons or legal persons meeting the 
criteria for micro, small and medium-sized enterprises as defined in the law governing companies 
in amounts in excess of the covered deposits, including deposits which would have been eligible 
if they had not been made with a branch of the bank in a third country; 
(v) 
other eligible deposits; 
(vi) deposits which do not qualify as eligible deposits or liabilities referred to in sub-paragraph (iii) 
above; and 
(vii) unsecured claims, other than claims arising from debt securities and other similar financial 
instruments issued by the Issuer; 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes shall additionally rank junior to any claims arising from unsubordinated debt 
instruments and other similar financial instruments issued by the Issuer other than any Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes or other obligations ranking pari passu with the Non-Preferred Senior Notes (as referenced in Article 
230(8) ZRPPB-1). 
Therefore, in case of normal insolvency proceedings (being bankruptcy proceedings (stečaj) or compulsory 
liquidation (prisilna likvidacija)) opened in relation to the Issuer, payments in respect of the Eligible Notes 
will only be made if and after outstanding expenses of compulsory liquidation and bankruptcy proceedings 
as well as any claims ranking in priority to the claims under the Eligible Notes (as listed in sub-paragraphs 
(i) to (vii) above, and in respect of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, also the any claims arising from unsecured 
debt instruments and other similar financial instruments as described in the preceding paragraph) will be 
settled in full. The Eligible Notes are also not considered either guaranteed deposits which are part of the 
system of guaranteed deposits in the Republic of Slovenia, or a part of the guarantee scheme of the Republic 
of Slovenia. As a result of the above the Holders of the Eligible Notes may recover less than the full amount 
of their claims under the Eligible Notes or nothing at all. 
Any rights of the Issuer to redeem early or repurchase the Eligible Notes are subject to the prior 
permission of the Resolution Authority (or any other relevant supervisory authority) 
Prospective investors should not invest in the Eligible Notes in the expectation that any early redemption 
right will be exercised by the Issuer.

--- Page 37 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, redeem the Eligible Notes early at any time either for reasons of 
taxation or regulatory reasons. In addition, if such right is foreseen in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
may at its sole discretion redeem the Eligible Notes before their stated maturity on a specified optional 
redemption date or for reasons of a minimal outstanding aggregate principal amount. 
Any early redemption and any repurchase of the Eligible Notes is subject to the prior permission of the 
Resolution Authority (or any other relevant supervisory authority), all if and as applicable from time to 
time to the Issuer. Under the CRR, the Resolution Authority may only permit institutions to redeem or 
repurchase instruments (such as the Eligible Notes) if certain conditions prescribed by the CRR are 
complied with. These conditions, as well as a number of other technical rules and standards relating to 
regulatory capital requirements applicable to the Issuer, should be taken into account by the Resolution 
Authority in its assessment of whether or not to permit any redemption or repurchase. It is uncertain how 
the Resolution Authority will apply these criteria in practice and such rules and standards may change 
during the maturity of the Eligible Notes. It is therefore difficult to predict whether, and if so, on what 
terms, the Resolution Authority will grant its prior permission for any redemption or repurchase of the 
Eligible Notes. 
Furthermore, even if the Issuer would be granted the prior permission of the Resolution Authority, any 
decision by the Issuer as to whether it will redeem the Eligible Notes early will be made at the sole discretion 
of the Issuer with regard to external factors (such as the economic and market impact of exercising a 
redemption right, regulatory capital requirements and prevailing market conditions). The Issuer disclaims, 
and investors should therefore not expect (and not invest in the expectation), that the Issuer will exercise 
any early redemption right in relation to the Notes. 
Market making by the Issuer for the Eligible Notes is subject to the prior permission of the Resolution 
Authority and certain conditions and thresholds 
Eligible Notes may be repurchased by the Issuer (also for market making purposes) only subject to certain 
conditions, such as the prior permission of the Resolution Authority, and within certain thresholds. 
These conditions and thresholds also restrict the Issuer's possibility for market making for the Eligible 
Notes. Such restrictions may have a negative impact on the liquidity of the Eligible Notes and may lead to 
inadequate or delayed market prices for the Eligible Notes. 
In the event that the Eligible Notes are redeemed prior to their maturity, Holders of the Eligible Notes 
may be exposed to certain risks, including the risk that their investment will have a lower than expected 
yield 
If (i) there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Eligible Notes which becomes effective on or 
after the issue date that would be likely to result or has resulted in their exclusion in full or in part from 
eligible liabilities according to the SRMR for purposes of the MREL pursuant to the SRMR (on an 
individual and/or consolidated basis of the Issuer) (ii) there is a change in the applicable tax treatment of 
the Eligible Notes as and which becomes effective on or after the issue date, and provided that in each case 
the conditions to early redemption and repurchase set forth in the relevant Final Terms are met, there is a 
risk that the Eligible Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, and at their Specified 
Denomination, together with accrued interest thereon, if any, prior to the maturity date. In addition, the 
Issuer may redeem the Eligible Notes early in whole at their Specified Denomination together with accrued 
interest thereon to but excluding the date specified for the redemption, if any, on (any of) the specified 
optional redemption date(s) or for reasons of minimal outstanding aggregate principal amount, provided 
that the conditions for early redemption and repurchase set forth in the relevant Final Terms are met. 
If the Eligible Notes are redeemed prior to their maturity, a Holder of the Eligible Notes is exposed to the 
risk that due to the early redemption Holder's investment will have a lower than expected yield and to the 
risks connected with any reinvestment of the cash proceeds received as a result of the early redemption. 
Such cash proceeds may be lower than the then prevailing market price of the Notes immediately prior to 
the publication of a notice of redemption.

--- Page 38 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
2.2.2 
Particular risks relating to the Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer if the Issuer does not obtain the 
permission of the Competent Authority to include the Subordinated Notes in whole in the calculation of 
its Tier 2 capital 
If the Issuer does not obtain the permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 149(2) of ZBan-
3 to include the Subordinated Notes in whole in the calculation of its Tier 2 capital pursuant to the CRR by 
a specific date, the Issuer may, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, redeem the Subordinated 
Notes at their Specified Denomination, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, any time 
prior to the maturity date. As a result, Holders of the Subordinated Notes are exposed to the risk that their 
investment will have a lower than expected yield (see – "Risk Factors – In the event that the Subordinated 
Notes are redeemed prior to their maturity, Holders of the Subordinated Notes may be exposed to certain 
risks, including the risk that their investment will have a lower than expected yield" below). 
Holders of the Subordinated Notes are subject to risks resulting from the subordination of the 
Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. In the event 
of normal insolvency proceedings of the Issuer (being bankruptcy proceedings (stečaj) or compulsory 
liquidation (prisilna likvidacija)) any claims on the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes and any 
unpaid interest under the Subordinated Notes will rank: (a) junior to all present or future claims from: (i) 
unsubordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer; and (ii) eligible liabilities instruments of the Issuer 
pursuant to Article 72b of the CRR; and (iii) subordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer that rank 
senior to Tier 2 instruments (such as claims that do not result from an own funds item of the Issuer); (b) 
pari passu: (i) among themselves; and (ii) with all other present or future claims from Tier 2 instruments 
of the Issuer; and (c) senior to all present or future claims from: (i) Additional Tier 1 ("AT 1") instruments 
of the Issuer pursuant to Article 52 of the CRR; and (ii) ordinary shares of the Issuer and any other CET 1 
instruments of the Issuer pursuant to Article 28 of the CRR; and (iii) all other subordinated instruments or 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu with the instruments or obligations referred to in clauses (i) and 
(ii) of this clause (c) or otherwise ranking or expressed to rank junior to the obligations of the Issuer under 
the Notes. 
Further, according to Article 48(7) the BRRD, EU Member States shall ensure that all claims resulting from 
own funds items (such as the Subordinated Notes and to the extent the Subordinated Notes qualify as own 
funds items) have, in normal insolvency proceedings, a lower priority ranking than any claim that does not 
result from an own funds item. As a result, EU Member States should ensure that claims resulting from 
Tier 2 instruments which are not recognised as own funds items, rank in priority to Tier 2 instruments which 
are recognised as own funds items. A provision having such effect has not been fully included in the 
ZRPPB-1 which purports to implement the BRRD. According to the first subparagraph of 
Article 48(7) BRRD, EU Member States shall ensure that, for (among others) institutions established in the 
European Union, all claims resulting from own funds items have, in national laws governing normal 
insolvency proceedings, a lower priority ranking than any claim that does not result from an own funds 
item. According to the second subparagraph of Article 48(7) BRRD, to the extent that an instrument is only 
partly recognised as an own funds item, the whole instrument shall be treated as a claim resulting from an 
own funds item and shall rank lower than any claim that does not result from an own funds item. The 
wording of the ZRPPB-1 does not contain the part of the second subparagraph of the Article 48(7) BRRD 
stating "and shall rank lower than any claim that does not result from an own funds item" and, moreover, 
expressly provides that the claims resulting from Tier 2 instruments shall, in the case of insolvency 
proceedings, have equal priority ranking as other claims which, according to the applicable contractual 
provisions, rank equally with Tier 2 instruments. Therefore, ZRPPB-1 might be interpreted either (i) in a 
way that in the case of full derecognition of the Subordinated Notes from own funds, there is no mandatory 
override of the contractually agreed ranking in the relevant Final Terms which generally state that the 
Subordinated Notes shall rank pari passu with all other present or future claims from Tier 2 instruments of 
the Issuer, or (ii) in a way that subordinated claims resulting from other (former) own funds items of the 
Issuer, which would no longer be fully recognised as such, would rank prior to the Subordinated Notes. 
Therefore, claims resulting from the Subordinated Notes may (depending on the above possible 
interpretation) potentially rank junior also to certain subordinated claims, including any obligations of the 
Issuer under the claims that result from other Tier 2 instruments, which are no longer fully recognised as 
own funds items, if any.

--- Page 39 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
Holders of the Subordinated Notes must be aware that, in the circumstances described above, (a) the Issuer 
will make payments in respect of the Subordinated Notes only in accordance with the subordination 
described above, and (b) the rights of the Holders of the Subordinated Notes under the Subordinated Notes 
will be subject to the provisions of the ZRPPB-1 and the SRMR (as the Issuer may be subject to resolution 
tools and powers stipulated therein (see "Risk Factors – In the event of the Issuer's resolution, the Notes 
could be subject to write-down and conversion powers")) and subsequently, the rights of the Holders of the 
Subordinated Notes under the Subordinated Notes may be subject to the provisions of other (national) 
insolvency laws applicable to the Issuer from time to time. In a liquidation, dissolution, bankruptcy, 
composition, resolution or other proceeding for the avoidance of bankruptcy of, or against, the Issuer, it is 
very likely that the Holders of the Subordinated Notes may recover proportionately less than the holders of 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer or may recover nothing at all. 
There is the risk that an investor in the Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer 
become bankrupt 
Any person who purchases the Subordinated Notes is relying on the creditworthiness of the Issuer and has 
no rights against any other person under the Subordinated Notes. Investors in the Subordinated Notes are 
subject to the risk of a partial or total failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption payments that 
the Issuer is obliged to make under the Subordinated Notes. The Issuer's ability to meet its obligations 
arising from the Subordinated Notes and the ability of the Holders of the Subordinated Notes to receive 
payments arising from the Subordinated Notes depend on the financial position and the results of operations 
of the Issuer, which are subject to other risks described in this Prospectus. A materialisation of the credit 
risk may result in partial or total failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption payments under 
the Subordinated Notes.  
This risk is aggravated by the fact that the Subordinated Notes are unsecured and subordinated and the 
Subordinated Notes are not in any way covered by a guarantee of the Issuer, its associated persons or based 
on any other form of contract which, in the legal or economic view, would improve the level of priority of 
payments before other creditors or claims of other creditors of the Issuer. In the event of bankruptcy 
proceedings of the Issuer, the proceeds of the sale of the Issuer's assets will first be applied for settlement 
of any outstanding expenses of compulsory liquidation and bankruptcy proceedings and then distributed 
among the creditors according to the ranking of their claims. Consequently, for purposes of such 
distribution, the claims on the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes and any unpaid interest thereon 
will rank junior to the following categories of claims: 
(i) 
preferential claims, such as claims arising from salaries and severance payments and related taxes 
and contributions; 
(ii) covered deposits, i.e. deposits guaranteed under the deposits guarantee scheme;  
(iii) claims with an original maturity of less than seven days and held by (x) an institution which is not 
part of the same group or (y) a payment or settlement system or an operator or participant of that 
system, if the claims are the result of participation of the resolution entity in the payment or 
settlement system and the rules on finality of settlement of orders apply to the settlement in the 
system in the event of insolvency or other procedure for winding-up of the member in accordance 
with the law governing payment systems and services or the law governing the market in financial 
instruments;  
(iv) deposits which are not excluded from protection pursuant to Article 5 of Directive 2014/49/EU 
(the "eligible deposits") from depositors who are natural persons or legal persons meeting the 
criteria for micro, small and medium-sized enterprises as defined in the law governing companies 
in amounts in excess of the covered deposits, including deposits which would have been eligible 
if they had not been made with a branch of the bank in a third country;  
(v) 
other eligible deposits;  
(vi) deposits which do not qualify as eligible deposits or liabilities referred to in sub-paragraph (iii) 
above; and  
(vii) unsecured claims, other than claims arising from debt securities and similar instruments issued by 
the Issuer;

--- Page 40 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
(viii) unsecured claims from debt instruments and other similar financial instruments, except for 
instruments referred to in sub-paragraph (ix) below; 
(ix) unsecured claims from debt instruments fulfilling the following conditions (so called senior non-
preferred instruments): (x) having their original maturity of at least one year; (y) not having 
implemented characteristics of derivative financial instruments or not being themselves a 
derivative financial instrument, and (z) having in their contractual or issue documentation 
explicitly stated that they shall in the case of compulsory winding-up of the bank be repaid after 
the claims from sub-paragraphs (i) – (viii) above and before claims as stated in Article 230 (2) (10) 
of ZRPPB-1, which include claims from sub-paragraph (x) below, Tier 2 instruments and 
Additional Tier 1 instruments; and 
(x) subordinated claims which according to the applicable contractual provisions rank junior to claims 
from the above sub-paragraphs (i) – (ix) and do not fulfil conditions to be qualified (I) as Tier 2 
instruments or Additional Tier 1 instruments, or (II) as other subordinated claims which, according 
to the applicable contractual provisions, rank equally with the Tier 2 instruments or Additional Tier 
1 instruments. 
Furthermore, such claims may, depending on the interpretation of the relevant provisions of ZRPPB-1 (see 
"Risk Factors – Holders of the Subordinated Notes are subject to risks resulting from the subordination of 
the Subordinated Notes"), potentially rank junior also to certain subordinated claims, including any 
obligations of the Issuer under the claims that result from other Tier 2 instruments, which are no longer 
fully not recognised as own funds items, if any. 
Also, the Subordinated Notes are not considered either guaranteed deposits which are part of the system of 
guaranteed deposits in the Republic of Slovenia, or a part of the guarantee scheme of the Republic of 
Slovenia. As a result of the above, there is a risk that the Holders of the Subordinated Notes could lose part 
or all of their investments in the Subordinated Notes. 
Any rights of the Issuer to redeem early or repurchase the Subordinated Notes are subject to the prior 
permission of the Competent Authority (or any other relevant supervisory authority) 
Prospective investors should not invest in the Subordinated Notes in the expectation that any early 
redemption right will be exercised by the Issuer. 
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, redeem the Subordinated Notes early at any time either for reasons 
of taxation or regulatory reasons. In addition, if such right is foreseen in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
may at its sole discretion redeem the Subordinated Notes before their stated maturity on a specified optional 
redemption date or for reasons of a minimal outstanding aggregate principal amount. 
If the Issuer redeems the Subordinated Notes early, a Holder of the Subordinated Notes is exposed to the 
risk that, due to such redemption, its investment may have a lower than expected yield. The Issuer might 
redeem the Subordinated Notes if the yield on comparable notes in the capital markets falls, which means 
that the Holder of the Subordinated Notes may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in notes 
with a lower yield or with a similar yield of a higher risk. 
Any early redemption and any repurchase of the Subordinated Notes is subject to the prior permission of 
the competent authority pursuant to Article 4(1)(40) CRR and/or Article 9(1) SSMR, in each case, which 
is responsible to supervise the Issuer on an individual basis and/or (sub-)consolidated basis 
(the "Competent Authority") (or any other relevant supervisory authority), all if and as applicable from 
time to time to the Issuer. Under the CRR, the Competent Authority may only permit institutions to redeem 
or repurchase instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) if certain conditions prescribed by the CRR are 
complied with. These conditions, as well as a number of other technical rules and standards relating to 
regulatory capital requirements applicable to the Issuer, should be taken into account by the Competent 
Authority in its assessment of whether or not to permit any redemption or repurchase. It is uncertain how 
the Competent Authority will apply these criteria in practice and such rules and standards may change 
during the maturity of the Subordinated Notes. It is therefore difficult to predict whether, and if so, on what 
terms, the Competent Authority will grant its prior permission for any redemption or repurchase of the 
Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 41 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
Furthermore, even if the Issuer would be granted the prior permission of the Competent Authority, any 
decision by the Issuer as to whether it will redeem the Subordinated Notes early will be made at the sole 
discretion of the Issuer with regard to external factors (such as the economic and market impact of 
exercising a redemption right, regulatory capital requirements and prevailing market conditions). The Issuer 
disclaims, and investors should therefore not expect (and not invest in the expectation), that the Issuer will 
exercise any early redemption right in relation to the Subordinated Notes. 
Market making by the Issuer for the Subordinated Notes is subject to the prior permission of the 
Competent Authority and certain conditions and thresholds 
Subordinated Notes may be repurchased by the Issuer (also for market making purposes) only subject to 
certain conditions, such as the prior permission of the Competent Authority, and within certain thresholds. 
These conditions and thresholds also restrict the Issuer's possibility for market making for the Subordinated 
Notes. Such restrictions may have a negative impact on the liquidity of the Subordinated Notes and may 
lead to inadequate or delayed market prices for the Subordinated Notes. 
In the event that the Subordinated Notes are redeemed prior to their maturity, Holders of the 
Subordinated Notes may be exposed to certain risks, including the risk that their investment will have a 
lower than expected yield 
If (i) the Issuer fails to obtain the permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 149(2) ZBan-
3 to include the Notes in whole in the calculation of its Tier 2 capital pursuant to Article 71 CRR by a 
specific date as specified in the Final Terms; or (ii) there is a change in the regulatory classification of the 
Subordinated Notes which becomes effective on or after the issue date that would be likely to result in their 
exclusion in full or in part from own funds or reclassification as a lower quality form of own funds (in each 
case, on an individual and/or consolidated basis of the Issuer) (other than as a consequence of the 
amortisation in accordance with Article 64 CRR); or (iii) there is a change in the applicable tax treatment 
of the Subordinated Notes and which becomes effective on or after the issue date, and provided that in each 
case the conditions to early redemption and repurchase set forth in the Terms and Conditions are met, there 
is a risk that the Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, and at their Specified 
Denomination, together with accrued interest thereon, if any, prior to the maturity date. In addition, the 
Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes early in whole at their Specified Denomination together with 
accrued interest thereon to but excluding the date specified for the redemption, if any, on the specified 
optional redemption date or for reasons of minimal outstanding aggregate principal amount, provided that 
the conditions for early redemption and repurchase set forth in the relevant Final Terms are met. 
If the Subordinated Notes are redeemed prior to their maturity, a Holder of the Subordinated Notes is 
exposed to the risk that due to the early redemption the Holder's investment will have a lower than expected 
yield and to the risks connected with any reinvestment of the cash proceeds received as a result of the early 
redemption. Such cash proceeds may be lower than the then prevailing market price of the Subordinated 
Notes immediately prior to the publication of a notice of redemption. 
2.3 
Risks relating to the nature of the Notes 
Liquidity risk 
Application for the Programme has been made in order for any Notes to be issued under the Programme to 
be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, to be traded on the Regulated Market 
"Bourse de Luxembourg" of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and application may be made to admit the 
Notes on any other stock exchange. Notes may however not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the Notes 
are listed or not, there can be no assurance that any liquid secondary market for the Notes will develop. 
Further, the Notes could trade at prices that may be higher or lower than the initial offering price depending 
on several factors, including prevailing interest rates, the Issuer's operating results, the market for similar 
securities and other factors, including general economic conditions, performance and prospects, as well as 
recommendations of securities analysts. The liquidity of, and the trading market for, the Notes may also be 
adversely affected by declines in the market for debt securities generally. Such a decline may affect any 
liquidity and trading of the Notes independent of the Issuer's financial performance and prospects.

--- Page 42 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
The fact that the Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater liquidity as compared to unlisted 
Notes. If the Notes are not listed on any stock exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, however, 
be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. In an illiquid market, an 
investor might not be able to sell its Notes at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Notes 
might additionally be restricted by country specific reasons. Further, the listing of any Notes on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, or the Regulated Market "Bourse de Luxembourg" of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange may, dependent on the circumstances of an 
individual case, be suspended or discontinued.  
Investors should note that difficult global credit market conditions and interest rate outlook may adversely 
affect the liquidity not only in the primary market but also in the secondary market for debt securities issued 
by the Issuer and may affect the liquidity of any primary or secondary market in which Notes to be issued 
by the Issuer may be traded. The Issuer cannot predict when these circumstances will change. 
Market price risk 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of levels of the 
current market interest rate on the capital market for issues of the same maturity ("Market Interest Rate"), 
development of an underlying, the policy of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates, 
interest rates or the lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Note. The Holders are therefore 
exposed to the risk of an unfavourable development of market prices of its Notes which materialises if the 
Holder sells the Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If the Holder decides to hold the Notes until 
final maturity the Notes shall be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Holders of Notes with a fixed interest rate are particularly exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes 
falls as a result of changes in the Market Interest Rate levels. While the nominal interest rate of a Note with 
a fixed interest rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Notes, the 
current interest rate on the capital market typically changes on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate 
changes, the price of Notes with a fixed interest rate also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the 
Market Interest Rate increases, the price of Notes with a fixed interest rate typically falls, until the yield of 
such Notes is approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate of comparable issues. If the Market Interest 
Rate falls, the price of Notes with a fixed interest rate typically increases, until the yield of such Notes is 
approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate of comparable issues. If Holders of Notes with a fixed 
interest rate hold such Notes until maturity, changes in the Market Interest Rate are without relevance to 
such Holders as the Notes will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount 
of such Notes. 
Currency risk 
A Holder of Notes denominated in a foreign currency is exposed to the risk of changes in currency exchange 
rates which may affect the yield of such Notes. Changes in currency exchange rates result from various 
factors such as macroeconomic factors, speculative transactions and interventions by central banks and 
governments. 
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the local currency of a Holder, for example, will 
result in a corresponding change in the local currency value of Notes denominated in a currency other than 
the local currency and a corresponding change in the local currency value of interest and principal payments 
made in a currency other than in the local currency in accordance with the terms of such Notes. If the 
underlying exchange rate falls and the value of the local currency correspondingly rises, the price of the 
Notes and the value of interest and principal payments made thereunder expressed in the local currency 
falls. 
The payments in relation to the Notes may be subject to Slovenian rules on payments in foreign currencies 
where as a result payments in relation to the Notes may need to be effected in the local currency thus 
exposing the investors to exchange rate and inflation risk. 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive 
less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal at all.

--- Page 43 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
2.4 
Risks relating to the specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Following the regulation and reform of "benchmarks", including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(EURIBOR), benchmarks may perform differently than in the past or disappear entirely, or there could 
be other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on the Notes 
The Final Terms applicable to the Notes may provide that, following any reset date, interest amounts 
payable on the Notes may be calculated by reference to the annual swap rate for swap transactions 
denominated in Euro with a specified term, which appears on the Reuters Screen Page ICESWAP2. 
This swap-rate, the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) underlying the floating leg of this swap rate 
and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed "benchmarks" (each a 
"Benchmark" and together, the "Benchmarks") have become the subject of regulatory scrutiny and recent 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the Notes. 
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include the Benchmarks Regulation which is applicable 
since 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on the Notes, including in 
any of the following circumstances: 
• 
a rate or index which is a Benchmark may only be used if its administrator obtains authorisation 
or is registered and in case of an administrator which is based in a non-EU jurisdiction, if the 
administrator's legal benchmark system is considered equivalent (Article 30 Benchmarks 
Regulation), the administrator is recognised (Article 32 Benchmarks Regulation) or the relevant 
Benchmark is endorsed (Article 33 Benchmarks Regulation) (subject to applicable transitional 
provisions). If this is not the case, Notes linked to such Benchmarks could be impacted; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark could be changed in order to comply with the 
terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could have 
an impact on the Notes, including determination of the rate by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
or an independent adviser, as the case may be. 
In addition to the aforementioned Benchmarks Regulation, there are numerous other proposals, initiatives 
and investigations which may impact Benchmarks. 
Following the implementation of any such potential reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks 
may change, with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or Benchmarks could be 
eliminated entirely, or there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives, could have a 
material adverse effect on the costs of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark 
and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Investors should be aware that any changes to a 
relevant Benchmark may have a material adverse effect on the market price of the Notes. 
Under the Terms and Conditions, certain benchmark replacement provisions may apply if a Benchmark (or 
any component part thereof) used as a reference for the calculation of interest amounts payable under the 
Notes were to be discontinued or otherwise became unavailable: 
If a Benchmark Event occurs, the Issuer shall endeavour to determine in its reasonable discretion whether 
an officially recognised successor rate to the discontinued Benchmark exists, which, possibly after 
application of adjustments or spreads, can replace the discontinued Benchmark. 
If the Issuer determines in its reasonable discretion that there is no officially recognised successor rate to 
the discontinued Benchmark but that there may be an alternative rate, then the Issuer shall endeavour to 
appoint an independent adviser, which must be an independent credit institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets. The independent 
adviser will attempt to find an alternative rate which, possibly after application of adjustments or spreads, 
can replace the discontinued Benchmark. Any adjustments or spreads determined by the Issuer or the

--- Page 44 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
independent adviser, as the case may be, are intended to be applied in order to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement benchmark rate, however the relevant adjustments or spreads may not be successful in doing 
so and the Notes may still perform differently than if the original Benchmark had continued to be used. If 
the Issuer determines a successor rate or the independent adviser determines an alternative rate (the "New 
Benchmark Rate"), such rate will replace the previous Benchmark for purposes of determining the relevant 
rate of interest. Such determination will be binding for the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Calculation Agent and the Holders of the Notes. Any amendments pursuant to these fallback provisions 
will apply with effect from the respective effective date specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
If the Issuer does not appoint an independent adviser or if the Issuer or the independent adviser appointed 
by it do not determine a New Benchmark Rate, an Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if 
required) following a discontinuation of a relevant Benchmark, the reference rate applicable to the Reset 
Period shall be the applicable Fallback Rate. 
If, in the determination of the Issuer, the determination of the Reference Rate would cause a Regulatory 
Event or could reasonably be expected to entitle the Issuer to redeem the Notes for regulatory reasons and/or 
would prejudice the qualification of the Notes as tier 2 instruments and/or as eligible liabilities instruments, 
the Reference Rate applicable to the Reset Period shall be the applicable Fallback Rate. 
The replacement of a Benchmark used to calculate the interest under the Notes could have adverse effects 
on the economic return of the Holders of the Notes compared to the applicable original benchmark rate.  
The Notes may have a reference rate based on the CMT Rate; if such rate is unavailable or discontinued, 
this may adversely affect the value of and return on the Notes 
The Notes may have a reference rate based on the CMT Rate. The CMT Rate is the rate equal to the semi-
annual yield for U.S. Treasury Securities at "constant maturity" for a specified period to maturity as 
published in the H.15 under the caption "U.S. government securities-Treasury constant maturities-
Nominal", as such yield is displayed on the relevant Reset Determination Date on the Bloomberg L.P. 
service, or any successor service. 
To the extent the relevant CMT Rate does not appear on the relevant Bloomberg Screen, the CMT Rate for 
the relevant reset period will be determined using alternative methods. Any of these alternative methods 
may result in interest payments that are lower than or do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments 
that would have been made on the Notes if the otherwise applicable screen rate was available in its current 
form. Any of the foregoing may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
Notes with a fixed to fixed resettable interest 
Notes with a fixed to fixed resettable interest bear interest at a rate that converts from one fixed rate to 
another fixed rate at the specified time(s). Such conversion may affect the secondary market and the market 
value of the Notes. The spread on the Notes with a fixed to fixed resettable interest may be less favourable 
than then prevailing spreads on comparable Notes with a fixed interest rate relating to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new fixed rate at any time may be lower than the interest rates payable on other Notes. 
Risks related to the German Act on Debt Securities of 2009 
Since the Terms and Conditions of Notes issued under the Programme provide for meetings of Holders of 
a series of Notes or the taking of votes without a meeting, the Terms and Conditions of such Notes may be 
amended (as proposed or agreed by the Issuer) by majority resolution of the Holders of such Notes and any 
such majority resolution will be binding on all Holders. Any Holder is therefore subject to the risk that its 
rights against the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions of the relevant series of Notes are amended, 
reduced or even cancelled by a majority resolution of the Holders. Any such majority resolution will even 
be binding on Holders who have declared their claims arising under the Notes due and payable based on 
the occurrence of an event of default but who have not received payment from the Issuer prior to the 
amendment taking effect. According to the German Act on Debt Securities of 2009 (Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz) – "SchVG"), the relevant 
majority for Holders' resolutions is generally based on votes cast, rather than on the aggregate principal 
amount of the relevant Notes outstanding. Therefore, any such resolution may effectively be passed with 
the consent of less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Notes outstanding.

--- Page 45 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
Under the SchVG, an initial common representative (gemeinsamer Vertreter) of the Holders (the "Joint 
Representative") may be appointed in the Terms and Conditions.  
However, no initial Joint Representative might be appointed in the Terms and Conditions at the issue date. 
Any appointment of a Joint Representative at a later stage will, therefore, require a majority resolution of 
the Holders of the Notes. If the appointment of a Joint Representative is delayed, this may make it more 
difficult for Holders to take collective action to enforce their rights under the Notes. 
If a Joint Representative is appointed by majority decision of the Holders it is possible that Holders may be 
deprived of their individual right to pursue and enforce their rights under the Terms and Conditions against 
the Issuer, if such right was passed to the Joint Representative by majority vote who is then exclusively 
responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all the Holders. 
Under the SchVG, even if a default notice is given by a sufficient number of Holders, it could be rescinded 
by majority resolution within three months. A simple majority of votes would be sufficient for a resolution 
on the rescission of such acceleration but, in any case, more Holders would have to consent to a rescission 
than have delivered default notices. Holders should be aware that, as a result, they may not be able to 
accelerate their Notes upon the occurrence of certain events of default, unless the required quorum of 
Holders with respect to the Notes delivers default notices and such acceleration is not rescinded by majority 
resolution of the Holders. 
2.5 
Other material risks relating to the Notes 
The risk associated with withholding tax 
According to the Slovenian rules applicable to taxation of interest, the payment of interest under the Notes 
shall not be subject to withholding tax imposed by the Republic of Slovenia if the Notes are admitted to 
trading on a regulated market or traded in a multilateral trading facility in an EU Member State or a member 
of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. If, for any reason, the Notes are not 
admitted to trading on such market or traded on such trading facility, the person who is considered a 
Slovenian payer of interest under the Notes pursuant to the Slovenian tax regulations may be obliged to 
deduct from each payment of interest tax at the rate of 25 per cent. In particular, this would be the case if 
such withholding or deduction would have been required to be made pursuant to the laws applicable on the 
issue date of the Notes. Pursuant to the respective Conditions of the Notes, in such a situation the Issuer 
would be required to increase the relevant interest payments by additional amounts which would result in 
the receipt by the Holders of Notes of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding been required, however the Issuer's obligation to do so is subject to a number of exceptions set 
out in the respective Conditions of the Notes. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds with a specific use of proceeds, may not meet investor expectations or 
requirements  
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of net proceeds, such as a green bond there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that an amount equivalent to the 
net proceeds from an offer of such Tranche of Notes will be used to finance or re-finance Eligible Green 
Loans. The Issuer has established a Green Bond Framework which further specifies the eligibility criteria 
for such Eligible Green Loans based on the ICMA Green Bond Principles. For further information, see 
"Use of Proceeds" below. The Green Bond Framework and the Second Party Opinion (as defined below) 
can be accessed on the website of the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green Bond Framework 
nor the content of the website or any Second Party Opinion (as defined below) or any other document 
related thereto are incorporated by reference into or form part of this Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should refer to the information set out in this Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms 
and in the Green Bond Framework regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the 
relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other 
investigation such investor deems necessary.

--- Page 46 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
Compliance with future voluntary or regulatory initiatives 
Since the net proceeds from the issuance of such Tranche of Notes will be used to finance or re-finance 
Eligible Green Loans, the Issuer may refer to such Notes as "green bonds". There is currently no clearly 
defined term (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes or may be 
classified as, a "green" or an equivalently-labelled project. It is an area which has been, and continues to 
be, the subject of many and wide-ranging voluntary and regulatory initiatives to develop rules, guidelines, 
standards, taxonomies and objectives. Even if such voluntary or regulatory initiatives should arrive at a 
definition of "green" they are not necessarily meant to apply to the Notes nor will the Issuer necessarily 
seek compliance for any of the Notes with all or some of such rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies or 
objectives. 
At the EU level, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 
(the "EU Taxonomy Regulation"), which was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 
22 June 2020 and entered into force on 12 July 2020, defined six environmental objectives and established 
a framework to facilitate sustainable investments in the EU. The EU Taxonomy Regulation tasked the EC 
with establishing the actual list of environmentally sustainable activities by defining technical screening 
criteria for each environmental objective through delegated acts. The technical screening criteria for the 
activities which contribute to climate change adaptation and climate change mitigation have been in place 
since 1 January 2022. The technical screening criteria for the other environmental objectives, namely: 
sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources; transition to a circular economy; pollution 
prevention and control; and protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems were adopted by 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2486 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
27 June 2023, supplementing the EU Taxonomy Regulation. 
On 30 November 2023, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures 
for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds was published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union. This regulation, which entered into force on 20 December 2023 
and will apply from 21 December 2024. The regulation introduces the "European Green Bond" as a 
voluntary label for issuers of green use of proceeds bonds. In order to use the "European Green Bond" label, 
issuers have to invest the proceeds from the issuance of the relevant instrument in economic activities 
aligned with the EU Taxonomy Regulation (subject to a flexibility pocket). Issuers further need to comply 
with comprehensive process and disclosure requirements (such requirements, the "EuGB"). 
The Complementary Climate Delegated Act (Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214) is including, under 
strict conditions, specific nuclear and gas energy activities in the list of economic activities covered by the 
EU Taxonomy Regulation. 
The EU Taxonomy Regulation explicitly identifies transitional activities as an eligible category of activities 
making a substantial contribution to climate change mitigation. The EU Taxonomy Regulation identifies 
three conditions for an activity to be included as a transitional activity: that it (i) has greenhouse gas 
emission levels that correspond to the best performance in the sector or industry; (ii) does not hamper the 
development and deployment of low-carbon alternatives; and (iii) does not lead to a lock-in of carbon-
intensive assets, considering the economic lifetime of those assets. 
Notes issued under the Programme will not qualify as "European Green Bonds". Any Tranche of Notes 
issued under this Programme and referred to as "green bond" will only comply with the criteria and 
processes set out in NLB's Green Bond Framework. 
No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the envisaged use of proceeds of 
relevant Notes by the Issuer for any Eligible Green Loans in accordance with the Green Bond Framework 
will satisfy, either in whole or in part, (i) any existing or future legislative or regulatory requirements or 
standards such as further delegated acts relating to the remaining objectives of the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation or the EU Green Bond Standard, or (ii) any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments 
are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental impact of any projects or uses, the subject of 
or related to, the relevant Eligible Green Loans. Further, no assurance or representation is or can be given 
by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the reporting under the Green Bond Framework will meet 
investor needs or expectations. 
Moreover, in light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green, 
sustainable and positive social impact markets, there is a risk that the Issuer's Green Bond Framework may 
(or may not) be modified in the future to adapt any update that may be made to the ICMA Green Bond

--- Page 47 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
Principles, the EU Taxonomy Regulation and/or the EU Green Bond Standard. Such changes may have a 
negative impact on the market value and the liquidity of the Notes issued prior to the amendment. 
Failure to comply with the intended use of proceeds 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any relevant Notes will be used for Eligible Green Loans in 
accordance with certain prescribed eligibility criteria set out in the section "Use of Proceeds" in this 
Prospectus and the Green Bond Framework. However, there can be no assurance by the Issuer, the 
Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, 
any Eligible Green Loans will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or 
accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be disbursed in whole or in 
part for such Eligible Green Loans. Neither can there be any assurance by the Issuer, the Arranger, the 
Dealers or any other person that such Eligible Green Loans will be completed within any specified period 
or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected 
or anticipated by the Issuer or that any adverse environmental and/or other impacts will not occur during 
the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Loans. Neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the Eligible 
Green Loans or the application, impact or monitoring of the use of proceeds of the relevant Notes. 
(i) Any such event or any failure by the Issuer to do so or (ii) any failure to provide or publish any reporting 
or any (impact) assessment, or (iii) any failure to obtain any certification or label (or the withdrawal of any 
such certification or label or of the Second Party Opinion (as defined below)), or (iv) any Eligible Green 
Loans ceasing to be classed as such prior to maturity of the relevant Notes, or (v) the fact that the maturity 
of an Eligible Green Loan may not match the minimum duration of the Notes, will not (a) constitute an 
event or default under the Notes or (b) give the Holders the right to otherwise early terminate and demand 
redemption of the Notes. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of relevant Notes will be made from the Issuer's general funds 
and will not be directly linked to the performance of any Eligible Green Loans (or any other environmental 
or similar targets set by the Issuer). 
Second Party Opinion 
No assurance or representation can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers as to the suitability 
or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the second party opinion dated 5 May 2023 issued by 
Sustainalytics in relation to the Issuer's Green Bond Framework or any other opinion or certification of any 
third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the 
issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible Green Loans to fulfil any environmental and/or other 
criteria (each a "Second Party Opinion"). Any such Second Party Opinion may not address risks that may 
affect the value of any Notes issued under the Green Bond Framework or any Eligible Green Loans against 
which the Issuer may assign the net proceeds of any Notes. 
Any such Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations 
and is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an investment in any Notes, including 
without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. Any such 
Second Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. Any such Second Party Opinion is 
not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold any Notes. Any such Second Party Opinion is only current as of the date that 
opinion was initially issued and may be updated, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant provider(s) at any 
time. Neither the Issuer nor the Arranger or the Dealers assume any obligation or responsibility to release 
any update or revision to the framework to reflect events or circumstances after the date of publication of 
the framework and, therefore, an update or a revision of the Second Party Opinion may or may not be 
requested of any provider of Second Party Opinions. Prospective investors must determine for themselves 
the relevance of any such Second Party Opinion and/or the information contained therein and/or the 
provider of such Second Party Opinion for the purpose of any investment in any Notes. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or 
other regime or oversight. There can be no assurance that Holders will have any recourse against the 
provider(s) of any Second Party Opinion.

--- Page 48 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
Listing of Notes on dedicated stock exchange segments or platforms or inclusion in dedicated indices 
In the event that any Series of Notes is listed or admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Green Exchange 
or any other dedicated "ESG", "green", "environmental", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-
labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated) or included in any 
index so labelled, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any 
other person that such listing, admission or inclusion satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which 
any investor or its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listing, 
admission to trading or inclusion in any index may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to 
another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or 
any other person that any such listing, admission to trading or inclusion in any index will be obtained in 
respect of any Series of Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing, admission to trading or inclusion in any 
index will be maintained during the life of that Series of Notes. 
Summary of potential implications for Holders 
Any of the risks mentioned above and in particular (i) the non-compliance of the Notes with the EuGB and 
any other future voluntary or regulatory standard for green instruments, (ii) a failure to apply an amount 
equivalent to the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Green Loans, (iii) the withdrawal of any 
Second Party Opinion, (iv) the Notes ceasing to be listed, admitted to trading on any dedicated stock 
exchange or securities market or included in any dedicated index, or (v) bail-in or resolution measures may 
have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes 
which are intended to finance or refinance similar Eligible Green Loans and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose. 
ESG Risk Ratings 
ESG risk ratings may vary amongst ESG risk ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG 
risk ratings may differ. The Issuer's ESG risk ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future 
operating or financial performance, or any future ability to service the Notes and are only current as of the 
dates on which they were initially issued. ESG risk ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold the Notes. Currently, the providers of such ESG risk ratings are not subject to any 
regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of ESG risk ratings. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such ESG risk rating information 
contained in this Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment decision. 
Because the Global Notes will be held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
Holders of the Notes will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with 
the Issuer 
The Notes will be represented by the Global Notes. The Global Notes will be deposited with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Investors will not be entitled to receive definitive 
Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the 
Global Notes. Investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to or to the order of 
the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account 
holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability 
for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Ratings of the Notes, if any, may not reflect all risks - ratings of the Notes may be subject to change at 
all times 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes, as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the 
structure, market, additional risk factors discussed herein and other factors that may affect the value of the 
Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal by the rating agency at any time. No assurance can be given that a credit rating 
will remain constant for any given period of time or that a credit rating will not be reduced or withdrawn 
entirely by the credit rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. Rating agencies may also

--- Page 49 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
change their methodologies for rating securities in the future. Any suspension, reduction or withdrawal of 
the credit rating assigned to the relevant Notes by one or more of the credit rating agencies could adversely 
affect the value and trading of such Notes. 
Rating agencies may also change their methodologies for rating securities with features similar to the Notes 
in the future. If the rating agencies were to change their practices for rating such securities in the future and 
the ratings of the Notes were to be subsequently lowered, this may have a negative impact on the trading 
price of the Notes. In any case, the ratings of the Notes may not reflect the potential impact of all risks 
related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value 
of the Notes. 
Furthermore, as a result of the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (the "CRA Regulation"), if the status of a rating 
agency rating the Notes changes or the rating is not endorsed by a credit rating agency registered under the 
CRA Regulation, European regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes. Any such change could cause the Notes to be subject to different regulatory treatment. This may 
result in such European regulated investors selling the Notes, which may impact the value of the Notes and 
any secondary market. 
2.6 
Risks resulting from the Notes representing eligible liabilities or regulatory capital of the 
Issuer 
In the event of the Issuer's resolution, the Notes could be subject to write-down and conversion powers 
Amongst other powers, the SRMR gives the Resolution Authority the power to cancel or convert all or a 
portion of the principal amount of, and/or interest on, eligible liabilities instruments and capital instruments, 
which may include the Notes. 
Should the Resolution Authority take a resolution action in relation to the Issuer, the holders of the Notes 
(each a "Holder") may therefore be subject to write-down or conversion into equity on application of such 
powers (without requiring the consent of such Holder of the Notes), which may result in such Holder of the 
Notes losing some or all of their investment or receiving other securities to replace the Notes which are 
worth less than the Notes.  
The exercise of such mandatory write-down and conversion powers could, therefore, materially adversely 
affect the rights of the Holder of the Notes, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes and, accordingly, the application, 
announcement or expectations of any resolution measures being applied to the Issuer would negatively 
impact the rights of the Holder of the Notes, the value of the Notes and the performance of the Issuer's 
obligations in respect of the Notes. 
In the event of the Issuer's resolution, payments under the Notes would be subject to the approval of the 
Resolution Authority 
The ZRPPB-1 provides that an institution under resolution shall not be permitted to make any payments of 
principal or interest under its capital instruments or eligible liabilities instruments (which may include the 
Notes), regardless of their maturity, unless prior approval of the Resolution Authority has been obtained.  
Therefore, should the Resolution Authority take a resolution action in relation to the Issuer, it is likely that 
the Holder of the Notes will not receive payments of principal or interest payable under the Notes when 
due. Accordingly, the application, announcement or expectations of resolution measures being applied to 
the Issuer would negatively impact the rights of the Holder of the Notes, the value of the Notes and the 
performance of the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes. 
In the event of the Issuer's resolution, the admission of the Notes issued under the Programme to trading 
on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange may be suspended or discontinued 
The ZRPPB-1 provides that the Resolution Authority shall have the power to discontinue or suspend the 
admission to trading on a market or the official listing of financial instruments issued by an institution under 
resolution without the consent of the holders of such financial instruments. 
The exercise of such powers in relation to the Notes or even the announcement or expectations of resolution 
measures being applied to the Issuer would negatively impact the liquidity and the value of the Notes.

--- Page 50 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
ISSUE PROCEDURES 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular 
Tranche of Notes (the "Conditions"). These Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes set out in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" as further 
specified by the relevant Final Terms as described below. 
Sets of Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall apply to each type of Notes, as set out below. 
The relevant Final Terms shall provide for the Issuer to choose among the following Options: 
Option I - Terms and Conditions for Notes with a fixed interest rate; 
Option II - Terms and Conditions for Euro-denominated Notes with fixed to fixed resettable interest rate; 
and 
Option III - Terms and Conditions for USD-denominated Notes with fixed to fixed resettable interest rate. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer shall document the Conditions in any of the following ways: 
• 
The relevant Final Terms shall determine whether Option I, Option II or Option III and whether 
certain further options contained in Option I, Option II or Option III shall be applicable to the 
individual issue of Notes by replicating the relevant provisions of, and completing the relevant 
placeholders set out in Option I, Option II or Option III in the relevant Final Terms. The replicated 
and completed provisions of the set of Terms and Conditions of the Notes alone shall constitute 
the Conditions (the "Integrated Conditions"). The Integrated Conditions shall be attached to each 
global note representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. 
• 
Alternatively, the relevant Final Terms shall determine whether Option I, Option II or Option III 
and whether certain further options contained in Option I, Option II or Option III shall be applicable 
to the individual issue of Notes by making reference to the specific sections of the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. The relevant Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (the "Long-form Conditions"), taken together, shall constitute the 
Conditions. The relevant Final Terms and the Long-form Conditions shall be attached to each 
global note representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The relevant Final Terms shall determine whether Option I, Option II or Option III shall be applicable to 
the individual issue of Notes. Each set of Terms and Conditions of the Notes constituting Option I, Option 
II or Option III contains certain further options (characterised by indicating the respective optional 
provision through instructions and explanatory notes set out in square brackets within the text of the relevant 
set of Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out in this Prospectus) as well as placeholders (characterised 
by square brackets which include the relevant items) which shall be determined by the relevant Final Terms 
as follows: 
Determination of Options 
The Issuer shall determine which options shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes by either 
replicating the relevant provisions in the relevant Final Terms or by making reference in the relevant Final 
Terms to the relevant sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions of the Notes. If the relevant Final 
Terms do not replicate or make reference to an alternative or optional provision (as set out in the relevant 
set of Terms and Conditions of the Notes) such provision shall be deemed to have been deleted from the 
Conditions.

--- Page 51 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
Completion of Placeholders 
The relevant Final Terms shall specify the information completing the placeholders in the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In case the provisions of the relevant Final Terms and the relevant set 
of Terms and Conditions of the Notes, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall be deemed to have been completed by the information contained 
in the relevant Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. 
In that case, all instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes and any footnotes and explanatory text set out in the relevant Final 
Terms shall be deemed to have been deleted from the Conditions.

--- Page 52 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
OPTION I – NOTES WITH A FIXED INTEREST RATE 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Currency, Denomination. This series of [subordinated] notes is being issued by Nova Ljubljanska 
banka d.d., Ljubljana (the "Issuer") in [insert specified currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the 
aggregate principal amount of [insert specified currency and aggregate principal amount] (in words: [insert 
aggregate principal amount in words]) in the denomination of [insert specified currency and specified 
denomination]3 (the "Specified Denomination") each (the "Notes" and each a "Note"). 
(2) Form. 
(a) 
The Notes are issued in bearer form. 
(b) 
The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary Global Note") 
without interest coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for Notes in the 
Specified Denomination represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note", 
and the Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note together, the "Global Notes" and 
each a "Global Note") without interest coupons. The Temporary Global Note and the Permanent 
Global Note shall each be only valid if they bear the signatures of two authorised representatives 
of the Issuer and have been authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent [in the case of Notes 
deposited on behalf of the ICSDs and the Global Note is an NGN the following applies: and bear 
the handwritten or facsimile signature by or on behalf of the common safekeeper]. Definitive notes 
and interest coupons will not be issued and the right of the Holders to request the issue and delivery 
of definitive notes and interest coupons shall be excluded. 
(c) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be exchangeable for the Permanent Global Note from a date not 
earlier than 40 days after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall only 
be made upon delivery of certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person (other than certain financial 
institutions or certain persons holding Notes through such financial institutions) as required by 
U.S. tax law. Payment of interest on Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note will be made 
only after delivery of such certifications. A separate certification shall be required in respect of 
each such payment of interest. Any such certification received on or after the 40th day after the date 
of issue of the Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to exchange such Temporary 
Global Note pursuant to this § 1(2)(c). Any securities delivered in exchange for the Temporary 
Global Note shall be delivered only outside of the United States (as defined below). 
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "United States" means the United States of America 
(including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the 
U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
(3) Clearing System. The Global Note will be deposited by or on behalf of a Clearing System until all 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking S.A. ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") 
(CBL and Euroclear are each an "ICSD" (International Central Securities Depositary) and together the 
"ICSDs")] [specify other Clearing System] and any successor in such capacity. 
[In the case of Notes deposited on behalf of the ICSDs and the Global Note is a CGN the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") form and are deposited with a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
[In the case of Notes deposited on behalf of the ICSDs and the Global Note is an NGN the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are deposited with a common 
safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global 
 
3 
The minimum denomination is EUR 100,000 or at least equivalent in the Specified Currency.

--- Page 53 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
Note shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records of 
the ICSDs (which expression means the records that each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customers' interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD 
stating the principal amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records 
of the relevant ICSD at that time. On any redemption or payment of interest being made in respect of, or 
purchase and cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer shall procure that 
details of any redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the 
Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, 
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the 
Global Note shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled.] 
On an exchange of a portion only of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note, the Issuer shall 
procure that details of such exchange shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs. 
(4) Certain Definitions. 
"Applicable Supervisory Regulations" means, at any time, any requirements under laws and any 
regulations, requirements, standards, guidelines, policies or other rules thereunder applicable from time to 
time (including, but not limited to, the guidelines and decisions of the European Banking Authority, the 
European Central Bank, the Competent Authority, the Single Resolution Board and/or the Resolution 
Authority, the administrative practice of any such authority, any applicable decision of a court and any 
applicable transitional provisions) relating to prudential requirements and/or resolution and applicable to 
the Issuer, on an individual and/or (sub-)consolidated basis, as the case may be, from time to time, including 
but not limited to the provisions of the ZBan-3, the ZRPPB-1, the ZFPPIPP, the BRRD, the SRMR, the 
CRD IV and the CRR, or such other law, regulation or directive as may come into effect in place thereof, 
as applicable to the Issuer on an individual and/or (sub-)consolidated basis, as the case may be, at the 
relevant time. 
"BRRD" means the Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended or replaced from time to time, and any references 
to relevant provisions of the BRRD in these Terms and Conditions include references to any applicable 
provisions of law amending or replacing such provisions from time to time. 
"Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
[If the Specified Currency is Euro, the following applies: 
(i) on which the Clearing System is open to effect payments and (ii) which is a T2 Business Day.] 
[If the Specified Currency is not Euro, the following applies: 
on which (i) the Clearing System is open and (ii) commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in [insert all relevant financial centres] [insert, as applicable: and (iii) which is a T2 Business 
Day].] 
"Competent Authority" means the competent authority pursuant to Article 4(1)(40) CRR and/or 
Article 9(1) SSMR, in each case, which is responsible to supervise the Issuer on an individual basis and/or 
(sub-)consolidated basis. 
"CRD IV" means the Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
(Capital Requirements Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time, and any references to relevant 
provisions of the CRD IV in these Terms and Conditions include references to any applicable provisions 
of law amending or replacing such provisions from time to time. 
"CRR" means the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26°June 
2013 (Capital Requirements Regulation), as amended or replaced from time to time, and any references to 
relevant provisions of the CRR in these Terms and Conditions include references to any applicable 
provisions of law amending or replacing such provisions from time to time.

--- Page 54 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
"Eligible Liabilities Instruments" means any (directly issued) debt instruments of the Issuer which qualify 
as eligible liabilities instruments pursuant to Article 72b CRR. 
"Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other comparable right in the Global Note 
which may be transferred to a new Holder in accordance with the provisions of the Clearing System. 
"Resolution Authority" means the authority pursuant to Article 4(1)(130) CRR which is responsible for 
recovery or resolution of the Issuer on an individual and/or (sub-)consolidated basis. 
"SRMR" means the Regulation (EU) No 806/2014, as amended or replaced from time to time, and any 
references to relevant provisions of the SRMR in these Terms and Conditions include references to any 
applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such provisions from time to time. 
"SSMR" means the Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013, as amended or replaced from time to time, and any 
references to relevant provisions of the SSMR in these Terms and Conditions include references to any 
applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such provisions from time to time. 
"Subsidiary" means any subsidiary of the Issuer pursuant to Article 4(1)(16) CRR. 
[If the Specified Currency is Euro or, as applicable, the following applies: 
"T2 Business Day" means a day on which the real-time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem 
(T2), or any successor or replacement system, is open for the settlement of payments in Euro.] 
"Terms and Conditions" means these terms and conditions of the Notes. 
"ZBan-3" means Slovenian Banking Act (Zakon o bančništvu) as amended or replaced from time to time, 
and any references in these Terms and Conditions to relevant articles of the ZBan-3 include references to 
any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such articles from time to time. 
"ZFPPIPP" means the Slovenian Financial Operations, Insolvency Proceedings, and Compulsory 
Dissolution Act (Zakon o finančnem poslovanju, postopkih zaradi insolventnosti in prisilnem prenehanju), 
as amended or replaced from time to time, and any references in these Terms and Conditions to relevant 
articles of the ZFPPIPP include references to any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such 
articles from time to time. 
"ZRPPB-1" means the Slovenian Resolution and Compulsory Winding-Up of Banks Act (Zakon o 
reševanju in prisilnem prenehanju bank), as amended or replaced from time to time, and any references in 
these Terms and Conditions to relevant articles of the ZRPPB-1 include references to any applicable 
provisions of law amending or replacing such articles from time to time. 
§ 2 
STATUS 
[In the case of Preferred Senior Notes the following applies: 
(1) Ranking. The Notes shall qualify as Eligible Liabilities Instruments of the Issuer in the form of Preferred 
Senior Instruments. 
The obligations under the Notes constitute direct and unsecured obligations of the Issuer. In the event of 
normal insolvency proceedings of the Issuer (being bankruptcy proceedings (stečaj) or compulsory 
liquidation (prisilna likvidacija)), all claims under the Notes will rank: 
(a) 
pari passu: (i) among themselves; and (ii) with all other present or future unsecured claims against 
the Issuer which meet the conditions pursuant to Article 230(2)(8) ZRPPB-1; 
(b) 
senior to: (i) all present or future claims against the Issuer under Non-Preferred Senior Instruments; 
and (ii) all present or future subordinated claims against the Issuer which meet the conditions 
pursuant to Article 230(2)(10) or Article 230(2)(11) ZRPPB-1; and 
(c) 
junior to: all present or future claims against the Issuer under the Issuer's Senior Ranking Claims, 
so that in any such event no amounts will be payable in respect of the Notes until the Issuer's Senior 
Ranking Claims have been satisfied in full.

--- Page 55 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
"Issuer's Senior Ranking Claims" means: all present or future claims against the Issuer, deposits with the 
Issuer and costs of procedure, in each case which meet the conditions pursuant to Article 230(1) ZRPPB-1 
or any of the Articles 230(2)(1) through 230(2)(7) ZRPPB-1. 
"Non-Preferred Senior Instruments" means all non-preferred senior instruments which meet the 
conditions pursuant to Article 230(2)(9) ZRPPB-1. 
"Preferred Senior Instruments" means all preferred senior instruments which meet the conditions 
pursuant to Article 230(2)(8) ZRPPB-1.] 
[In the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes the following applies: 
(1) Ranking. The Notes shall qualify as Eligible Liabilities Instruments of the Issuer in the form of Non-
Preferred Senior Instruments. 
The obligations under the Notes constitute direct and unsecured obligations of the Issuer. In the event of 
normal insolvency proceedings of the Issuer (being bankruptcy proceedings (stečaj) or compulsory 
liquidation (prisilna likvidacija)), all claims under the Notes will rank: 
(a) 
pari passu: (i) among themselves; and (ii) with all other present or future claims against the Issuer 
from Non-Preferred Senior Instruments; 
(b) 
senior to all present or future subordinated claims against the Issuer which meet the conditions 
pursuant to Article 230(2)(10) or Article 230(2)(11) ZRPPB-1; and 
(c) 
junior to all present or future claims against the Issuer under the Issuer's Senior Ranking Claims, 
so that in any such event no amounts will be payable in respect of the Notes until the Issuer's Senior 
Ranking Claims have been satisfied in full. 
"Issuer's Senior Ranking Claims" means: all present or future claims against the Issuer, deposits with the 
Issuer and costs of procedure, in each case which meet the conditions pursuant to Article 230(1) ZRPPB-1 
or any of the Articles 230(2)(1) through 230(2)(8) ZRPPB-1. 
"Non-Preferred Senior Instruments" means all non-preferred senior instruments which meet the 
conditions pursuant to Article 230(2)(9) ZRPPB-1.] 
[In the case of Subordinated Notes the following applies: 
(1) Ranking. The Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 Instruments. 
The obligations under the Notes constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
In the event of normal insolvency proceedings of the Issuer (being bankruptcy proceedings (stečaj) or 
compulsory liquidation (prisilna likvidacija)), all claims against the Issuer under the Notes will rank: 
(a) 
pari passu: (i) among themselves; and (ii) with all other present or future claims under Tier 2 
Instruments of the Issuer; 
(b) 
senior to all present or future claims from: (i) Additional Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer pursuant 
to Article 52 CRR; and (ii) ordinary shares of the Issuer and any other Common Equity Tier 1 
instruments of the Issuer pursuant to Article 28 CRR; and (iii) all other subordinated instruments 
or obligations of the Issuer that result from own funds items of the Issuer ranking pari passu with 
the instruments or obligations referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) of this § 2(1)(b) or other instruments 
or obligations ranking or expressed to rank junior to the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes; 
and 
(c) 
junior to all present or future claims under Issuer's Senior Ranking Claims, so that in any such 
event no amounts will be payable in respect of the Notes until the Issuer's Senior Ranking Claims 
have been satisfied in full. 
"Issuer's Senior Ranking Claims" means all present or future claims under: (i) unsubordinated 
instruments or obligations of the Issuer; (ii) Eligible Liabilities Instruments of the Issuer and any debt 
instruments that qualify as eligible liabilities items pursuant to transitional provisions under the CRR; and

--- Page 56 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
(iii) subordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer that rank senior to Tier 2 Instruments (such as 
claims that do not result from an own funds item of the Issuer). 
"Tier 2 Instruments" means any capital instruments of the Issuer which meet the conditions laid down in 
Article 63 CRR, including any capital (or other) instruments that are (fully or partly) recognised as Tier 2 
items pursuant to transitional provisions under the CRR.] 
(2) No Set-off/Netting. The Notes are not subject to any set-off arrangements or netting rights that would 
undermine their capacity to absorb losses in resolution, insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer. 
(3) No Security/Guarantee and No Enhancement of Seniority. The Notes are neither secured, nor subject to 
any guarantee that enhances the seniority of the claims under the Notes. The Notes are not subject to any 
arrangement, contractual or otherwise, that enhances the seniority of the claims under the Notes in 
insolvency or liquidation. No security or guarantee of whatever kind is, or shall at any time be, provided 
by the Issuer or any other person securing rights of the Holders. 
(4) Note on the possibility of statutory resolution measures. Prior to any normal insolvency proceedings of 
the Issuer (being bankruptcy proceedings (stečaj) or compulsory liquidation (prisilna likvidacija)), under 
the Applicable Supervisory Regulations, the Resolution Authority may exercise the power to write down 
(including to zero) the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, convert the Notes into shares or other 
instruments of ownership of the Issuer, in each case in whole or in part, or apply any other resolution tool 
or action, including (but not limited to) any deferral or transfer of the obligations to another entity, an 
amendment of the Terms and Conditions or a cancellation of the Notes. The Holders shall be bound by the 
exercise of the power to write down or convert or the taking of any resolution action in respect of the Notes. 
No Holder shall have any claim or other right against the Issuer arising out of any exercise of the power to 
write down or convert or the taking of any resolution action. In particular, any exercise of the power to 
write down or convert or the taking of any resolution action shall not constitute a default. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Resolution Authority of the actual exercise of any 
statutory resolution tool or action with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the Holders without 
delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to notify the Holders shall not affect the validity and enforceability 
of the statutory resolution tool or action nor the effects on the Notes described in this § 2(4). 
(5) If the Notes are redeemed or repurchased by the Issuer otherwise than in the circumstances described 
in this § 2 or § 5([7]), then the amounts redeemed or paid must be returned to the Issuer irrespective of any 
agreement to the contrary unless the Competent Authority has given its prior consent to such redemption 
or repurchase. 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. The Notes shall bear interest on their Specified 
Denomination from and including [insert Interest Commencement Date] (the "Interest Commencement 
Date") to but excluding the Maturity Date (as defined in § 5(1)) at the rate of [insert Rate of Interest] per 
cent. per annum (the "Rate of Interest"). 
Interest for each Interest Period shall be payable [in the case of quarterly interest payments the following 
applies: quarterly] [in the case of semi-annual interest payments the following applies: semi-annually] 
[in the case of annual interest payments the following applies: annually] in arrear on [insert Interest 
Payment Date(s)] in each year (each such date, an "Interest Payment Date"), commencing on [insert first 
Interest Payment Date] [in the case of a short or long first interest period insert: ([short] [long] first 
coupon)]. [If Interest Periods are subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable business day 
convention, the following applies: Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
provisions set out in § 4(4).] 
"Interest Period" means the period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding 
the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including an Interest Payment Date to 
but excluding the following Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 57 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
(2) Calculation of Interest Amount. If the amount of interest payable on the Notes is required to be 
calculated for any period of time, such amount of interest shall be calculated by applying the rate of interest 
to the Specified Denomination, multiplying such amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction (as defined 
below), and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency, half of such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with the applicable market convention. 
(3) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
interest on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
[In the case of "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" the following applies: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Calculation Period ends, the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (i) the number of calendar days in such Determination Period and (ii) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified below) that would occur in any year; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than the Determination Period during which the Calculation 
Period ends, the sum of 
(i) 
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Calculation Period begins divided by the product of (A) the number of 
calendar days in such Determination Period and (B) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in any year; and 
(ii) 
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (A) the number of calendar days in such Determination 
Period and (B) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in any year. 
Where: 
"Determination Period" means each period from and including a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date. 
"Determination Date" means [insert Determination Date(s)] in each year.] 
[In the case of "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" the following applies: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
Where: 
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction; 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless that number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless that number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30.] 
DCF =
 360 ×  Y2 − Y1   +  30 ×  M2 −M1  +  D2 −D1 
360

--- Page 58 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
[In the case of "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" the following applies: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
Where: 
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction; 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless that number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless that number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.] 
[insert other applicable day count fraction] 
(4) Cessation of Interest Accrual. The Notes shall cease to bear interest from the end of the calendar day 
preceding their due date for redemption. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall 
continue to accrue on the outstanding principal amount of the Notes beyond the due date until the end of 
the calendar day preceding the actual redemption of the Notes at the Rate of Interest. This does not affect 
any additional rights that might be available to the Holders. 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1) Payments of Principal and Interest. 
(a) 
Payment of principal on the Notes shall be made, subject to § 4(2) below, to the Clearing System 
or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System. 
(b) 
Payment of interest and any Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7(1)) on the Notes shall be made, 
subject to § 4(2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the 
relevant accountholders of the Clearing System, upon due certification as provided in § 1(2)(c). 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of amounts 
due in respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) Business Day Convention. If the due date for payment of any amount of principal or interest in respect 
of any Note is not a Business Day (as defined in § 1(4)), then [the Holder shall not be entitled to payment 
until the next day that is a Business Day and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in 
respect of such delay (the Interest Period shall not be adjusted accordingly)] [insert other applicable 
business day convention]. 
DCF =
 360 ×  Y2 − Y1   +  30 ×  M2 −M1  +  D2 −D1 
360

--- Page 59 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. References in these Terms and Conditions to "principal" in respect 
of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, the Specified Denomination, any premium and any 
other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. References in 
these Terms and Conditions to "interest" in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, 
any Additional Amounts which may be payable under § 7(1). 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed or repurchased and cancelled (in each case, in 
whole or in part), the Notes shall be redeemed at their principal amount on [if Interest Periods are subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the applicable business day convention, the following applies: the 
Interest Payment Date falling on or around] [insert Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date"). 
(2) No right of termination or acceleration by the Holders. The Holders shall have no right to terminate or 
to demand (or otherwise accelerate) the redemption of the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any acceleration cannot occur in resolution (or moratorium) imposed against 
the Issuer. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer, the following applies: 
(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon giving not less than five Business Days' and not more than 40 Business Days' 
prior notice in accordance with § 5(3)(b), redeem, on (any of) the Optional Redemption Date(s), 
all but not some only of the Notes at their Specified Denomination together with accrued and 
unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date specified in the notice. 
Any such early redemption pursuant to this § 5(3) shall only be possible if the conditions to 
redemption and repurchase set out in § 5([7]) are met. 
"Optional Redemption Date(s)": 
[insert Optional Redemption Date(s)]4 
(b) 
The notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance with § 11. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption, including the securities codes; and 
(ii) 
the Optional Redemption Date on which the Issuer will redeem the Notes.] 
[If the Notes are not subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for reasons other than 
pursuant to § 5(4) or § 5(5) [or § 5(6)], the following applies: 
(3) No Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. The Notes may not be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer prior to their Maturity Date other than in the case of an early redemption pursuant to § 5(4)[,] [or] 
§ 5(5) [or § 5(6)].] 
(4) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. 
(a) 
If a Tax Event (as defined below) occurs, the Issuer may at any time, upon giving not less than five 
Business Days' and not more than 40 Business Days' prior notice in accordance with § 5(4)(b), 
redeem, all but not some only of the Notes, on the date fixed for redemption specified in the notice, 
at their Specified Denomination together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding 
the date fixed for redemption, provided that in the event of the occurrence of a Gross-up Event (as 
defined below) no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 calendar days prior to 
 
4 
In the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the (first) Optional Redemption Date must not be earlier 
than the first anniversary of the issue date of the last tranche of the relevant series of Notes. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the (first) Optional Redemption Date must not be earlier than the fifth anniversary of the issue 
date of the last tranche of the relevant series of Notes.

--- Page 60 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such Additional Amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Any such early redemption pursuant to this § 5(4) shall only be possible if the conditions to 
redemption and repurchase set out in § 5([7]) are met. 
A "Tax Event" occurs if there is a Tax Deductibility Event or a Gross-up Event, which change or 
amendment or clarification: (x) subject to (y), becomes effective on or after the issue date of the 
Notes; or (y) in the case of a change, if such change is enacted on or after the issue date of the 
Notes. 
Where: 
A "Gross-up Event" occurs if there is a change in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes based 
on a decision or change in law, regulation or interpretation of the tax authority of the Republic of 
Slovenia (or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax) 
having competence over the Issuer which becomes effective on or after the issue date of the Notes, 
as a result of which the Issuer has paid, or will or would on the next Interest Payment Date be 
required to pay, any Additional Amounts pursuant to § 7(1). 
A "Tax Deductibility Event" occurs if there is a change in the applicable tax treatment of the 
Notes based on a decision or change in law, regulation or interpretation of the tax authority of the 
Republic of Slovenia (or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax) having competence over the Issuer which becomes effective on or after the issue date of the 
Notes as a result of which the Issuer, in computing its taxation liabilities in the Republic of 
Slovenia, would not be entitled to claim a deduction in respect of interest paid on the Notes, or 
such deductibility is materially reduced. 
(b) 
The notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance with § 11. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption, including the securities codes; 
(ii) 
the date on which the Issuer will redeem the Notes; and 
(iii) 
the reason for such call and redemption.] 
[In the case of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes the following applies: 
(5) Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons. 
(a) 
If a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, the Issuer may at any time, upon giving not less than 
five Business Days' and not more than 40 Business Days' prior notice in accordance with 
§ 5(5)([c]), redeem, on the date fixed for redemption specified in the notice, all but not some only 
of the Notes at their Specified Denomination together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to 
but excluding the date fixed for redemption. 
An "MREL Disqualification Event" occurs if, after the date of issuance of the last tranche of this 
series of Notes, there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Notes that would be likely 
to result or has resulted in their exclusion in full or in part from eligible liabilities according to the 
SRMR for purposes of the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) 
pursuant to the SRMR (on an individual and/or consolidated basis) of the Issuer, except where such 
exclusion would merely be based on the remaining tenor of the Notes being less than any minimum 
period prescribed in the SRMR or on any applicable limits on the inclusion of the Notes in the 
eligible liabilities items (on an individual and/or consolidated basis) of the Issuer being exceeded. 
Any such early redemption pursuant to this § 5(5) shall only be possible if the conditions to 
redemption and repurchase set out in § 5([7]) are met.

--- Page 61 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
(b) 
The notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance with § 11. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption, including the securities codes; 
(ii) 
the date on which the Issuer will redeem the Notes; and 
(iii) 
the reason for such call and redemption.] 
[In the case of Subordinated Notes the following applies: 
(5) Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons or for Reasons of Non-Approval. 
(a) 
Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons. If a Regulatory Event occurs, the Issuer may at any 
time, upon giving not less than five Business Days' and not more than 40 Business Days' prior 
notice in accordance with § 5(5)(c), redeem, on the date fixed for redemption specified in the 
notice, all but not some only of the Notes at their Specified Denomination together with accrued 
and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the date fixed for redemption. 
A "Regulatory Event" occurs if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Notes 
which becomes effective on or after the issue date of the Notes that would be likely to result in 
their exclusion in full or in part from own funds or reclassification as a lower quality form of own 
funds (in each case, on an individual and/or consolidated basis of the Issuer) (other than as a 
consequence of the amortisation in accordance with Article 64 CRR). 
Any such early redemption pursuant to this § 5(5) shall only be possible if the conditions to 
redemption and repurchase set out in § 5([7]) are met. 
(b) 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Non-Approval. If a Non-Approval Event occurs, the Issuer may 
at any time, upon giving not less than five Business Days' and not more than 40 Business Days' 
prior notice in accordance with § 5(5)(c), redeem all but not only some of the Notes in whole, but 
not in part, on the date of redemption specified in the notice, at their Specified Denomination 
together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, to but excluding the date of redemption. 
A "Non-Approval Event" occurs if, by [insert applicable date], the Issuer fails to obtain the 
permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 149(2) ZBan-3 to include the Notes in 
whole in the calculation of its Tier 2 capital pursuant to Article 71 CRR. 
(c) 
The notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance with § 11. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption, including the securities codes; 
(ii) 
the date on which the Issuer will redeem the Notes; and 
(iii) 
the reason for such call and redemption.] 
[If the Notes are subject to early redemption at the option of the Issuer for Minimal Outstanding 
Aggregate Principal Amount, the following applies: 
(6) Early Redemption for Minimal Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount. 
(a) 
If at any time the aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding and held by persons other 
than the Issuer and its Subsidiaries has fallen to [20] per cent. or less of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes originally issued (including any Notes additionally issued in accordance with 
§ 10(1)), the Issuer may, upon giving not less than five Business Days' and not more than 40 
Business Days' prior notice in accordance with § 5(6)(b), redeem all but not some only of the Notes, 
on the date fixed for redemption specified in the notice, at their Specified Denomination together 
with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the date fixed for redemption. 
Any such early redemption pursuant to this § 5(6) shall only be possible if the conditions to 
redemption and repurchase set out in § 5([7]) are met.

--- Page 62 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
(b) 
The notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance with § 11. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption, including the securities codes; 
(ii) 
the date on which the Issuer will redeem the Notes; and 
(iii) 
the reason for such call and redemption.] 
[In the case of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes the following applies: 
([7]) Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase. Any early redemption pursuant to § 5(3), § 5(4)[,] [or] 
§ 5(5) [or § 5(6)] and any repurchase pursuant to § 10(2) are subject to the Resolution Authority (or any 
other relevant supervisory authority) having granted the Issuer the prior permission in accordance with 
Articles 77(2) and 78a CRR or any successor provision for the early redemption or the repurchase, if 
applicable to the Issuer at that point in time, which may, inter alia, require that: 
(a) 
the Issuer (before or at the same time as any early redemption or repurchase) replaces the Notes 
with own funds instruments or eligible liabilities of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Resolution Authority that the own funds and 
eligible liabilities of the Issuer would, following any early redemption or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities provided in the CRR, the CRD IV and the BRRD 
by a margin that the Resolution Authority, in agreement with the Competent Authority, considers 
necessary at such time; or 
(c) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Resolution Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the Notes with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure compliance with the 
own funds requirements laid down in the CRR and in the CRD IV for continuing authorisation. 
In the case of any early redemption pursuant to § 5(4), obtaining such permission may require that the Issuer 
has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Resolution Authority (or any other relevant supervisory 
authority) that the applicable change in tax treatment is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at 
the date of issuance of the last tranche of this series of Notes. 
In the case of any early redemption pursuant to § 5(5), obtaining such permission may require that the 
Resolution Authority (or any other relevant supervisory authority) considers the MREL Disqualification 
Event to be sufficiently certain and the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Resolution 
Authority (or any other relevant supervisory authority) that the MREL Disqualification Event was not 
reasonably foreseeable as at the date of issuance of the last tranche of this series of Notes. 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any early redemption or repurchase, the prevailing 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations applicable to the Issuer permit the early redemption or repurchase only 
after compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out above, the Issuer 
shall comply with such other and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-conditions, if any. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal or failure of the Resolution Authority (or any other relevant 
supervisory authority) to grant any permission, approval or other consent required in accordance with the 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations shall not constitute a default for any purpose.]

--- Page 63 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
[In the case of Subordinated Notes the following applies: 
([7]) Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase. Any early redemption pursuant to § 5(3), § 5(4)[,] [or] 
§ 5(5) [or § 5(6)] and any repurchase pursuant to § 10(2) is subject to the Competent Authority having 
granted the Issuer the prior permission in accordance with Articles 77 and 78 CRR or any successor 
provision for the early redemption or repurchase which may, inter alia, require: 
(a) 
that 
(i) 
either, before or at the same time as the redemption or repurchase, the Issuer replaces the 
Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable 
for the income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the own 
funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer would, following such early redemption or 
repurchase, exceed the requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities laid down in the 
CRR, the CRD IV and the BRRD by a margin that the Competent Authority considers 
necessary at such time; and 
(b) 
in the case of any early redemption or repurchase of the Notes prior to the fifth anniversary of the 
date of issuance of the Notes that: 
(i) 
in the case of any early redemption pursuant to § 5(4), the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the applicable change in tax treatment is 
material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the date of issuance of the last tranche 
of this series of Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of any early redemption pursuant to § 5(5)(a), the Competent Authority 
considers such change to be sufficiently certain and the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the relevant change in the regulatory 
classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the date of issuance of the 
last tranche of this series of Notes; or 
(iii) 
in the case of any early redemption of the Notes in circumstances other than those 
described in clause (b)(i) or (ii) above or any repurchase, the Issuer, earlier than or at the 
same time as the early redemption or the repurchase, replaces the Notes with own funds 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity 
of the Issuer and the Competent Authority has permitted that early redemption or 
repurchase based on the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point 
of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(iv) 
the Notes being repurchased for market making purposes in accordance with the 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations. 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any early redemption or repurchase, the 
prevailing Applicable Supervisory Regulations permit the early redemption or repurchase only 
after compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out above, 
the Issuer shall comply with such other and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-conditions, if any. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal or failure of the Competent Authority (or any other relevant 
supervisory authority) to grant any permission, approval or other consent required in accordance 
with the Applicable Supervisory Regulations shall not constitute a default for any purpose.]

--- Page 64 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
§ 6 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT(S) 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial Fiscal Agent and the initial Principal Paying Agent [if any 
additional or other paying agent(s) shall be appointed insert: and the initial Paying Agent(s)] and their 
respective initial specified offices are: 
Fiscal Agent and Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
[If any additional or other paying agent shall be appointed, insert its name and initial specified office.] 
Where these Terms and Conditions refer to the term "Paying Agent(s)", such term shall include the Principal 
Paying Agent. 
The Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent(s) (the "Agents" and each an "Agent") reserve the right at any time 
to change their respective specified office to some other specified office in the same country. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of any Agent and to appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional or other Paying Agents. 
The Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent and (ii) so long as the Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange at the initiative of the Issuer, a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified 
office in such place as may be required by the rules of such stock exchange or its supervisory authorities 
[in the case of Notes the Specified Currency of which is U.S. Dollars the following applies: and (iii) if 
payments at or through the offices of all Paying Agents outside the United States become illegal or are 
effectively precluded because of the imposition of exchange controls or similar restrictions on the full 
payment or receipt of such amounts in U.S. Dollars, a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York]. 
The Issuer will give notice to the Holders of any variation, termination, appointment or any other change 
as soon as possible upon the effectiveness of such change. 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not have any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust to any Holder. 
(4) Determinations Binding. All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of these 
Terms and Conditions by the Fiscal Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the other Agents and the Holders and, in the absence of the aforesaid, no 
liability to the Issuer, the other Agents or the Holders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent in connection with 
the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
(1) General Taxation. All payments of interest in respect of the Notes will be made by the Issuer without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes, duties or governmental charges of whatever nature 
(the "Taxes") imposed or levied by way of withholding or deduction by or on behalf of the Republic of 
Slovenia or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. If such withholding or deduction is required by law, the Issuer 
will, to the extent permitted by law, pay such additional amounts in relation to interest (but not principal) 
as will be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Holder (or a third party on behalf of the 
Holder) after such withholding or deduction will equal the respective amounts which would otherwise have 
been receivable in respect of the Notes in the absence of such withholding or deduction (the "Additional 
Amounts"). However, no such Additional Amounts will be payable: 
(a) 
in respect of any amount payable in respect of a Note received by or on behalf of a person who is 
subject to such Tax in respect of such payment by reason of his being connected with the Republic 
of Slovenia (or any political subdivision thereof) otherwise than merely by holding such Note or 
receiving principal or interest in respect thereof; or

--- Page 65 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
(b) 
in respect of any amount payable in respect of a Note received by or on behalf of a person who 
would not be liable for or subject to such withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption to the Issuer or relevant tax authority if, after having 
been requested to make such a declaration or claim, such person fails to do so (provided that a 
mechanism is available for such declaration or claim to be provided); or 
(c) 
on account of any Taxes which are payable by any person (including the Issuer) acting as custodian 
bank or collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or by the Issuer if no custodian bank or collecting 
agent is appointed or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a withholding or deduction 
by the Issuer from payments of principal or interest made by it; or 
(d) 
on account of any Taxes withheld or deducted pursuant to an international treaty or a civil law 
agreement concluded by a state and/or one of its political subdivisions and/or one of its authorities 
and/or a group of states on the one hand and the Republic of Slovenia and/or one of its political 
subdivisions and/or the European Union and/or the Issuer and/or an intermediary on the other hand; 
or 
(e) 
on account of any Taxes which are refundable or for which a relief at source is available pursuant 
to the laws of the Republic of Slovenia, a European Union directive or regulation or an international 
treaty or understanding to which the Republic of Slovenia and/or the European Union is a party/are 
parties. 
(2) U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA). The Issuer is authorised to withhold or deduct 
from amounts payable under the Notes to a Holder or beneficial owner of Notes sufficient funds for the 
payment of any tax that it is required to withhold or deduct pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), or that is otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official 
interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another 
jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices 
implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a "FATCA 
Withholding"). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in 
respect of FATCA Withholding. 
§ 8 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, JOINT REPRESENTATIVE 
(1) Amendment to the Terms and Conditions. In accordance with the German Act on Issues of Debt 
Securities, as amended (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen) (the "SchVG") and 
subject to compliance with the Applicable Supervisory Regulations for the Notes to qualify as [Eligible 
Liabilities Instruments] [Tier 2 Instruments] (including, for the avoidance of doubt, where relevant, the 
conditions to redemption and repurchase set out in § 5([7])) the Holders may agree with the Issuer on 
amendments to these Terms and Conditions with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG by a Holders' 
resolution (Beschluss) with the majority specified in § 8(2) below. In particular, the Issuer's right under this 
§ 8(1) is subject to the prior permission of the [Resolution Authority] [Competent Authority] (or any other 
relevant supervisory authority) of the Issuer if such consent is required at the time of any such amendment. 
Majority resolutions of the Holders shall be binding on all Holders alike. A majority resolution of the 
Holders which does not provide for identical conditions for all Holders is void unless Holders who are 
disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated disadvantageously. 
(2) Majority. Resolutions relating to material amendments to these Terms and Conditions, in particular 
consents to the measures set out in § 5(3) SchVG shall be passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. 
(qualified majority) of the votes cast. Resolutions relating to amendments to these Terms and Conditions 
which are not material require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
(3) Vote. Resolutions of the Holders shall be made either in a holders' meeting or by means of a vote without 
a meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) (§§ 9 et seq. and § 18 SchVG). The convening notice of a 
Holders' meeting will provide the further details relating to the resolutions and the voting procedure. The 
subject matter of the vote as well as the proposed resolutions will be notified to Holders in the agenda of 
the meeting. The attendance at the Holders' meeting or the exercise of voting rights requires a registration 
of the Holders prior to the meeting. Any such registration must be received at the address stated in the 
convening notice by no later than the third calendar day preceding the Holders' meeting.

--- Page 66 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
(4) Chair of the Vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the Joint 
Representative (as defined below) has convened the vote, by the Joint Representative. 
(5) Voting Right. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast its vote in accordance with the principal 
amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding Notes. Holders must demonstrate their 
eligibility to participate in the vote at the time of voting by means of a special confirmation of their 
depositary bank and by submission of a blocking instruction by their Custodian (as defined in § 12(3)) for 
the benefit of the Fiscal Agent as depository (Hinterlegungsstelle) for the voting period. 
(6) Notices. Any notices concerning this § 8 shall be made exclusively pursuant to the provisions of the 
SchVG. 
(7) Joint Representative. The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a joint representative (the "Joint 
Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on behalf of each Holder. The Joint Representative shall 
have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority resolution of the Holders. The Joint 
Representative shall comply with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the Joint Representative 
has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, the Holders shall not be entitled to assert such 
rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The Joint 
Representative shall provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply 
with regard to the recall and the other rights and obligations of the Joint Representative. 
§ 9 
PRESENTATION PERIOD, PRESCRIPTION 
The period for presentation of the Notes (§ 801(1) sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch – BGB)) shall be reduced to ten years and the period of limitation for claims under the Notes 
presented during the period for presentation shall be two years calculated from the expiry of the relevant 
presentation period. 
§ 10 
FURTHER ISSUES OF NOTES, 
REPURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION 
(1) Further Issues of Notes. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders and 
subject to regulatory and other statutory provisions, issue further Notes having the same terms as the Notes 
in all respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, issue price, interest commencement date and/or 
first interest payment date) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
(2) Repurchases. The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries may repurchase any Notes in the open market or 
otherwise at any price at any time, provided however that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of 
the [Resolution Authority] [Competent Authority] (or any other relevant supervisory authority) for the 
repurchase of the Notes and the further conditions to redemption and repurchase set forth in § 5([7]) are 
met and all applicable regulatory and other statutory restrictions are observed. Notes repurchased by the 
Issuer or any Subsidiary may, at the option of the Issuer or such Subsidiary, be held, resold or surrendered 
for cancellation to the Fiscal Agent. 
(3) Cancellation. Any Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
§ 11 
NOTICES 
(1) Notices of the Issuer. All notices of the Issuer concerning the Notes shall be published: (i) if and for as 
long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com); (ii) if and for as long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange other than 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at the initiative of the Issuer, in such media as determined by law and the 
rules and regulations of such other stock exchange; and, in each case, (iii) in electronic form on the website 
of the Issuer (www.nlb.si). Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the fifth 
calendar day following the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the fifth calendar 
day following the date of the first such publication) unless the notice provides for a later effective date.

--- Page 67 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
(2) Publication of Notices of the Issuer via the Clearing System. If the publication of notices pursuant to 
§ 11(1) is no longer required by law, the Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the media set forth in § 11(1), 
deliver the relevant notices to the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the seventh calendar day 
after the calendar day on which said notice was given to the Clearing System. 
(3) Form of Notice. Notices regarding the Notes shall only be valid if made in English. 
§ 12 
APPLICABLE LAW, 
PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) Applicable Law. Except as provided in the next sentence, the Notes, as to form and content, and all 
rights and obligations of the Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed by German law, save for the 
provisions in paragraphs (1) to (4) of § 2 (Status) which shall be governed by, and shall be construed 
exclusively in accordance with, Slovenian law. 
(2) Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, shall have non-
exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings (the "Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes. This is subject to any exclusive court of venue for specific legal proceedings in 
connection with the SchVG. 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Holder and the 
Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own name its rights arising under such Notes on the basis of a 
statement issued by the Custodian (as defined below) with whom such Holder maintains a securities account 
in respect of the Notes: (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder; (b) specifying the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the date of such statement; and (c) 
confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System containing the information 
pursuant to (a) and (b). 
For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution of recognised 
standing authorised to engage in securities custody business with which the Holder maintains a securities 
account in respect of the Notes and includes the Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to 
the foregoing, also protect and enforce its rights under the Notes in any other way which is admitted in the 
country of the proceedings.

--- Page 68 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
OPTION II – EURO-DENOMINATED NOTES WITH A FIXED TO FIXED RESETTABLE 
INTEREST RATE 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Currency, Denomination. This series of [subordinated] notes is being issued by Nova Ljubljanska 
banka d.d., Ljubljana (the "Issuer") in [insert specified currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the 
aggregate principal amount of [insert specified currency and aggregate principal amount] (in words: [insert 
aggregate principal amount in words]) in the denomination of [insert specified currency and specified 
denomination]5 (the "Specified Denomination") each (the "Notes" and each a "Note"). 
(2) Form. 
(a) 
The Notes are issued in bearer form. 
(b) 
The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary Global Note") 
without interest coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for Notes in the 
Specified Denomination represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note", 
and the Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note together, the "Global Notes" and 
each a "Global Note") without interest coupons. The Temporary Global Note and the Permanent 
Global Note shall each be only valid if they bear the signatures of two authorised representatives 
of the Issuer and have been authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent [in the case of Notes 
deposited on behalf of the ICSDs and the Global Note is an NGN the following applies: and bear 
the handwritten or facsimile signature by or on behalf of the common safekeeper]. Definitive notes 
and interest coupons will not be issued and the right of the Holders to request the issue and delivery 
of definitive notes and interest coupons shall be excluded. 
(c) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be exchangeable for the Permanent Global Note from a date not 
earlier than 40 days after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall only 
be made upon delivery of certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person (other than certain financial 
institutions or certain persons holding Notes through such financial institutions) as required by 
U.S. tax law. Payment of interest on Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note will be made 
only after delivery of such certifications. A separate certification shall be required in respect of 
each such payment of interest. Any such certification received on or after the 40th day after the date 
of issue of the Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to exchange such Temporary 
Global Note pursuant to this § 1(2)(c). Any securities delivered in exchange for the Temporary 
Global Note shall be delivered only outside of the United States (as defined below). 
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "United States" means the United States of America 
(including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the 
U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
(3) Clearing System. The Global Note will be deposited by or on behalf of a Clearing System until all 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking S.A. ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") 
(CBL and Euroclear are each an "ICSD" (International Central Securities Depositary) and together the 
"ICSDs")] [specify other Clearing System] and any successor in such capacity. 
[In the case of Notes deposited on behalf of the ICSDs and the Global Note is a CGN the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") form and are deposited with a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
[In the case of Notes deposited on behalf of the ICSDs and the Global Note is an NGN the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are deposited with a common 
safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global 
Note shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records of 
 
5 
The minimum denomination is EUR 100,000 or at least equivalent in the Specified Currency.

--- Page 69 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
the ICSDs (which expression means the records that each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customers' interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD 
stating the principal amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records 
of the relevant ICSD at that time. On any redemption or payment of interest being made in respect of, or 
purchase and cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer shall procure that 
details of any redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the 
Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, 
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the 
Global Note shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled.] 
On an exchange of a portion only of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note, the Issuer shall 
procure that details of such exchange shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs. 
(4) Certain Definitions. 
"Applicable Supervisory Regulations" means, at any time, any requirements under laws and any 
regulations, requirements, standards, guidelines, policies or other rules thereunder applicable from time to 
time (including, but not limited to, the guidelines and decisions of the European Banking Authority, the 
European Central Bank, the Competent Authority, the Single Resolution Board and/or the Resolution 
Authority, the administrative practice of any such authority, any applicable decision of a court and any 
applicable transitional provisions) relating to prudential requirements and/or resolution and applicable to 
the Issuer, on an individual and/or (sub-)consolidated basis, as the case may be, from time to time, including 
but not limited to the provisions of the ZBan-3, the ZRPPB-1, the ZFPPIPP, the BRRD, the SRMR, the 
CRD IV and the CRR, or such other law, regulation or directive as may come into effect in place thereof, 
as applicable to the Issuer on an individual and/or (sub-)consolidated basis, as the case may be, at the 
relevant time. 
"BRRD" means the Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended or replaced from time to time, and any references 
to relevant provisions of the BRRD in these Terms and Conditions include references to any applicable 
provisions of law amending or replacing such provisions from time to time. 
"Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (i) on which the Clearing System is open 
to effect payments and (ii) which is a T2 Business Day. 
"Competent Authority" means the competent authority pursuant to Article 4(1)(40) CRR and/or 
Article 9(1) SSMR, in each case, which is responsible to supervise the Issuer on an individual basis and/or 
(sub-)consolidated basis. 
"CRD IV" means the Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
(Capital Requirements Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time, and any references to relevant 
provisions of the CRD IV in these Terms and Conditions include references to any applicable provisions 
of law amending or replacing such provisions from time to time. 
"CRR" means the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26°June 
2013 (Capital Requirements Regulation), as amended or replaced from time to time, and any references to 
relevant provisions of the CRR in these Terms and Conditions include references to any applicable 
provisions of law amending or replacing such provisions from time to time. 
"Eligible Liabilities Instruments" means any (directly issued) debt instruments of the Issuer which qualify 
as eligible liabilities instruments pursuant to Article 72b CRR. 
"Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other comparable right in the Global Note 
which may be transferred to a new Holder in accordance with the provisions of the Clearing System. 
"Resolution Authority" means the authority pursuant to Article 4(1)(130) CRR which is responsible for 
recovery or resolution of the Issuer on an individual and/or (sub-)consolidated basis. 
"SRMR" means the Regulation (EU) No 806/2014, as amended or replaced from time to time, and any 
references to relevant provisions of the SRMR in these Terms and Conditions include references to any 
applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such provisions from time to time.

--- Page 70 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
"SSMR" means the Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013, as amended or replaced from time to time, and any 
references to relevant provisions of the SSMR in these Terms and Conditions include references to any 
applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such provisions from time to time. 
"Subsidiary" means any subsidiary of the Issuer pursuant to Article 4(1)(16) CRR. 
"T2 Business Day" means a day on which the real-time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem 
(T2), or any successor or replacement system, is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. 
"Terms and Conditions" means these terms and conditions of the Notes. 
"ZBan-3" means Slovenian Banking Act (Zakon o bančništvu) as amended or replaced from time to time, 
and any references in these Terms and Conditions to relevant articles of the ZBan-3 include references to 
any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such articles from time to time. 
"ZFPPIPP" means the Slovenian Financial Operations, Insolvency Proceedings, and Compulsory 
Dissolution Act (Zakon o finančnem poslovanju, postopkih zaradi insolventnosti in prisilnem prenehanju), 
as amended or replaced from time to time, and any references in these Terms and Conditions to relevant 
articles of the ZFPPIPP include references to any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such 
articles from time to time. 
"ZRPPB-1" means the Slovenian Resolution and Compulsory Winding-Up of Banks Act (Zakon o 
reševanju in prisilnem prenehanju bank), as amended or replaced from time to time, and any references in 
these Terms and Conditions to relevant articles of the ZRPPB-1 include references to any applicable 
provisions of law amending or replacing such articles from time to time. 
§ 2 
STATUS 
[In the case of Preferred Senior Notes the following applies: 
(1) Ranking. The Notes shall qualify as Eligible Liabilities Instruments of the Issuer in the form of Preferred 
Senior Instruments. 
The obligations under the Notes constitute direct and unsecured obligations of the Issuer. In the event of 
normal insolvency proceedings of the Issuer (being bankruptcy proceedings (stečaj) or compulsory 
liquidation (prisilna likvidacija)), all claims under the Notes will rank: 
(a) 
pari passu: (i) among themselves; and (ii) with all other present or future unsecured claims against 
the Issuer which meet the conditions pursuant to Article 230(2)(8) ZRPPB-1; 
(b) 
senior to: (i) all present or future claims against the Issuer under Non-Preferred Senior Instruments; 
and (ii) all present or future subordinated claims against the Issuer which meet the conditions 
pursuant to Article 230(2)(10) or Article 230(2)(11) ZRPPB-1; and 
(c) 
junior to: all present or future claims against the Issuer under the Issuer's Senior Ranking Claims, 
so that in any such event no amounts will be payable in respect of the Notes until the Issuer's Senior 
Ranking Claims have been satisfied in full. 
"Issuer's Senior Ranking Claims" means: all present or future claims against the Issuer, deposits with the 
Issuer and costs of procedure, in each case which meet the conditions pursuant to Article 230(1) ZRPPB-1 
or any of the Articles 230(2)(1) through 230(2)(7) ZRPPB-1. 
"Non-Preferred Senior Instruments" means all non-preferred senior instruments which meet the 
conditions pursuant to Article 230(2)(9) ZRPPB-1. 
"Preferred Senior Instruments" means all preferred senior instruments which meet the conditions 
pursuant to Article 230(2)(8) ZRPPB-1.] 
[In the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes the following applies: 
(1) Ranking. The Notes shall qualify as Eligible Liabilities Instruments of the Issuer in the form of Non-
Preferred Senior Instruments.

--- Page 71 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
The obligations under the Notes constitute direct and unsecured obligations of the Issuer. In the event of 
normal insolvency proceedings of the Issuer (being bankruptcy proceedings (stečaj) or compulsory 
liquidation (prisilna likvidacija)), all claims under the Notes will rank: 
(a) 
pari passu: (i) among themselves; and (ii) with all other present or future claims against the Issuer 
from Non-Preferred Senior Instruments; 
(b) 
senior to all present or future subordinated claims against the Issuer which meet the conditions 
pursuant to Article 230(2)(10) or Article 230(2)(11) ZRPPB-1; and 
(c) 
junior to all present or future claims against the Issuer under the Issuer's Senior Ranking Claims, 
so that in any such event no amounts will be payable in respect of the Notes until the Issuer's Senior 
Ranking Claims have been satisfied in full. 
"Issuer's Senior Ranking Claims" means: all present or future claims against the Issuer, deposits with the 
Issuer and costs of procedure, in each case which meet the conditions pursuant to Article 230(1) ZRPPB-1 
or any of the Articles 230(2)(1) through 230(2)(8) ZRPPB-1. 
"Non-Preferred Senior Instruments" means all non-preferred senior instruments which meet the 
conditions pursuant to Article 230(2)(9) ZRPPB-1.] 
[In the case of Subordinated Notes the following applies: 
(1) Ranking. The Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 Instruments. 
The obligations under the Notes constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
In the event of normal insolvency proceedings of the Issuer (being bankruptcy proceedings (stečaj) or 
compulsory liquidation (prisilna likvidacija)), all claims against the Issuer under the Notes will rank: 
(a) 
pari passu: (i) among themselves; and (ii) with all other present or future claims under Tier 2 
Instruments of the Issuer; 
(b) 
senior to all present or future claims from: (i) Additional Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer pursuant 
to Article 52 CRR; and (ii) ordinary shares of the Issuer and any other Common Equity Tier 1 
instruments of the Issuer pursuant to Article 28 CRR; and (iii) all other subordinated instruments 
or obligations of the Issuer that result from own funds items of the Issuer ranking pari passu with 
the instruments or obligations referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) of this § 2(1)(b) or other instruments 
or obligations ranking or expressed to rank junior to the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes; 
and 
(c) 
junior to all present or future claims under Issuer's Senior Ranking Claims, so that in any such 
event no amounts will be payable in respect of the Notes until the Issuer's Senior Ranking Claims 
have been satisfied in full. 
"Issuer's Senior Ranking Claims" means all present or future claims under: (i) unsubordinated 
instruments or obligations of the Issuer; (ii) Eligible Liabilities Instruments of the Issuer and any debt 
instruments that qualify as eligible liabilities items pursuant to transitional provisions under the CRR; and 
(iii) subordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer that rank senior to Tier 2 Instruments (such as 
claims that do not result from an own funds item of the Issuer). 
"Tier 2 Instruments" means any capital instruments of the Issuer which meet the conditions laid down in 
Article 63 CRR, including any capital (or other) instruments that are (fully or partly) recognised as Tier 2 
items pursuant to transitional provisions under the CRR.] 
(2) No Set-off/Netting. The Notes are not subject to any set-off arrangements or netting rights that would 
undermine their capacity to absorb losses in resolution, insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer.

--- Page 72 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
(3) No Security/Guarantee and No Enhancement of Seniority. The Notes are neither secured, nor subject to 
any guarantee that enhances the seniority of the claims under the Notes. The Notes are not subject to any 
arrangement, contractual or otherwise, that enhances the seniority of the claims under the Notes in 
insolvency or liquidation. No security or guarantee of whatever kind is, or shall at any time be, provided 
by the Issuer or any other person securing rights of the Holders. 
(4) Note on the possibility of statutory resolution measures. Prior to any normal insolvency proceedings of 
the Issuer (being bankruptcy proceedings (stečaj) or compulsory liquidation (prisilna likvidacija)), under 
the Applicable Supervisory Regulations, the Resolution Authority may exercise the power to write down 
(including to zero) the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, convert the Notes into shares or other 
instruments of ownership of the Issuer, in each case in whole or in part, or apply any other resolution tool 
or action, including (but not limited to) any deferral or transfer of the obligations to another entity, an 
amendment of the Terms and Conditions or a cancellation of the Notes. The Holders shall be bound by the 
exercise of the power to write down or convert or the taking of any resolution action in respect of the Notes. 
No Holder shall have any claim or other right against the Issuer arising out of any exercise of the power to 
write down or convert or the taking of any resolution action. In particular, any exercise of the power to 
write down or convert or the taking of any resolution action shall not constitute a default. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Resolution Authority of the actual exercise of any 
statutory resolution tool or action with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the Holders without 
delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to notify the Holders shall not affect the validity and enforceability 
of the statutory resolution tool or action nor the effects on the Notes described in this § 2(4). 
(5) If the Notes are redeemed or repurchased by the Issuer otherwise than in the circumstances described 
in this § 2 or § 5([7]), then the amounts redeemed or paid must be returned to the Issuer irrespective of any 
agreement to the contrary unless the Competent Authority has given its prior consent to such redemption 
or repurchase. 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. The Notes shall bear interest on their Specified 
Denomination at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Rate of Interest (as defined below) from and 
including [insert Interest Commencement Date] (the "Interest Commencement Date"). 
Interest for each Interest Period shall be paid [quarterly] [semi-annually] [annually] [insert other applicable 
period] in arrear on [insert Interest Payment Date(s)] in each year (each such date, an "Interest Payment 
Date"), commencing on [insert first Interest Payment Date] [in the case of a short or long first interest 
period insert: ([short] [long] first coupon)]. 
The applicable "Rate of Interest" will be, 
(a) 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the [First] Reset Date, a 
fixed rate of [●] per cent. per annum; and 
(b) 
thereafter from and including [the] [each] Reset Date to but excluding the [next following Reset 
Date and, in the case of the final Reset Period, from and including the final Reset Date to but 
excluding the] Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)), the [relevant] Reset Rate determined in 
accordance with § 3(3). 
[in the case of a short or long first interest period insert: The first payment of interest will amount to a 
broken interest amount of [insert initial broken interest amount per Specified Denomination] per Specified 
Denomination.] 
"Interest Period" means the period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding 
the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including an Interest Payment Date to 
but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
(2) Calculation of Amount of Interest. If the amount of interest payable under the Notes is required to be 
calculated for any period of time such amount of interest shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
applying the prevailing Rate of Interest to the Specified Denomination, multiplying such amount by the

--- Page 73 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
Day Count Fraction (as defined below), and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest EUR 0.01 with 
EUR 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Calculation Period ends, the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period divided by the 
number of calendar days in such Determination Period; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than the Determination Period during which the Calculation 
Period ends, the sum of: 
(i) 
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Calculation Period begins divided by the number of calendar days in such 
Determination Period; and 
(ii) 
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the number of calendar days in such Determination Period. 
Where: 
"Determination Period" means each period from and including a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date. 
"Determination Date" means [insert Determination Date(s)] in each year. 
(3) Determination of the Reset Rate and the Reference Rate. 
(a) 
Reset Rate. The Rate of Interest for the [relevant] Reset Period ([the] [each a] "Reset Rate") will 
be the sum of the Reference Rate (as defined below) and the Margin (as defined below). 
The Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate for [the] [each] Reset Period in 
accordance with this § 3(3)(b) on the Reset Determination Date (as defined below). 
(b) 
Reference Rate. The "Reference Rate" for [the] [each] Reset Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Reset Determination Date [prior to the Reset Date on which the relevant 
Reset Period commences] as follows: 
(i) 
If the Reset Period is commencing prior to the occurrence of the Effective Date (as defined 
in § 3(3)(d)(vii)), the following will apply: 
(A) 
The Reference Rate will be equal to the Original Benchmark Rate on the Reset 
Determination Date. 
(B) 
If the Original Benchmark Rate does not appear on the Screen Page as at the 
relevant time on the relevant Reset Determination Date, the Reference Rate shall 
be equal to the Original Benchmark Rate on the Screen Page on the last day 
preceding the Reset Determination Date on which such Original Benchmark Rate 
was displayed. 
[In the case of any coupon frequency other than annual pay the following applies: 
(C) 
For purposes of determining the Reference Rate in accordance with 
§ 3(3)(b)(i)(A) or (B) the Original Benchmark Rate so determined will be 
converted by the Calculation Agent to [in the case of a quarterly pay insert: a 
quarterly rate] [in the case of a semi-annual pay insert: a semi-annual rate] 
[insert other applicable period] in a commercially reasonable manner.] 
(ii) 
If [the] [a] Reset Period is commencing on or after the relevant Effective Date, the 
Reference Rate on the [relevant] Reset Determination Date will be determined in 
accordance with § 3(3)(d).

--- Page 74 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
(iii) 
If, in the determination of the Issuer, the determination of the Reference Rate would cause 
a Regulatory Event or could reasonably be expected to entitle the Issuer to redeem the 
Notes for regulatory reasons pursuant to § 5(5)(a) and/or would prejudice the qualification 
of the Notes as [Tier 2 Instruments and/or as] Eligible Liabilities Instruments, the 
Reference Rate applicable to the [first and each subsequent] Reset Period shall be the 
applicable Fallback Rate (as defined in § 3(3)(d)(vi)). 
"Margin" means [insert initial credit spread determined at pricing (which shall not include any 
increase of the rate of interest or other incentive to redeem the Notes)] per cent. per annum. 
"Original Benchmark Rate" on a T2 Business Day means the annual Euro Mid Swap Rate 
(expressed as a percentage per annum) as at 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), as displayed on the Screen 
Page as at or around 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or a later time at which the Euro Mid Swap Rate 
becomes available on the Screen Page) on such T2 Business Day. For these purposes "Euro Mid 
Swap Rate" means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg of a 
fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in Euro which (x) has a term of [insert applicable 
term] years and (y) has a floating leg based on the [6-month] [insert other tenor of floating leg] 
EURIBOR rate (or the EURIBOR rate for such other tenor as is the then prevailing market standard 
tenor for such fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transactions in Euro). 
"Reset Date" means [insert date] [(the "First Reset Date") and each [●]th anniversary of the 
immediately preceding Reset Date]. 
"Reset Period" means [the period from and including the Reset Date to but excluding the Maturity 
Date] [each period from and including the First Reset Date to but excluding the next following 
Reset Date and thereafter from and including each Reset Date to but excluding the next following 
Reset Date]. 
Where: 
"Reset Determination Date" means the [second T2 Business Day prior to the relevant Reset Date] 
[insert other applicable reset determination date description]. 
"Screen Page" means the [Reuters screen "ICESWAP2" under the heading "EURIBOR BASIS" 
and the caption "11:00 AM Frankfurt time" (as such headings and captions may appear from time 
to time)] [insert other applicable original screen page] (the "Original Screen Page"). If the 
Original Screen Page permanently ceases to exist or permanently ceases to quote the Original 
Benchmark Rate but such quotation is available from another page selected by the Issuer in its 
reasonable discretion (the "Replacement Screen Page"), the "Screen Page" shall be the 
Replacement Screen Page with effect from the date on which the Replacement Screen Page is 
selected by the Issuer. 
(c) 
Notification of Reset Rate. The Calculation Agent will cause any Reset Rate to be notified to the 
Issuer, any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed at the initiative of the 
Issuer (if required by the rules of such stock exchange) and to the Holders in accordance with § 11 
as soon as possible after its determination. 
(d) 
Benchmark Event. If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Original Benchmark Rate, the 
Reference Rate and the interest on the Notes in accordance with § 3(3)(a) and 3(3)(b) will be 
determined as follows: 
(i) 
Successor Benchmark Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate. 
(A) 
If the Issuer determines in its reasonable discretion that there is a Successor 
Benchmark Rate (as defined in § 3(3)(d)(vi)), then the Issuer shall determine in 
its reasonable discretion such Successor Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread 
(as defined in § 3(3)(d)(vi)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance 
with § 3(3)(d)(vi)) (if required) as soon as this is required following the 
occurrence of the Benchmark Event and prior to the Reset Determination Date.

--- Page 75 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
(B) 
If the Issuer determines in its reasonable discretion that there is no Successor 
Benchmark Rate but that there may be an Alternative Benchmark Rate (as defined 
in § 3(3)(d)(vi)), then the Issuer shall, as soon as this is required following the 
occurrence of the Benchmark Event and prior to the Reset Determination Date, 
endeavour to appoint an Independent Adviser, who will determine the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments. 
(ii) 
New Benchmark Rate. 
(A) 
If the Issuer determines in accordance with § 3(3)(d)(i)(A) that there is a 
Successor Benchmark Rate, then such Successor Benchmark Rate shall 
subsequently be the New Benchmark Rate. 
(B) 
If the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer determines in accordance with 
§ 3(3)(d)(i)(B) that there is an Alternative Benchmark Rate, then such Alternative 
Benchmark Rate shall subsequently be the New Benchmark Rate. 
(C) 
In either case the Reference Rate for the Reset Period commencing immediately 
after the Effective Date [and, subject to § 3(3)(d)(viii) all following Reset 
Periods], will then be the sum of 
(1) 
the New Benchmark Rate on the Reset Determination Date; and 
(2) 
the Adjustment Spread, 
provided that, for purposes of the determination of the Reset Rate, if the New 
Benchmark Rate is not expressed as [in the case of a quarterly pay insert: a 
quarterly rate] [in the case of a semi-annual pay insert: semi-annual rate] [in the 
case of an annual pay insert: annual rate] [insert other applicable period], such 
Reference Rate will be converted by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer, as the 
case may be, to [in the case of a quarterly pay insert: a quarterly] [in the case of 
a semi-annual pay insert: a semi-annual] [in the case of an annual pay insert: 
an annual rate] [insert other applicable period] in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
(iii) 
Fallback Rate. If, prior to the 10th Business Day prior to the Reset Determination Date, 
(A) 
the Issuer has not determined a Successor Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread or the Benchmark Amendments (if required) in accordance with 
§ 3(3)(d)(i)(A) and (ii)(A); and 
(B) 
 
(1) 
the Issuer has not appointed an Independent Adviser in accordance with 
§ 3(3)(d)(i)(B); or 
(2) 
the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer has not determined an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread or the Benchmark 
Amendments (if required) in accordance with § 3(3)(d)(i)(B) and (ii)(B), 
then the Reference Rate applicable to the Reset Period shall be the applicable 
Fallback Rate (as defined in § 3(3)(d)(vi)). 
[If the Fallback Rate determined in accordance with this § 3(3)(d)(iii) is to be 
applied, this § 3(3)(d)(iii) will be operated again to determine the Reference Rate 
applicable to the next subsequent (and, if required, further subsequent) Reset 
Period(s).]

--- Page 76 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments. If any relevant New Benchmark Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread are determined in accordance with this § 3(3)(d), and if the Issuer or 
the Independent Adviser, as applicable, determines in its reasonable discretion that 
amendments to these Terms and Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such New Benchmark Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, 
the "Benchmark Amendments"), then the Issuer or the Independent Adviser, as 
applicable, will determine the Benchmark Amendments in its reasonable discretion. 
The Benchmark Amendments may include, without limitation, the following conditions 
of these Terms and Conditions: 
(A) 
the determination of the Reference Rate in accordance with § 3(3)(b) and this 
§ 3(3)(d); and/or 
(B) 
the definitions of the terms "Business Day", "Interest Payment Date", "Reset 
Date", "Reset Period", "Day Count Fraction" and/or "Reset Determination Date" 
(including the determination whether the Reference Rate will be determined on a 
forward looking or a backward looking basis); and/or 
(C) 
the business day convention in § 4(4). 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
(A) 
The Issuer will notify any New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) or the Fallback Rate, as the case may be, 
determined under this § 3(3)(d) to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Calculation Agent as soon as such notification is (in the Issuer's view) required 
following the determination thereof, but in any event not later than on the 10th 
Business Day prior to the Reset Determination Date. Such notice shall specify the 
Effective Date. 
On or prior to the date of such notice, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
and the Calculation Agent a certificate signed by two authorized signatories of 
the Issuer: 
(I) 
 
(1) 
confirming that a Benchmark Event has occurred; 
(2) 
specifying the relevant New Benchmark Rate, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) or 
the Fallback Rate, as the case may be, each determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this § 3(3)(d); and 
(3) 
specifying the Effective Date; and 
(II) 
confirming that the Benchmark Amendments, if any, are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of the New Benchmark Rate and/or the 
applicable Adjustment Spread. 
(B) 
The Issuer will notify any New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) or the Fallback Rate, as the case may be, 
determined under this § 3(3)(d) to the Holders in accordance with § 11 as soon as 
practicable after the notice in accordance with clause (A) has been made. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the Effective Date. 
(C) 
The New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) or the Fallback Rate, as the case may be, each as specified 
in any the notice in accordance with clause (B), will be binding on the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent and the Holders (for the 
avoidance of doubt: no consent of the Holders shall be required). The New 
Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments, if

--- Page 77 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
any, or the Fallback Rate, as the case may be, shall take effect on the Effective 
Date. The Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to have been amended 
accordingly from and including the Effective Date. 
(vi) 
Definitions. As used in this § 3(3)(d): 
The "Adjustment Spread", which may be positive, negative or zero, will be expressed in 
basis points and means either: (a) the spread; or (b) the result of the operation of the 
formula or methodology for calculating the spread, which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Benchmark Rate, is formally recommended in relation 
to the replacement of the Original Benchmark Rate with the Successor 
Benchmark Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no recommendation pursuant to clause (A) has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate) is customarily applied to the New Benchmark Rate 
in the international debt capital markets to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement benchmark rate for the Original Benchmark Rate, provided that all 
determinations will be made by the Issuer or the Independent Adviser, as 
applicable, in its reasonable discretion; or 
(C) 
(if the Issuer or the Independent Adviser, as applicable, in its reasonable 
discretion determines that no such spread is customarily applied and that the 
following would be appropriate for the Notes) is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Benchmark Rate, where the Original Benchmark Rate has 
been replaced by the New Benchmark Rate, provided that all determinations will 
be made by the Issuer or the Independent Adviser, as applicable, in its reasonable 
discretion. 
If the Issuer or the Independent Adviser, as applicable, does not determine such 
Adjustment Spread, then the Adjustment Spread will be zero. 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" means an alternative benchmark or an alternative screen 
rate which is customarily applied in the international debt capital markets (or, 
alternatively, the international swap markets) for the purpose of determining rates of 
interest based on mid swap rates with a [5-year] maturity in the Specified Currency, 
provided that all determinations will be made by the Independent Adviser in its reasonable 
discretion. 
A "Benchmark Event" occurs if: 
(A) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the regulatory 
supervisor of the Original Benchmark Rate administrator is made, stating that said 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Original Benchmark Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, unless there is a successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Original Benchmark Rate; or 
(B) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the Original 
Benchmark Rate administrator is made, stating that said administrator has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Original Benchmark Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
unless there is a successor administrator that will continue to provide the Original 
Benchmark Rate; or 
(C) 
a public statement by the regulatory supervisor of the Original Benchmark Rate 
administrator is made that, in its view, the Original Benchmark Rate is no longer, 
or will no longer be, representative of the underlying market it purports to 
measure and no action to remediate such a situation is taken or expected to be 
taken as required by the supervisor of the Original Benchmark Rate administrator; 
or

--- Page 78 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
(D) 
it has become, for any reason, unlawful under any law or regulation applicable to 
any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party to use the 
Original Benchmark Rate; or 
(E) 
the Original Benchmark Rate is permanently no longer published without a 
previous official announcement by the competent authority of the administrator. 
"Fallback Rate" means, [(x) for each Reset Period except the first Reset Period, the 
Reference Rate determined on the last preceding Reset Determination Date or (y)] for the 
[first] Reset Period, [insert [(i) the reoffer yield determined at the time of pricing of the 
Notes minus (ii) the Margin] [other fallback rate]] per cent. per annum. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
"New Benchmark Rate" means the Successor Benchmark Rate or, as the case may be, 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate determined in accordance with this § 3(3)(d). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of the replacement of the Original 
Benchmark Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof. 
"Successor Benchmark Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Benchmark Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(vii) 
Effective Date. The effective date for the application of the New Benchmark Rate, the 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) determined under § 3(3)(d) 
(the "Effective Date") will be the Reset Determination Date falling on or after the earliest 
of the following dates: 
(A) 
if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a result of clauses (A), (B) or (C) of the 
definition of the term "Benchmark Event", the date of cessation of publication of 
the Original Benchmark Rate, the date of the discontinuation of the Original 
Benchmark Rate or the date as from which the Original Benchmark Rate is no 
longer, or will no longer be, representative, as the case may be; or 
(B) 
if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a result of clause (D) of the definition of 
the term "Benchmark Event", the date from which the prohibition applies; or 
(C) 
if the Benchmark Event has occurred as a result of clause (E) of the definition of 
the term "Benchmark Event", the date of the occurrence of the Benchmark Event. 
(viii) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to any New Benchmark Rate, this § 3(3)(d) shall 
apply mutatis mutandis to the replacement of such New Benchmark Rate by any new 
Successor Benchmark Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, as the case may be. In this 
case, any reference in this § 3(3) to the term "Original Benchmark Rate" shall be deemed 
to be a reference to the New Benchmark Rate last applied.

--- Page 79 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
(ix) 
Any reference in this § 3(3) to the term Original Benchmark Rate shall be deemed to 
include a reference to any component part thereof, if any, if a Benchmark Event in respect 
of that component part has occurred. 
(x) 
No adjustment to the Reference Rate will be made in accordance with this § 3(3)(d) if and 
to the extent that as a result of such adjustment the Issuer were to be entitled to redeem the 
Notes for regulatory reasons in accordance with § 5(5). 
(e) 
Determinations Binding. All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of 
this § 3 by the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, any Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, inequitableness or manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent(s) and the Holders and, in the absence of the aforesaid, 
no liability to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents or the Holders shall attach to the 
Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(4) Cessation of Interest Accrual. The Notes shall cease to bear interest from the expiry of the calendar day 
preceding their due date for redemption. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall 
continue to accrue on the Specified Denomination of the Notes from and including the due date for 
redemption to but excluding the date of actual redemption of the Notes at the applicable rate of interest 
determined pursuant to this § 3. This does not affect any additional rights that might be available to the 
Holders. 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1) Payments of Principal and Interest. 
(a) 
Payment of principal on the Notes shall be made, subject to § 4(2) below, to the Clearing System 
or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System. 
(b) 
Payment of interest and any Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7(1)) on the Notes shall be made, 
subject to § 4(2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the 
relevant accountholders of the Clearing System, upon due certification as provided in § 1(2)(c). 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of amounts 
due in respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) Business Day Convention. If the due date for payment of any amount of principal or interest in respect 
of any Note is not a Business Day (as defined in § 1(4)), then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment 
until the next day that is a Business Day and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in 
respect of such delay (the Interest Period shall not be adjusted accordingly). 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. References in these Terms and Conditions to "principal" in respect 
of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, the Specified Denomination, any premium and any 
other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. References in 
these Terms and Conditions to "interest" in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, 
any Additional Amounts which may be payable under § 7(1). 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed or repurchased and cancelled (in each case, in 
whole or in part), the Notes shall be redeemed at their principal amount on [if Interest Periods are subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the applicable business day convention, the following applies: the 
Interest Payment Date falling on or around] [insert Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date"). 
(2) No right of termination or acceleration by the Holders. The Holders shall have no right to terminate or 
to demand (or otherwise accelerate) the redemption of the Notes.

--- Page 80 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, any acceleration cannot occur in resolution (or moratorium) imposed against 
the Issuer. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer, the following applies: 
(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon giving not less than five Business Days' and not more than 40 Business Days' 
prior notice in accordance with § 5(3)(b), redeem, on (any of) the Optional Redemption Date(s), 
all but not some only of the Notes at their Specified Denomination together with accrued and 
unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date specified in the notice. 
Any such early redemption pursuant to this § 5(3) shall only be possible if the conditions to 
redemption and repurchase set out in § 5([7]) are met. 
"Optional Redemption Date(s)": 
[insert Optional Redemption Date(s)]6 
(b) 
The notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance with § 11. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption, including the securities codes; and 
(ii) 
the Optional Redemption Date on which the Issuer will redeem the Notes.] 
[If the Notes are not subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for reasons other than 
pursuant to § 5(4) or § 5(5) [or § 5(6)], the following applies: 
(3) No Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. The Notes may not be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer prior to their Maturity Date other than in the case of an early redemption pursuant to § 5(4)[,] [or] 
§ 5(5) [or § 5(6)].] 
(4) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. 
(a) 
If a Tax Event (as defined below) occurs, the Issuer may at any time, upon giving not less than five 
Business Days' and not more than 40 Business Days' prior notice in accordance with § 5(4)(b), 
redeem, all but not some only of the Notes, on the date fixed for redemption specified in the notice, 
at their Specified Denomination together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding 
the date fixed for redemption, provided that in the event of the occurrence of a Gross-up Event (as 
defined below) no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 calendar days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such Additional Amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Any such early redemption pursuant to this § 5(4) shall only be possible if the conditions to 
redemption and repurchase set out in § 5([7]) are met. 
A "Tax Event" occurs if there is a Tax Deductibility Event or a Gross-up Event, which change or 
amendment or clarification: (x) subject to (y), becomes effective on or after the issue date of the 
Notes; or (y) in the case of a change, if such change is enacted on or after the issue date of the 
Notes. 
Where: 
A "Gross-up Event" occurs if there is a change in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes based 
on a decision or change in law, regulation or interpretation of the tax authority of the Republic of 
Slovenia (or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax) 
having competence over the Issuer which becomes effective on or after the issue date of the Notes, 
 
6 
In the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the (first) Optional Redemption Date must not be earlier 
than the first anniversary of the issue date of the last tranche of the relevant series of Notes. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the (first) Optional Redemption Date must not be earlier than the fifth anniversary of the issue 
date of the last tranche of the relevant series of Notes.

--- Page 81 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
as a result of which the Issuer has paid, or will or would on the next Interest Payment Date be 
required to pay, any Additional Amounts pursuant to § 7(1). 
A "Tax Deductibility Event" occurs if there is a change in the applicable tax treatment of the 
Notes based on a decision or change in law, regulation or interpretation of the tax authority of the 
Republic of Slovenia (or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax) having competence over the Issuer which becomes effective on or after the issue date of the 
Notes as a result of which the Issuer, in computing its taxation liabilities in the Republic of 
Slovenia, would not be entitled to claim a deduction in respect of interest paid on the Notes, or 
such deductibility is materially reduced. 
(b) 
The notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance with § 11. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption, including the securities codes; 
(ii) 
the date on which the Issuer will redeem the Notes; and 
(iii) 
the reason for such call and redemption.] 
[In the case of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes the following applies: 
(5) Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons. 
(a) 
If a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, the Issuer may at any time, upon giving not less than 
five Business Days' and not more than 40 Business Days' prior notice in accordance with 
§ 5(5)([c]), redeem, on the date fixed for redemption specified in the notice, all but not some only 
of the Notes at their Specified Denomination together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to 
but excluding the date fixed for redemption. 
An "MREL Disqualification Event" occurs if, after the date of issuance of the last tranche of this 
series of Notes, there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Notes that would be likely 
to result or has resulted in their exclusion in full or in part from eligible liabilities according to the 
SRMR for purposes of the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) 
pursuant to the SRMR (on an individual and/or consolidated basis) of the Issuer, except where such 
exclusion would merely be based on the remaining tenor of the Notes being less than any minimum 
period prescribed in the SRMR or on any applicable limits on the inclusion of the Notes in the 
eligible liabilities items (on an individual and/or consolidated basis) of the Issuer being exceeded. 
Any such early redemption pursuant to this § 5(5) shall only be possible if the conditions to 
redemption and repurchase set out in § 5([7]) are met. 
(b) 
The notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance with § 11. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption, including the securities codes; 
(ii) 
the date on which the Issuer will redeem the Notes; and 
(iii) 
the reason for such call and redemption.] 
[In the case of Subordinated Notes the following applies: 
(5) Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons or for Reasons of Non-Approval. 
(a) 
Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons. If a Regulatory Event occurs, the Issuer may at any 
time, upon giving not less than five Business Days' and not more than 40 Business Days' prior 
notice in accordance with § 5(5)(c), redeem, on the date fixed for redemption specified in the 
notice, all but not some only of the Notes at their Specified Denomination together with accrued 
and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 82 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
A "Regulatory Event" occurs if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Notes 
which becomes effective on or after the issue date of the Notes that would be likely to result in 
their exclusion in full or in part from own funds or reclassification as a lower quality form of own 
funds (in each case, on an individual and/or consolidated basis of the Issuer) (other than as a 
consequence of the amortisation in accordance with Article 64 CRR). 
Any such early redemption pursuant to this § 5(5) shall only be possible if the conditions to 
redemption and repurchase set out in § 5([7]) are met. 
(b) 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Non-Approval. If a Non-Approval Event occurs, the Issuer may 
at any time, upon giving not less than five Business Days' and not more than 40 Business Days' 
prior notice in accordance with § 5(5)(c), redeem all but not only some of the Notes in whole, but 
not in part, on the date of redemption specified in the notice, at their Specified Denomination 
together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, to but excluding the date of redemption. 
A "Non-Approval Event" occurs if, by [insert applicable date], the Issuer fails to obtain the 
permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 149(2) ZBan-3 to include the Notes in 
whole in the calculation of its Tier 2 capital pursuant to Article 71 CRR. 
(c) 
The notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance with § 11. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption, including the securities codes; 
(ii) 
the date on which the Issuer will redeem the Notes; and 
(iii) 
the reason for such call and redemption.] 
[If the Notes are subject to early redemption at the option of the Issuer for Minimal Outstanding 
Aggregate Principal Amount, the following applies: 
(6) Early Redemption for Minimal Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount. 
(a) 
If at any time the aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding and held by persons other 
than the Issuer and its Subsidiaries has fallen to [20] per cent. or less of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes originally issued (including any Notes additionally issued in accordance with 
§ 10(1)), the Issuer may, upon giving not less than five Business Days' and not more than 40 
Business Days' prior notice in accordance with § 5(6)(b), redeem all but not some only of the Notes, 
on the date fixed for redemption specified in the notice, at their Specified Denomination together 
with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the date fixed for redemption. 
Any such early redemption pursuant to this § 5(6) shall only be possible if the conditions to 
redemption and repurchase set out in § 5([7]) are met. 
(b) 
The notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance with § 11. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption, including the securities codes; 
(ii) 
the date on which the Issuer will redeem the Notes; and 
(iii) 
the reason for such call and redemption.] 
[In the case of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes the following applies: 
([7]) Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase. Any early redemption pursuant to § 5(3), § 5(4)[,] [or] 
§ 5(5) [or § 5(6)] and any repurchase pursuant to § 10(2) are subject to the Resolution Authority (or any 
other relevant supervisory authority) having granted the Issuer the prior permission in accordance with 
Articles 77(2) and 78a CRR or any successor provision for the early redemption or the repurchase, if 
applicable to the Issuer at that point in time, which may, inter alia, require that:

--- Page 83 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
(a) 
the Issuer (before or at the same time as any early redemption or repurchase) replaces the Notes 
with own funds instruments or eligible liabilities of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Resolution Authority that the own funds and 
eligible liabilities of the Issuer would, following any early redemption or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities provided in the CRR, the CRD IV and the BRRD 
by a margin that the Resolution Authority, in agreement with the Competent Authority, considers 
necessary at such time; or 
(c) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Resolution Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the Notes with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure compliance with the 
own funds requirements laid down in the CRR and in the CRD IV for continuing authorisation. 
In the case of any early redemption pursuant to § 5(4), obtaining such permission may require that the Issuer 
has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Resolution Authority (or any other relevant supervisory 
authority) that the applicable change in tax treatment is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at 
the date of issuance of the last tranche of this series of Notes. 
In the case of any early redemption pursuant to § 5(5), obtaining such permission may require that the 
Resolution Authority (or any other relevant supervisory authority) considers the MREL Disqualification 
Event to be sufficiently certain and the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Resolution 
Authority (or any other relevant supervisory authority) that the MREL Disqualification Event was not 
reasonably foreseeable as at the date of issuance of the last tranche of this series of Notes. 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any early redemption or repurchase, the prevailing 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations applicable to the Issuer permit the early redemption or repurchase only 
after compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out above, the Issuer 
shall comply with such other and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-conditions, if any. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal or failure of the Resolution Authority (or any other relevant 
supervisory authority) to grant any permission, approval or other consent required in accordance with the 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations shall not constitute a default for any purpose.] 
[In the case of Subordinated Notes the following applies: 
([7]) Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase. Any early redemption pursuant to § 5(3), § 5(4)[,] [or] 
§ 5(5) [or § 5(6)] and any repurchase pursuant to § 10(2) is subject to the Competent Authority having 
granted the Issuer the prior permission in accordance with Articles 77 and 78 CRR or any successor 
provision for the early redemption or repurchase which may, inter alia, require: 
(a) 
that 
(i) 
either, before or at the same time as the redemption or repurchase, the Issuer replaces the 
Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable 
for the income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the own 
funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer would, following such early redemption or 
repurchase, exceed the requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities laid down in the 
CRR, the CRD IV and the BRRD by a margin that the Competent Authority considers 
necessary at such time; and 
(b) 
in the case of any early redemption or repurchase of the Notes prior to the fifth anniversary of the 
date of issuance of the Notes that: 
(i) 
in the case of any early redemption pursuant to § 5(4), the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the applicable change in tax treatment is 
material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the date of issuance of the last tranche 
of this series of Notes; or

--- Page 84 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of any early redemption pursuant to § 5(5)(a), the Competent Authority 
considers such change to be sufficiently certain and the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the relevant change in the regulatory 
classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the date of issuance of the 
last tranche of this series of Notes; or 
(iii) 
in the case of any early redemption of the Notes in circumstances other than those 
described in clause (b)(i) or (ii) above or any repurchase, the Issuer, earlier than or at the 
same time as the early redemption or the repurchase, replaces the Notes with own funds 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity 
of the Issuer and the Competent Authority has permitted that early redemption or 
repurchase based on the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point 
of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(iv) 
the Notes being repurchased for market making purposes in accordance with the 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations. 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any early redemption or repurchase, the 
prevailing Applicable Supervisory Regulations permit the early redemption or repurchase only 
after compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out above, 
the Issuer shall comply with such other and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-conditions, if any. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal or failure of the Competent Authority (or any other relevant 
supervisory authority) to grant any permission, approval or other consent required in accordance 
with the Applicable Supervisory Regulations shall not constitute a default for any purpose.] 
§ 6 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT(S) AND CALCULATION AGENT 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial Fiscal Agent, the initial Principal Paying Agent [if any 
additional or other paying agent(s) shall be appointed insert: , the initial Paying Agent(s)] and the initial 
Calculation Agent and their respective initial specified offices are: 
Fiscal Agent and Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
[If any additional or other paying agent shall be appointed, insert its name and initial specified office.] 
Calculation Agent: 
[insert name and address of the specified offices of the Calculation Agent] 
Where these Terms and Conditions refer to the term "Paying Agent(s)", such term shall include the Principal 
Paying Agent. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent(s) and the Calculation Agent (the "Agents" and each an "Agent") 
reserve the right at any time to change their respective specified office to some other specified office in the 
same country. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of any Agent and to appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional or other Paying Agents or 
another Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent and (ii) so long as the 
Notes are listed on a stock exchange at the initiative of the Issuer, a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal 
Agent) with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules of such stock exchange or its 
supervisory authorities and (iii) a Calculation Agent. The Issuer will give notice to the Holders of any 
variation, termination, appointment or any other change as soon as possible upon the effectiveness of such 
change.

--- Page 85 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents 
of the Issuer and do not have any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to any Holder. 
(4) Determinations Binding. All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of these 
Terms and Conditions by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, 
bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the other Agents and the Holders and, in the absence 
of the aforesaid, no liability to the Issuer, the other Agents or the Holders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(5) Independent Adviser. If the Issuer appoints an Independent Adviser in accordance with these Terms and 
Conditions, § 6(3) and (4) shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Independent Adviser. 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
(1) General Taxation. All payments of interest in respect of the Notes will be made by the Issuer without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes, duties or governmental charges of whatever nature 
(the "Taxes") imposed or levied by way of withholding or deduction by or on behalf of the Republic of 
Slovenia or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. If such withholding or deduction is required by law, the Issuer 
will, to the extent permitted by law, pay such additional amounts in relation to interest (but not principal) 
as will be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Holder (or a third party on behalf of the 
Holder) after such withholding or deduction will equal the respective amounts which would otherwise have 
been receivable in respect of the Notes in the absence of such withholding or deduction (the "Additional 
Amounts"). However, no such Additional Amounts will be payable: 
(a) 
in respect of any amount payable in respect of a Note received by or on behalf of a person who is 
subject to such Tax in respect of such payment by reason of his being connected with the Republic 
of Slovenia (or any political subdivision thereof) otherwise than merely by holding such Note or 
receiving principal or interest in respect thereof; or 
(b) 
in respect of any amount payable in respect of a Note received by or on behalf of a person who 
would not be liable for or subject to such withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption to the Issuer or relevant tax authority if, after having 
been requested to make such a declaration or claim, such person fails to do so (provided that a 
mechanism is available for such declaration or claim to be provided); or 
(c) 
on account of any Taxes which are payable by any person (including the Issuer) acting as custodian 
bank or collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or by the Issuer if no custodian bank or collecting 
agent is appointed or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a withholding or deduction 
by the Issuer from payments of principal or interest made by it; or 
(d) 
on account of any Taxes withheld or deducted pursuant to an international treaty or a civil law 
agreement concluded by a state and/or one of its political subdivisions and/or one of its authorities 
and/or a group of states on the one hand and the Republic of Slovenia and/or one of its political 
subdivisions and/or the European Union and/or the Issuer and/or an intermediary on the other hand; 
or 
(e) 
on account of any Taxes which are refundable or for which a relief at source is available pursuant 
to the laws of the Republic of Slovenia, a European Union directive or regulation or an international 
treaty or understanding to which the Republic of Slovenia and/or the European Union is a party/are 
parties. 
(2) U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA). The Issuer is authorised to withhold or deduct 
from amounts payable under the Notes to a Holder or beneficial owner of Notes sufficient funds for the 
payment of any tax that it is required to withhold or deduct pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), or that is otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official 
interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another

--- Page 86 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices 
implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a "FATCA 
Withholding"). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in 
respect of FATCA Withholding. 
§ 8 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, JOINT REPRESENTATIVE 
(1) Amendment to the Terms and Conditions. In accordance with the German Act on Issues of Debt 
Securities, as amended (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen) (the "SchVG") and 
subject to compliance with the Applicable Supervisory Regulations for the Notes to qualify as [Eligible 
Liabilities Instruments] [Tier 2 Instruments] (including, for the avoidance of doubt, where relevant, the 
conditions to redemption and repurchase set out in § 5([7])) the Holders may agree with the Issuer on 
amendments to these Terms and Conditions with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG by a Holders' 
resolution (Beschluss) with the majority specified in § 8(2) below. In particular, the Issuer's right under this 
§ 8(1) is subject to the prior permission of the [Resolution Authority] [Competent Authority] (or any other 
relevant supervisory authority) of the Issuer if such consent is required at the time of any such amendment. 
Majority resolutions of the Holders shall be binding on all Holders alike. A majority resolution of the 
Holders which does not provide for identical conditions for all Holders is void unless Holders who are 
disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated disadvantageously. 
(2) Majority. Resolutions relating to material amendments to these Terms and Conditions, in particular 
consents to the measures set out in § 5(3) SchVG shall be passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. 
(qualified majority) of the votes cast. Resolutions relating to amendments to these Terms and Conditions 
which are not material require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
(3) Vote. Resolutions of the Holders shall be made either in a holders' meeting or by means of a vote without 
a meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) (§§ 9 et seq. and § 18 SchVG). The convening notice of a 
Holders' meeting will provide the further details relating to the resolutions and the voting procedure. The 
subject matter of the vote as well as the proposed resolutions will be notified to Holders in the agenda of 
the meeting. The attendance at the Holders' meeting or the exercise of voting rights requires a registration 
of the Holders prior to the meeting. Any such registration must be received at the address stated in the 
convening notice by no later than the third calendar day preceding the Holders' meeting. 
(4) Chair of the Vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the Joint 
Representative (as defined below) has convened the vote, by the Joint Representative. 
(5) Voting Right. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast its vote in accordance with the principal 
amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding Notes. Holders must demonstrate their 
eligibility to participate in the vote at the time of voting by means of a special confirmation of their 
depositary bank and by submission of a blocking instruction by their Custodian (as defined in § 12(3)) for 
the benefit of the Fiscal Agent as depository (Hinterlegungsstelle) for the voting period. 
(6) Notices. Any notices concerning this § 8 shall be made exclusively pursuant to the provisions of the 
SchVG. 
(7) Joint Representative. The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a joint representative (the "Joint 
Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on behalf of each Holder. The Joint Representative shall 
have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority resolution of the Holders. The Joint 
Representative shall comply with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the Joint Representative 
has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, the Holders shall not be entitled to assert such 
rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The Joint 
Representative shall provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply 
with regard to the recall and the other rights and obligations of the Joint Representative.

--- Page 87 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
§ 9 
PRESENTATION PERIOD, PRESCRIPTION 
The period for presentation of the Notes (§ 801(1) sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch – BGB)) shall be reduced to ten years and the period of limitation for claims under the Notes 
presented during the period for presentation shall be two years calculated from the expiry of the relevant 
presentation period. 
§ 10 
FURTHER ISSUES OF NOTES, 
REPURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION 
(1) Further Issues of Notes. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders and 
subject to regulatory and other statutory provisions, issue further Notes having the same terms as the Notes 
in all respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, issue price, interest commencement date and/or 
first interest payment date) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
(2) Repurchases. The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries may repurchase any Notes in the open market or 
otherwise at any price at any time, provided however that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of 
the [Resolution Authority] [Competent Authority] (or any other relevant supervisory authority) for the 
repurchase of the Notes and the further conditions to redemption and repurchase set forth in § 5([7]) are 
met and all applicable regulatory and other statutory restrictions are observed. Notes repurchased by the 
Issuer or any Subsidiary may, at the option of the Issuer or such Subsidiary, be held, resold or surrendered 
for cancellation to the Fiscal Agent. 
(3) Cancellation. Any Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
§ 11 
NOTICES 
(1) Notices of the Issuer. All notices of the Issuer concerning the Notes shall be published: (i) if and for as 
long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com); (ii) if and for as long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange other than 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at the initiative of the Issuer, in such media as determined by law and the 
rules and regulations of such other stock exchange; and, in each case, (iii) in electronic form on the website 
of the Issuer (www.nlb.si). Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the fifth 
calendar day following the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the fifth calendar 
day following the date of the first such publication) unless the notice provides for a later effective date. 
(2) Publication of Notices of the Issuer via the Clearing System. If the publication of notices pursuant to 
§ 11(1) is no longer required by law, the Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the media set forth in § 11(1), 
deliver the relevant notices to the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the seventh calendar day 
after the calendar day on which said notice was given to the Clearing System. 
(3) Form of Notice. Notices regarding the Notes shall only be valid if made in English. 
§ 12 
APPLICABLE LAW, 
PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) Applicable Law. Except as provided in the next sentence, the Notes, as to form and content, and all 
rights and obligations of the Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed by German law, save for the 
provisions in paragraphs (1) to (4) of § 2 (Status) which shall be governed by, and shall be construed 
exclusively in accordance with, Slovenian law. 
(2) Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, shall have non-
exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings (the "Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes. This is subject to any exclusive court of venue for specific legal proceedings in 
connection with the SchVG.

--- Page 88 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Holder and the 
Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own name its rights arising under such Notes on the basis of a 
statement issued by the Custodian (as defined below) with whom such Holder maintains a securities account 
in respect of the Notes: (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder; (b) specifying the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the date of such statement; and (c) 
confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System containing the information 
pursuant to (a) and (b). 
For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution of recognised 
standing authorised to engage in securities custody business with which the Holder maintains a securities 
account in respect of the Notes and includes the Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to 
the foregoing, also protect and enforce its rights under the Notes in any other way which is admitted in the 
country of the proceedings.

--- Page 89 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
OPTION III – USD-DENOMINATED NOTES WITH A FIXED TO FIXED RESETTABLE 
INTEREST RATE 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Currency, Denomination. This series of [subordinated] notes is being issued by Nova Ljubljanska 
banka d.d., Ljubljana (the "Issuer") in [insert specified currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the 
aggregate principal amount of [insert specified currency and aggregate principal amount] (in words: [insert 
aggregate principal amount in words]) in the denomination of [insert specified currency and specified 
denomination]7 (the "Specified Denomination") each (the "Notes" and each a "Note"). 
(2) Form. 
(a) 
The Notes are issued in bearer form. 
(b) 
The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary Global Note") 
without interest coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for Notes in the 
Specified Denomination represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note", 
and the Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note together, the "Global Notes" and 
each a "Global Note") without interest coupons. The Temporary Global Note and the Permanent 
Global Note shall each be only valid if they bear the signatures of two authorised representatives 
of the Issuer and have been authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent [in the case of Notes 
deposited on behalf of the ICSDs and the Global Note is an NGN the following applies: and bear 
the handwritten or facsimile signature by or on behalf of the common safekeeper]. Definitive notes 
and interest coupons will not be issued and the right of the Holders to request the issue and delivery 
of definitive notes and interest coupons shall be excluded. 
(c) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be exchangeable for the Permanent Global Note from a date not 
earlier than 40 days after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall only 
be made upon delivery of certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person (other than certain financial 
institutions or certain persons holding Notes through such financial institutions) as required by 
U.S. tax law. Payment of interest on Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note will be made 
only after delivery of such certifications. A separate certification shall be required in respect of 
each such payment of interest. Any such certification received on or after the 40th day after the date 
of issue of the Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to exchange such Temporary 
Global Note pursuant to this § 1(2)(c). Any securities delivered in exchange for the Temporary 
Global Note shall be delivered only outside of the United States (as defined below). 
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "United States" means the United States of America 
(including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the 
U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
(3) Clearing System. The Global Note will be deposited by or on behalf of a Clearing System until all 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking S.A. ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") 
(CBL and Euroclear are each an "ICSD" (International Central Securities Depositary) and together the 
"ICSDs")] [specify other Clearing System] and any successor in such capacity. 
[In the case of Notes deposited on behalf of the ICSDs and the Global Note is a CGN the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") form and are deposited with a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
[In the case of Notes deposited on behalf of the ICSDs and the Global Note is an NGN the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are deposited with a common 
safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global 
Note shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records of 
 
7 
The minimum denomination is EUR 100,000 or at least equivalent in the Specified Currency.

--- Page 90 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
the ICSDs (which expression means the records that each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customers' interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD 
stating the principal amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records 
of the relevant ICSD at that time. On any redemption or payment of interest being made in respect of, or 
purchase and cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer shall procure that 
details of any redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the 
Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, 
the aggregate principal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the 
Global Note shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled.] 
On an exchange of a portion only of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note, the Issuer shall 
procure that details of such exchange shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs. 
(4) Certain Definitions. 
"Applicable Supervisory Regulations" means, at any time, any requirements under laws and any 
regulations, requirements, standards, guidelines, policies or other rules thereunder applicable from time to 
time (including, but not limited to, the guidelines and decisions of the European Banking Authority, the 
European Central Bank, the Competent Authority, the Single Resolution Board and/or the Resolution 
Authority, the administrative practice of any such authority, any applicable decision of a court and any 
applicable transitional provisions) relating to prudential requirements and/or resolution and applicable to 
the Issuer, on an individual and/or (sub-)consolidated basis, as the case may be, from time to time, including 
but not limited to the provisions of the ZBan-3, the ZRPPB-1, the ZFPPIPP, the BRRD, the SRMR, the 
CRD IV and the CRR, or such other law, regulation or directive as may come into effect in place thereof, 
as applicable to the Issuer on an individual and/or (sub-)consolidated basis, as the case may be, at the 
relevant time. 
"BRRD" means the Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended or replaced from time to time, and any references 
to relevant provisions of the BRRD in these Terms and Conditions include references to any applicable 
provisions of law amending or replacing such provisions from time to time. 
"Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which (i) the Clearing System is open 
and (ii) commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [insert all relevant financial 
centres] [insert, as applicable: and (iii) which is a T2 Business Day]. 
"Competent Authority" means the competent authority pursuant to Article 4(1)(40) CRR and/or 
Article 9(1) SSMR, in each case, which is responsible to supervise the Issuer on an individual basis and/or 
(sub-)consolidated basis. 
"CRD IV" means the Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
(Capital Requirements Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time, and any references to relevant 
provisions of the CRD IV in these Terms and Conditions include references to any applicable provisions 
of law amending or replacing such provisions from time to time. 
"CRR" means the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26°June 
2013 (Capital Requirements Regulation), as amended or replaced from time to time, and any references to 
relevant provisions of the CRR in these Terms and Conditions include references to any applicable 
provisions of law amending or replacing such provisions from time to time. 
"Eligible Liabilities Instruments" means any (directly issued) debt instruments of the Issuer which qualify 
as eligible liabilities instruments pursuant to Article 72b CRR. 
"Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other comparable right in the Global Note 
which may be transferred to a new Holder in accordance with the provisions of the Clearing System. 
"Resolution Authority" means the authority pursuant to Article 4(1)(130) CRR which is responsible for 
recovery or resolution of the Issuer on an individual and/or (sub-)consolidated basis.

--- Page 91 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
"SRMR" means the Regulation (EU) No 806/2014, as amended or replaced from time to time, and any 
references to relevant provisions of the SRMR in these Terms and Conditions include references to any 
applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such provisions from time to time. 
"SSMR" means the Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013, as amended or replaced from time to time, and any 
references to relevant provisions of the SSMR in these Terms and Conditions include references to any 
applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such provisions from time to time. 
"Subsidiary" means any subsidiary of the Issuer pursuant to Article 4(1)(16) CRR. 
[If applicable, the following applies: 
"T2 Business Day" means a day on which the real-time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem 
(T2), or any successor or replacement system, is open for the settlement of payments in Euro.] 
"Terms and Conditions" means these terms and conditions of the Notes. 
"ZBan-3" means Slovenian Banking Act (Zakon o bančništvu) as amended or replaced from time to time, 
and any references in these Terms and Conditions to relevant articles of the ZBan-3 include references to 
any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such articles from time to time. 
"ZFPPIPP" means the Slovenian Financial Operations, Insolvency Proceedings, and Compulsory 
Dissolution Act (Zakon o finančnem poslovanju, postopkih zaradi insolventnosti in prisilnem prenehanju), 
as amended or replaced from time to time, and any references in these Terms and Conditions to relevant 
articles of the ZFPPIPP include references to any applicable provisions of law amending or replacing such 
articles from time to time. 
"ZRPPB-1" means the Slovenian Resolution and Compulsory Winding-Up of Banks Act (Zakon o 
reševanju in prisilnem prenehanju bank), as amended or replaced from time to time, and any references in 
these Terms and Conditions to relevant articles of the ZRPPB-1 include references to any applicable 
provisions of law amending or replacing such articles from time to time. 
§ 2 
STATUS 
[In the case of Preferred Senior Notes the following applies: 
(1) Ranking. The Notes shall qualify as Eligible Liabilities Instruments of the Issuer in the form of Preferred 
Senior Instruments. 
The obligations under the Notes constitute direct and unsecured obligations of the Issuer. In the event of 
normal insolvency proceedings of the Issuer (being bankruptcy proceedings (stečaj) or compulsory 
liquidation (prisilna likvidacija)), all claims under the Notes will rank: 
(a) 
pari passu: (i) among themselves; and (ii) with all other present or future unsecured claims against 
the Issuer which meet the conditions pursuant to Article 230(2)(8) ZRPPB-1; 
(b) 
senior to: (i) all present or future claims against the Issuer under Non-Preferred Senior Instruments; 
and (ii) all present or future subordinated claims against the Issuer which meet the conditions 
pursuant to Article 230(2)(10) or Article 230(2)(11) ZRPPB-1; and 
(c) 
junior to: all present or future claims against the Issuer under the Issuer's Senior Ranking Claims, 
so that in any such event no amounts will be payable in respect of the Notes until the Issuer's Senior 
Ranking Claims have been satisfied in full. 
"Issuer's Senior Ranking Claims" means: all present or future claims against the Issuer, deposits with the 
Issuer and costs of procedure, in each case which meet the conditions pursuant to Article 230(1) ZRPPB-1 
or any of the Articles 230(2)(1) through 230(2)(7) ZRPPB-1. 
"Non-Preferred Senior Instruments" means all non-preferred senior instruments which meet the 
conditions pursuant to Article 230(2)(9) ZRPPB-1.

--- Page 92 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
"Preferred Senior Instruments" means all preferred senior instruments which meet the conditions 
pursuant to Article 230(2)(8) ZRPPB-1.] 
[In the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes the following applies: 
(1) Ranking. The Notes shall qualify as Eligible Liabilities Instruments of the Issuer in the form of Non-
Preferred Senior Instruments. 
The obligations under the Notes constitute direct and unsecured obligations of the Issuer. In the event of 
normal insolvency proceedings of the Issuer (being bankruptcy proceedings (stečaj) or compulsory 
liquidation (prisilna likvidacija)), all claims under the Notes will rank: 
(a) 
pari passu: (i) among themselves; and (ii) with all other present or future claims against the Issuer 
from Non-Preferred Senior Instruments; 
(b) 
senior to all present or future subordinated claims against the Issuer which meet the conditions 
pursuant to Article 230(2)(10) or Article 230(2)(11) ZRPPB-1; and 
(c) 
junior to all present or future claims against the Issuer under the Issuer's Senior Ranking Claims, 
so that in any such event no amounts will be payable in respect of the Notes until the Issuer's Senior 
Ranking Claims have been satisfied in full. 
"Issuer's Senior Ranking Claims" means: all present or future claims against the Issuer, deposits with the 
Issuer and costs of procedure, in each case which meet the conditions pursuant to Article 230(1) ZRPPB-1 
or any of the Articles 230(2)(1) through 230(2)(8) ZRPPB-1. 
"Non-Preferred Senior Instruments" means all non-preferred senior instruments which meet the 
conditions pursuant to Article 230(2)(9) ZRPPB-1.] 
[In the case of Subordinated Notes the following applies: 
(1) Ranking. The Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 Instruments. 
The obligations under the Notes constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
In the event of normal insolvency proceedings of the Issuer (being bankruptcy proceedings (stečaj) or 
compulsory liquidation (prisilna likvidacija)), all claims against the Issuer under the Notes will rank: 
(a) 
pari passu: (i) among themselves; and (ii) with all other present or future claims under Tier 2 
Instruments of the Issuer; 
(b) 
senior to all present or future claims from: (i) Additional Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer pursuant 
to Article 52 CRR; and (ii) ordinary shares of the Issuer and any other Common Equity Tier 1 
instruments of the Issuer pursuant to Article 28 CRR; and (iii) all other subordinated instruments 
or obligations of the Issuer that result from own funds items of the Issuer ranking pari passu with 
the instruments or obligations referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) of this § 2(1)(b) or other instruments 
or obligations ranking or expressed to rank junior to the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes; 
and 
(c) 
junior to all present or future claims under Issuer's Senior Ranking Claims, so that in any such 
event no amounts will be payable in respect of the Notes until the Issuer's Senior Ranking Claims 
have been satisfied in full. 
"Issuer's Senior Ranking Claims" means all present or future claims under: (i) unsubordinated 
instruments or obligations of the Issuer; (ii) Eligible Liabilities Instruments of the Issuer and any debt 
instruments that qualify as eligible liabilities items pursuant to transitional provisions under the CRR; and 
(iii) subordinated instruments or obligations of the Issuer that rank senior to Tier 2 Instruments (such as 
claims that do not result from an own funds item of the Issuer). 
"Tier 2 Instruments" means any capital instruments of the Issuer which meet the conditions laid down in 
Article 63 CRR, including any capital (or other) instruments that are (fully or partly) recognised as Tier 2 
items pursuant to transitional provisions under the CRR.]

--- Page 93 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
(2) No Set-off/Netting. The Notes are not subject to any set-off arrangements or netting rights that would 
undermine their capacity to absorb losses in resolution, insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer. 
(3) No Security/Guarantee and No Enhancement of Seniority. The Notes are neither secured, nor subject to 
any guarantee that enhances the seniority of the claims under the Notes. The Notes are not subject to any 
arrangement, contractual or otherwise, that enhances the seniority of the claims under the Notes in 
insolvency or liquidation. No security or guarantee of whatever kind is, or shall at any time be, provided 
by the Issuer or any other person securing rights of the Holders. 
(4) Note on the possibility of statutory resolution measures. Prior to any normal insolvency proceedings of 
the Issuer (being bankruptcy proceedings (stečaj) or compulsory liquidation (prisilna likvidacija)), under 
the Applicable Supervisory Regulations, the Resolution Authority may exercise the power to write down 
(including to zero) the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, convert the Notes into shares or other 
instruments of ownership of the Issuer, in each case in whole or in part, or apply any other resolution tool 
or action, including (but not limited to) any deferral or transfer of the obligations to another entity, an 
amendment of the Terms and Conditions or a cancellation of the Notes. The Holders shall be bound by the 
exercise of the power to write down or convert or the taking of any resolution action in respect of the Notes. 
No Holder shall have any claim or other right against the Issuer arising out of any exercise of the power to 
write down or convert or the taking of any resolution action. In particular, any exercise of the power to 
write down or convert or the taking of any resolution action shall not constitute a default. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Resolution Authority of the actual exercise of any 
statutory resolution tool or action with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the Holders without 
delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to notify the Holders shall not affect the validity and enforceability 
of the statutory resolution tool or action nor the effects on the Notes described in this § 2(4). 
(5) If the Notes are redeemed or repurchased by the Issuer otherwise than in the circumstances described 
in this § 2 or § 5([7]), then the amounts redeemed or paid must be returned to the Issuer irrespective of any 
agreement to the contrary unless the Competent Authority has given its prior consent to such redemption 
or repurchase. 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. The Notes shall bear interest on their Specified 
Denomination at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Rate of Interest (as defined below) from and 
including [insert Interest Commencement Date] (the "Interest Commencement Date"). 
Interest for each Interest Period shall be paid [semi-annually] [annually] in arrear on [insert Interest 
Payment Date(s)] in each year (each such date, an "Interest Payment Date"), commencing on [insert first 
Interest Payment Date] [in the case of a short or long first interest period insert: ([short] [long] first 
coupon)]. 
The applicable "Rate of Interest" will be, 
(a) 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the [First] Reset Date, a 
fixed rate of [●] per cent. per annum; and 
(b) 
thereafter from and including [the] [each] Reset Date to but excluding the [next following Reset 
Date and, in the case of the final Reset Period, from and including the final Reset Date to but 
excluding the] Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)), the [relevant] Reset Rate determined in 
accordance with § 3(3). 
[in the case of a short or long first interest period insert: The first payment of interest will amount to a 
broken interest amount of [insert initial broken interest amount per Specified Denomination] per Specified 
Denomination.] 
"Interest Period" means the period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding 
the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including an Interest Payment Date to 
but excluding the next succeeding Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 94 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
(2) Calculation of Amount of Interest. If the amount of interest payable under the Notes is required to be 
calculated for any period of time such amount of interest shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
applying the prevailing Rate of Interest to the Specified Denomination, multiplying such amount by the 
Day Count Fraction (as defined below), and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest full USD 0.01 with 
USD 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on the Notes for any 
period of time (the "Calculation Period"), the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Where: 
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction; 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(3) Determination of the Reset Rate and the Reference Rate. 
(a) 
Reset Rate. The Rate of Interest for the [relevant] Reset Period ([the] [each a] "Reset Rate") will 
be the sum of the Reference Rate (as defined below) and the Margin (as defined below). 
The Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate for [the] [each] Reset Period in 
accordance with this § 3(3)(b) on the Reset Determination Date (as defined below). 
[In the case of an annual coupon insert: 
(b) 
Reference Rate. The "Reference Rate" for [the] [each] Reset Period means the Annualized CMT 
Rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the Reset Determination Date [prior to the Reset Date 
on which the relevant Reset Period commences]. Terms used in this § 3(3)(b) have the meanings 
set out in this § 3(3)(b) or in § 3(3)(c). 
"Annualized CMT Rate" means the semi-annual CMT Rate which is annualized by application 
of the following formula: 
Annualized CMT Rate = (1+ CMT Rate
2
)
2
-1 
] 
[In the case of a semi-annual coupon insert: 
(b) 
Reference Rate. The "Reference Rate" for [the] [each] Reset Period means the CMT Rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Reset Determination Date [prior to the Reset Date on 
which the relevant Reset Period commences]. Terms used in this § 3(3)(b) have the meanings set 
out in this § 3(3)(b) or in § 3(3)(c).] 
DCF =
 360 ×  Y2 − Y1   +  30 ×  M2 −M1  +  D2 −D1 
360

--- Page 95 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
If the determination of the Reference Rate were to cause a Regulatory Event, then the Reference 
Rate for the relevant Reset Determination Date shall be the applicable Fallback Rate. 
Where: 
"CMT Rate" means: 
(i) 
the rate (expressed in per cent. per annum) equal to the semi-annual yield for U.S. Treasury 
Securities at "constant maturity" for a period to maturity of [insert applicable term], as 
published in the H.15 (as defined below) under the caption "U.S. government securities-
Treasury constant maturities-Nominal", as such yield is displayed on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date on the Bloomberg L.P. service, or any successor service, on page 
"NDX" (under caption "[insert caption for the applicable term]"), or any other page as 
may replace that page on that service for the purpose of displaying "U.S. government 
securities-Treasury constant maturities-Nominal" as reported in the H.15 (the 
"Bloomberg Screen"); 
(ii) 
if (A) the yield referred to in clause (i) is not published on the Bloomberg Screen on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date, or (B) there is a manifest error with respect to its 
publication on the Bloomberg Screen, the rate (expressed in per cent. per annum) equal to 
the semi-annual yield for U.S. Treasury Securities at "constant maturity" having a period 
to maturity of [insert applicable term] as published on such Reset Determination Date in 
the H.15 under the caption "U.S. government securities-Treasury constant maturities-
Nominal"; or 
(iii) 
if neither the yield referred to in clause (i) nor the yield referred to in clause (ii) are 
published on the relevant Reset Determination Date, or if there is a manifest error with 
respect to its publication, the rate (expressed in per cent. per annum and rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) 
calculated by the Calculation Agent as the semi-annual yield to maturity for a Benchmark 
U.S. Treasury Security based on the arithmetic mean (as rounded as aforesaid) of a 
selection of three out of five bid yields on the secondary market at approximately 11:00 
a.m. (New York City time) on the U.S. Treasury Securities Business Day following the 
relevant Reset Determination Date provided to the Calculation Agent by five leading 
primary dealers of U.S. Treasury Securities in New York (each a "Reference Dealer") 
selected by the Issuer, disregarding the highest (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
highest) and the lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest) of the five obtained 
bid yields. 
If by 11:59 p.m. (New York City time) on the U.S. Treasury Securities Business Day 
following the relevant Reset Determination Date fewer than five but more than two of 
such bid yields are provided, then the CMT Rate will be the rate (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum and rounded to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) calculated by the Calculation Agent as the semi-annual yield to maturity for a 
Benchmark U.S. Treasury Security based on the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) 
of all of the bid yields obtained on the secondary market as set forth above. 
If by 11:59 p.m. (New York City time) on the U.S. Treasury Securities Business Day 
following the relevant Reset Determination Date fewer than three Reference Dealers 
selected by the Issuer provide bid prices, or if there is no outstanding Benchmark U.S. 
Treasury Security, then the Reference Rate for the relevant Reset Determination Date shall 
be the applicable Fallback Rate. 
(iv) 
In each of clauses (i) to (iii) above, the relevant rate shall be as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 96 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
(c) 
Definitions. 
"Benchmark U.S. Treasury Security" means, on the relevant Reset Determination Date, [the 
U.S. Treasury Security with the longest remaining term to maturity, an original term to maturity 
upon issue of approximately [insert applicable term] years, a remaining term to maturity of not 
less 
than 
[insert 
applicable 
term] 
years 
and 
a 
nominal 
amount 
of 
at 
least 
USD 1,000,000,000][insert other applicable definition]. 
"Fallback Rate" means, [(x) for each Reset Period except the first Reset Period, the CMT Rate 
determined on the last preceding Reset Determination Date or (y)] for the [first] Reset Period, 
[insert [(i) the reoffer yield determined at the time of pricing of the Notes minus (ii) the Margin] 
[other fallback rate]] per cent. per annum. 
"H.15" means the daily statistical release designated as H.15, or any successor publication, 
published 
by 
the 
Board 
of 
Governors 
of 
the 
Federal 
Reserve 
System 
at 
http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15/ or any successor site or publication. 
"Margin" means [●] per cent. per annum.8 
"Reset Date" means [insert date] [(the "First Reset Date") and each [●]th anniversary of the 
immediately preceding Reset Date]. 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the Reference Rate to be determined in relation 
to a Reset Period, the second U.S. Treasury Securities Business Day preceding the Reset Date on 
which such period commences. 
"Reset Period" means [the period from and including the Reset Date to but excluding the Maturity 
Date] [each period from and including the First Reset Date to but excluding the next following 
Reset Date and thereafter from and including each Reset Date to but excluding the next following 
Reset Date]. 
"U.S. Treasury Securities" means securities that are direct obligations of the United States 
Treasury, issued other than on a discount rate basis. 
"U.S. Treasury Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day 
on which, due to a recommendation of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
(or its successor), the fixed income departments of its members are closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. Treasury Securities. 
(d) 
Notification of Reset Rate. The Calculation Agent will cause any Reset Rate to be notified to the 
Issuer, any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed at the initiative of the 
Issuer (if required by the rules of such stock exchange) and to the Holders in accordance with § 11 
as soon as possible after its determination. 
(e) 
Determinations Binding. All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of 
this § 3 by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, inequitableness 
or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent(s) and the Holders and, 
in the absence of the aforesaid, no liability to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents or the 
Holders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it 
of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(4) Cessation of Interest Accrual. The Notes shall cease to bear interest from the expiry of the calendar day 
preceding their due date for redemption. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall 
continue to accrue on the Specified Denomination of the Notes from and including the due date for 
redemption to but excluding the date of actual redemption of the Notes at the applicable rate of interest 
determined pursuant to this § 3. This does not affect any additional rights that might be available to the 
Holders. 
 
8 
Note: Corresponds to the initial credit spread of the Notes determined at the time of pricing.

--- Page 97 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1) Payments of Principal and Interest. 
(a) 
Payment of principal on the Notes shall be made, subject to § 4(2) below, to the Clearing System 
or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System. 
(b) 
Payment of interest and any Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7(1)) on the Notes shall be made, 
subject to § 4(2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the 
relevant accountholders of the Clearing System, upon due certification as provided in § 1(2)(c). 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of amounts 
due in respect of the Notes shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) Business Day Convention. If the due date for payment of any amount of principal or interest in respect 
of any Note is not a Business Day (as defined in § 1(4)), then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment 
until the next day that is a Business Day and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in 
respect of such delay (the Interest Period shall not be adjusted accordingly). 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. References in these Terms and Conditions to "principal" in respect 
of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, the Specified Denomination, any premium and any 
other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. References in 
these Terms and Conditions to "interest" in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, 
any Additional Amounts which may be payable under § 7(1). 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed or repurchased and cancelled (in each case, in 
whole or in part), the Notes shall be redeemed at their principal amount on [if Interest Periods are subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the applicable business day convention, the following applies: the 
Interest Payment Date falling on or around] [insert Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date"). 
(2) No right of termination or acceleration by the Holders. The Holders shall have no right to terminate or 
to demand (or otherwise accelerate) the redemption of the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any acceleration cannot occur in resolution (or moratorium) imposed against 
the Issuer. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer, the following applies: 
(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon giving not less than five Business Days' and not more than 40 Business Days' 
prior notice in accordance with § 5(3)(b), redeem, on (any of) the Optional Redemption Date(s), 
all but not some only of the Notes at their Specified Denomination together with accrued and 
unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date specified in the notice. 
Any such early redemption pursuant to this § 5(3) shall only be possible if the conditions to 
redemption and repurchase set out in § 5([7]) are met. 
"Optional Redemption Date(s)": 
[insert Optional Redemption Date(s)]9 
 
9 
In the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the (first) Optional Redemption Date must not be earlier 
than the first anniversary of the issue date of the last tranche of the relevant series of Notes. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the (first) Optional Redemption Date must not be earlier than the fifth anniversary of the issue 
date of the last tranche of the relevant series of Notes.

--- Page 98 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
(b) 
The notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance with § 11. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption, including the securities codes; and 
(ii) 
the Optional Redemption Date on which the Issuer will redeem the Notes.] 
[If the Notes are not subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for reasons other than 
pursuant to § 5(4) or § 5(5) [or § 5(6)], the following applies: 
(3) No Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. The Notes may not be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer prior to their Maturity Date other than in the case of an early redemption pursuant to § 5(4)[,] [or] 
§ 5(5) [or § 5(6)].] 
(4) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. 
(a) 
If a Tax Event (as defined below) occurs, the Issuer may at any time, upon giving not less than five 
Business Days' and not more than 40 Business Days' prior notice in accordance with § 5(4)(b), 
redeem, all but not some only of the Notes, on the date fixed for redemption specified in the notice, 
at their Specified Denomination together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding 
the date fixed for redemption, provided that in the event of the occurrence of a Gross-up Event (as 
defined below) no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 calendar days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such Additional Amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Any such early redemption pursuant to this § 5(4) shall only be possible if the conditions to 
redemption and repurchase set out in § 5([7]) are met. 
A "Tax Event" occurs if there is a Tax Deductibility Event or a Gross-up Event, which change or 
amendment or clarification: (x) subject to (y), becomes effective on or after the issue date of the 
Notes; or (y) in the case of a change, if such change is enacted on or after the issue date of the 
Notes. 
Where: 
A "Gross-up Event" occurs if there is a change in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes based 
on a decision or change in law, regulation or interpretation of the tax authority of the Republic of 
Slovenia (or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax) 
having competence over the Issuer which becomes effective on or after the issue date of the Notes, 
as a result of which the Issuer has paid, or will or would on the next Interest Payment Date be 
required to pay, any Additional Amounts pursuant to § 7(1). 
A "Tax Deductibility Event" occurs if there is a change in the applicable tax treatment of the 
Notes based on a decision or change in law, regulation or interpretation of the tax authority of the 
Republic of Slovenia (or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax) having competence over the Issuer which becomes effective on or after the issue date of the 
Notes as a result of which the Issuer, in computing its taxation liabilities in the Republic of 
Slovenia, would not be entitled to claim a deduction in respect of interest paid on the Notes, or 
such deductibility is materially reduced. 
(b) 
The notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance with § 11. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption, including the securities codes; 
(ii) 
the date on which the Issuer will redeem the Notes; and 
(iii) 
the reason for such call and redemption.]

--- Page 99 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
[In the case of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes the following applies: 
(5) Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons. 
(a) 
If a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, the Issuer may at any time, upon giving not less than 
five Business Days' and not more than 40 Business Days' prior notice in accordance with 
§ 5(5)([c]), redeem, on the date fixed for redemption specified in the notice, all but not some only 
of the Notes at their Specified Denomination together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to 
but excluding the date fixed for redemption. 
An "MREL Disqualification Event" occurs if, after the date of issuance of the last tranche of this 
series of Notes, there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Notes that would be likely 
to result or has resulted in their exclusion in full or in part from eligible liabilities according to the 
SRMR for purposes of the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) 
pursuant to the SRMR (on an individual and/or consolidated basis) of the Issuer, except where such 
exclusion would merely be based on the remaining tenor of the Notes being less than any minimum 
period prescribed in the SRMR or on any applicable limits on the inclusion of the Notes in the 
eligible liabilities items (on an individual and/or consolidated basis) of the Issuer being exceeded. 
Any such early redemption pursuant to this § 5(5) shall only be possible if the conditions to 
redemption and repurchase set out in § 5([7]) are met. 
(b) 
The notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance with § 11. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption, including the securities codes; 
(ii) 
the date on which the Issuer will redeem the Notes; and 
(iii) 
the reason for such call and redemption.] 
[In the case of Subordinated Notes the following applies: 
(5) Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons or for Reasons of Non-Approval. 
(a) 
Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons. If a Regulatory Event occurs, the Issuer may at any 
time, upon giving not less than five Business Days' and not more than 40 Business Days' prior 
notice in accordance with § 5(5)(c), redeem, on the date fixed for redemption specified in the 
notice, all but not some only of the Notes at their Specified Denomination together with accrued 
and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the date fixed for redemption. 
A "Regulatory Event" occurs if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Notes 
which becomes effective on or after the issue date of the Notes that would be likely to result in 
their exclusion in full or in part from own funds or reclassification as a lower quality form of own 
funds (in each case, on an individual and/or consolidated basis of the Issuer) (other than as a 
consequence of the amortisation in accordance with Article 64 CRR). 
Any such early redemption pursuant to this § 5(5) shall only be possible if the conditions to 
redemption and repurchase set out in § 5([7]) are met. 
(b) 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Non-Approval. If a Non-Approval Event occurs, the Issuer may 
at any time, upon giving not less than five Business Days' and not more than 40 Business Days' 
prior notice in accordance with § 5(5)(c), redeem all but not only some of the Notes in whole, but 
not in part, on the date of redemption specified in the notice, at their Specified Denomination 
together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any, to but excluding the date of redemption. 
A "Non-Approval Event" occurs if, by [insert applicable date], the Issuer fails to obtain the 
permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 149(2) ZBan-3 to include the Notes in 
whole in the calculation of its Tier 2 capital pursuant to Article 71 CRR.

--- Page 100 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
(c) 
The notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance with § 11. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption, including the securities codes; 
(ii) 
the date on which the Issuer will redeem the Notes; and 
(iii) 
the reason for such call and redemption.] 
[If the Notes are subject to early redemption at the option of the Issuer for Minimal Outstanding 
Aggregate Principal Amount, the following applies: 
(6) Early Redemption for Minimal Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount. 
(a) 
If at any time the aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding and held by persons other 
than the Issuer and its Subsidiaries has fallen to [20] per cent. or less of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes originally issued (including any Notes additionally issued in accordance with 
§ 10(1)), the Issuer may, upon giving not less than five Business Days' and not more than 40 
Business Days' prior notice in accordance with § 5(6)(b), redeem all but not some only of the Notes, 
on the date fixed for redemption specified in the notice, at their Specified Denomination together 
with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the date fixed for redemption. 
Any such early redemption pursuant to this § 5(6) shall only be possible if the conditions to 
redemption and repurchase set out in § 5([7]) are met. 
(b) 
The notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance with § 11. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to redemption, including the securities codes; 
(ii) 
the date on which the Issuer will redeem the Notes; and 
(iii) 
the reason for such call and redemption.] 
[In the case of Preferred Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes the following applies: 
([7]) Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase. Any early redemption pursuant to § 5(3), § 5(4)[,] [or] 
§ 5(5) [or § 5(6)] and any repurchase pursuant to § 10(2) are subject to the Resolution Authority (or any 
other relevant supervisory authority) having granted the Issuer the prior permission in accordance with 
Articles 77(2) and 78a CRR or any successor provision for the early redemption or the repurchase, if 
applicable to the Issuer at that point in time, which may, inter alia, require that: 
(a) 
the Issuer (before or at the same time as any early redemption or repurchase) replaces the Notes 
with own funds instruments or eligible liabilities of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Resolution Authority that the own funds and 
eligible liabilities of the Issuer would, following any early redemption or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities provided in the CRR, the CRD IV and the BRRD 
by a margin that the Resolution Authority, in agreement with the Competent Authority, considers 
necessary at such time; or 
(c) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Resolution Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the Notes with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure compliance with the 
own funds requirements laid down in the CRR and in the CRD IV for continuing authorisation. 
In the case of any early redemption pursuant to § 5(4), obtaining such permission may require that the Issuer 
has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Resolution Authority (or any other relevant supervisory 
authority) that the applicable change in tax treatment is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at 
the date of issuance of the last tranche of this series of Notes.

--- Page 101 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
In the case of any early redemption pursuant to § 5(5), obtaining such permission may require that the 
Resolution Authority (or any other relevant supervisory authority) considers the MREL Disqualification 
Event to be sufficiently certain and the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Resolution 
Authority (or any other relevant supervisory authority) that the MREL Disqualification Event was not 
reasonably foreseeable as at the date of issuance of the last tranche of this series of Notes. 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any early redemption or repurchase, the prevailing 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations applicable to the Issuer permit the early redemption or repurchase only 
after compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out above, the Issuer 
shall comply with such other and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-conditions, if any. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal or failure of the Resolution Authority (or any other relevant 
supervisory authority) to grant any permission, approval or other consent required in accordance with the 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations shall not constitute a default for any purpose.] 
[In the case of Subordinated Notes the following applies: 
([7]) Conditions to Redemption and Repurchase. Any early redemption pursuant to § 5(3), § 5(4)[,] [or] 
§ 5(5) [or § 5(6)] and any repurchase pursuant to § 10(2) is subject to the Competent Authority having 
granted the Issuer the prior permission in accordance with Articles 77 and 78 CRR or any successor 
provision for the early redemption or repurchase which may, inter alia, require: 
(a) 
that 
(i) 
either, before or at the same time as the redemption or repurchase, the Issuer replaces the 
Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable 
for the income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the own 
funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer would, following such early redemption or 
repurchase, exceed the requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities laid down in the 
CRR, the CRD IV and the BRRD by a margin that the Competent Authority considers 
necessary at such time; and 
(b) 
in the case of any early redemption or repurchase of the Notes prior to the fifth anniversary of the 
date of issuance of the Notes that: 
(i) 
in the case of any early redemption pursuant to § 5(4), the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the applicable change in tax treatment is 
material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the date of issuance of the last tranche 
of this series of Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of any early redemption pursuant to § 5(5)(a), the Competent Authority 
considers such change to be sufficiently certain and the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the relevant change in the regulatory 
classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the date of issuance of the 
last tranche of this series of Notes; or 
(iii) 
in the case of any early redemption of the Notes in circumstances other than those 
described in clause (b)(i) or (ii) above or any repurchase, the Issuer, earlier than or at the 
same time as the early redemption or the repurchase, replaces the Notes with own funds 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity 
of the Issuer and the Competent Authority has permitted that early redemption or 
repurchase based on the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point 
of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(iv) 
the Notes being repurchased for market making purposes in accordance with the 
Applicable Supervisory Regulations.

--- Page 102 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any early redemption or repurchase, the 
prevailing Applicable Supervisory Regulations permit the early redemption or repurchase only 
after compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out above, 
the Issuer shall comply with such other and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-conditions, if any. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal or failure of the Competent Authority (or any other relevant 
supervisory authority) to grant any permission, approval or other consent required in accordance 
with the Applicable Supervisory Regulations shall not constitute a default for any purpose.] 
§ 6 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT(S) AND CALCULATION AGENT 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial Fiscal Agent, the initial Principal Paying Agent [if any 
additional or other paying agent(s) shall be appointed insert: , the initial Paying Agent(s)] and the initial 
Calculation Agent and their respective initial specified offices are: 
Fiscal Agent and Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
[If any additional or other paying agent shall be appointed, insert its name and initial specified office.] 
Calculation Agent: 
[insert name and address of the specified offices of the Calculation Agent] 
Where these Terms and Conditions refer to the term "Paying Agent(s)", such term shall include the Principal 
Paying Agent. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent(s) and the Calculation Agent (the "Agents" and each an "Agent") 
reserve the right at any time to change their respective specified office to some other specified office in the 
same country. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of any Agent and to appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional or other Paying Agents or 
another Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent and (ii) so long as the 
Notes are listed on a stock exchange at the initiative of the Issuer, a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal 
Agent) with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules of such stock exchange or its 
supervisory authorities and (iii) if payments at or through the offices of all Paying Agents outside the United 
States become illegal or are effectively precluded because of the imposition of exchange controls or similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such amounts in U.S. Dollars, a Paying Agent with a specified 
office in New York and (iv) a Calculation Agent. The Issuer will give notice to the Holders of any variation, 
termination, appointment or any other change as soon as possible upon the effectiveness of such change. 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents 
of the Issuer and do not have any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to any Holder. 
(4) Determinations Binding. All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of these 
Terms and Conditions by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, 
bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the other Agents and the Holders and, in the absence 
of the aforesaid, no liability to the Issuer, the other Agents or the Holders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(5) Independent Adviser. If the Issuer appoints an Independent Adviser in accordance with these Terms and 
Conditions, § 6(3) and (4) shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Independent Adviser.

--- Page 103 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
(1) General Taxation. All payments of interest in respect of the Notes will be made by the Issuer without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes, duties or governmental charges of whatever nature 
(the "Taxes") imposed or levied by way of withholding or deduction by or on behalf of the Republic of 
Slovenia or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. If such withholding or deduction is required by law, the Issuer 
will, to the extent permitted by law, pay such additional amounts in relation to interest (but not principal) 
as will be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Holder (or a third party on behalf of the 
Holder) after such withholding or deduction will equal the respective amounts which would otherwise have 
been receivable in respect of the Notes in the absence of such withholding or deduction (the "Additional 
Amounts"). However, no such Additional Amounts will be payable: 
(a) 
in respect of any amount payable in respect of a Note received by or on behalf of a person who is 
subject to such Tax in respect of such payment by reason of his being connected with the Republic 
of Slovenia (or any political subdivision thereof) otherwise than merely by holding such Note or 
receiving principal or interest in respect thereof; or 
(b) 
in respect of any amount payable in respect of a Note received by or on behalf of a person who 
would not be liable for or subject to such withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption to the Issuer or relevant tax authority if, after having 
been requested to make such a declaration or claim, such person fails to do so (provided that a 
mechanism is available for such declaration or claim to be provided); or 
(c) 
on account of any Taxes which are payable by any person (including the Issuer) acting as custodian 
bank or collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or by the Issuer if no custodian bank or collecting 
agent is appointed or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a withholding or deduction 
by the Issuer from payments of principal or interest made by it; or 
(d) 
on account of any Taxes withheld or deducted pursuant to an international treaty or a civil law 
agreement concluded by a state and/or one of its political subdivisions and/or one of its authorities 
and/or a group of states on the one hand and the Republic of Slovenia and/or one of its political 
subdivisions and/or the European Union and/or the Issuer and/or an intermediary on the other hand; 
or 
(e) 
on account of any Taxes which are refundable or for which a relief at source is available pursuant 
to the laws of the Republic of Slovenia, a European Union directive or regulation or an international 
treaty or understanding to which the Republic of Slovenia and/or the European Union is a party/are 
parties. 
(2) U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA). The Issuer is authorised to withhold or deduct 
from amounts payable under the Notes to a Holder or beneficial owner of Notes sufficient funds for the 
payment of any tax that it is required to withhold or deduct pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), or that is otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official 
interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another 
jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices 
implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a "FATCA 
Withholding"). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in 
respect of FATCA Withholding.

--- Page 104 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
§ 8 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, JOINT REPRESENTATIVE 
(1) Amendment to the Terms and Conditions. In accordance with the German Act on Issues of Debt 
Securities, as amended (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen) (the "SchVG") and 
subject to compliance with the Applicable Supervisory Regulations for the Notes to qualify as [Eligible 
Liabilities Instruments] [Tier 2 Instruments] (including, for the avoidance of doubt, where relevant, the 
conditions to redemption and repurchase set out in § 5([7])) the Holders may agree with the Issuer on 
amendments to these Terms and Conditions with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG by a Holders' 
resolution (Beschluss) with the majority specified in § 8(2) below. In particular, the Issuer's right under this 
§ 8(1) is subject to the prior permission of the [Resolution Authority] [Competent Authority] (or any other 
relevant supervisory authority) of the Issuer if such consent is required at the time of any such amendment. 
Majority resolutions of the Holders shall be binding on all Holders alike. A majority resolution of the 
Holders which does not provide for identical conditions for all Holders is void unless Holders who are 
disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being treated disadvantageously. 
(2) Majority. Resolutions relating to material amendments to these Terms and Conditions, in particular 
consents to the measures set out in § 5(3) SchVG shall be passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. 
(qualified majority) of the votes cast. Resolutions relating to amendments to these Terms and Conditions 
which are not material require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
(3) Vote. Resolutions of the Holders shall be made either in a holders' meeting or by means of a vote without 
a meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung) (§§ 9 et seq. and § 18 SchVG). The convening notice of a 
Holders' meeting will provide the further details relating to the resolutions and the voting procedure. The 
subject matter of the vote as well as the proposed resolutions will be notified to Holders in the agenda of 
the meeting. The attendance at the Holders' meeting or the exercise of voting rights requires a registration 
of the Holders prior to the meeting. Any such registration must be received at the address stated in the 
convening notice by no later than the third calendar day preceding the Holders' meeting. 
(4) Chair of the Vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the Joint 
Representative (as defined below) has convened the vote, by the Joint Representative. 
(5) Voting Right. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast its vote in accordance with the principal 
amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding Notes. Holders must demonstrate their 
eligibility to participate in the vote at the time of voting by means of a special confirmation of their 
depositary bank and by submission of a blocking instruction by their Custodian (as defined in § 12(3)) for 
the benefit of the Fiscal Agent as depository (Hinterlegungsstelle) for the voting period. 
(6) Notices. Any notices concerning this § 8 shall be made exclusively pursuant to the provisions of the 
SchVG. 
(7) Joint Representative. The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a joint representative (the "Joint 
Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on behalf of each Holder. The Joint Representative shall 
have the duties and powers provided by law or granted by majority resolution of the Holders. The Joint 
Representative shall comply with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the Joint Representative 
has been authorised to assert certain rights of the Holders, the Holders shall not be entitled to assert such 
rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The Joint 
Representative shall provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply 
with regard to the recall and the other rights and obligations of the Joint Representative. 
§ 9 
PRESENTATION PERIOD, PRESCRIPTION 
The period for presentation of the Notes (§ 801(1) sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch – BGB)) shall be reduced to ten years and the period of limitation for claims under the Notes 
presented during the period for presentation shall be two years calculated from the expiry of the relevant 
presentation period.

--- Page 105 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
§ 10 
FURTHER ISSUES OF NOTES, 
REPURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION 
(1) Further Issues of Notes. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders and 
subject to regulatory and other statutory provisions, issue further Notes having the same terms as the Notes 
in all respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, issue price, interest commencement date and/or 
first interest payment date) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
(2) Repurchases. The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries may repurchase any Notes in the open market or 
otherwise at any price at any time, provided however that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of 
the [Resolution Authority] [Competent Authority] (or any other relevant supervisory authority) for the 
repurchase of the Notes and the further conditions to redemption and repurchase set forth in § 5([7]) are 
met and all applicable regulatory and other statutory restrictions are observed. Notes repurchased by the 
Issuer or any Subsidiary may, at the option of the Issuer or such Subsidiary, be held, resold or surrendered 
for cancellation to the Fiscal Agent. 
(3) Cancellation. Any Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
§ 11 
NOTICES 
(1) Notices of the Issuer. All notices of the Issuer concerning the Notes shall be published: (i) if and for as 
long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com); (ii) if and for as long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange other than 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at the initiative of the Issuer, in such media as determined by law and the 
rules and regulations of such other stock exchange; and, in each case, (iii) in electronic form on the website 
of the Issuer (www.nlb.si). Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the fifth 
calendar day following the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the fifth calendar 
day following the date of the first such publication) unless the notice provides for a later effective date. 
(2) Publication of Notices of the Issuer via the Clearing System. If the publication of notices pursuant to 
§ 11(1) is no longer required by law, the Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the media set forth in § 11(1), 
deliver the relevant notices to the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the seventh calendar day 
after the calendar day on which said notice was given to the Clearing System. 
(3) Form of Notice. Notices regarding the Notes shall only be valid if made in English. 
§ 12 
APPLICABLE LAW, 
PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) Applicable Law. Except as provided in the next sentence, the Notes, as to form and content, and all 
rights and obligations of the Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed by German law, save for the 
provisions in paragraphs (1) to (4) of § 2 (Status) which shall be governed by, and shall be construed 
exclusively in accordance with, Slovenian law. 
(2) Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, shall have non-
exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings (the "Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes. This is subject to any exclusive court of venue for specific legal proceedings in 
connection with the SchVG. 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Holder and the 
Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own name its rights arising under such Notes on the basis of a 
statement issued by the Custodian (as defined below) with whom such Holder maintains a securities account 
in respect of the Notes: (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder; (b) specifying the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the date of such statement; and (c) 
confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System containing the information 
pursuant to (a) and (b).

--- Page 106 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution of recognised 
standing authorised to engage in securities custody business with which the Holder maintains a securities 
account in respect of the Notes and includes the Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to 
the foregoing, also protect and enforce its rights under the Notes in any other way which is admitted in the 
country of the proceedings.

--- Page 107 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[In case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Final 
Terms will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of the Directive (EU) 2014/65, as amended ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, as amended (the "IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.]10 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
EU No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.]11 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES AND PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS ONLY TARGET MARKET 
Solely for the purposes of [the] [each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II [specify further target 
market criteria]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [specify negative target market, if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the [manufacturer's] 
[manufacturers'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
[manufacturer's] [manufacturers'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]12 
 
10 
Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable". 
11 
Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable". The assumption 
is that if there are potentially sales in the European Economic Area it is likely that there will also potentially be sales in the United 
Kingdom and vice versa such that the United Kingdom Prohibition and European Economic Area Prohibition would both be 
included unless specified as "Not Applicable". 
12 
Include legend in the case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible 
Counterparties only".

--- Page 108 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
[UK 
MIFIR 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE 
/ 
ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES 
AND 
PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS ONLY TARGET MARKET 
Solely for the purposes of [the] [each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [specify negative target 
market, if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the [manufacturer's] [manufacturers'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the [manufacturer's] 
[manufacturers'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]13 
[SINGAPORE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION 
Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"), the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes 
are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets 
products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
 
13 
Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible 
Counterparties only". The legend may not be necessary if the Dealers in relation to the Notes are also not subject to UK MiFIR 
and therefore there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations 
where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or both are included.

--- Page 109 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
Dated [●] 
Final Terms 
 
Nova Ljubljanska banka d.d., Ljubljana 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 5493001BABFV7P27OW30 
Issue of 
[insert title of relevant Series and Tranche of Notes] 
[(to be consolidated, form a single series with and increase the aggregate principal amount of the [insert 
title of relevant Series of Notes] issued on [●] [and increased on [●]] with the ISIN [●])]14 
(the "Notes") 
issued pursuant to the 
EUR 2,500,000,000 EMTN Programme 
of 
Nova Ljubljanska banka d.d., Ljubljana 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
Issue Date: [●] 
Series No.: [●] 
Tranche No.: [●] 
 
14  Insert for tap issuances which shall be consolidated and form a single series with outstanding notes issued under a former base 
prospectus.

--- Page 110 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
[These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8(5) of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
as amended, and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus of Nova Ljubljanska banka d.d., 
Ljubljana (the "Issuer") dated 17 May 2024 [and its supplement[s] dated [●]] (the "Prospectus") pertaining 
to the EUR 2,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of the Issuer (the "Programme"). The 
Prospectus and any supplements thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the Issuer's website (www.nlb.si) and copies may 
be obtained free of charge from Nova Ljubljanska banka d.d., Ljubljana, Trg republike 2, 1000 Ljubljana, 
Republic of Slovenia. Full information on the Issuer and the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of the Prospectus, any supplements thereto and these Final Terms.]15 
[These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8(5) of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
as amended, and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus of Nova Ljubljanska banka d.d., 
Ljubljana (the "Issuer") dated 17 May 2024 [and its supplement[s] dated [●]] (the "Prospectus") pertaining 
to the EUR 2,500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of the Issuer (the "Programme") as well 
as [the Final Terms (the "Original Final Terms") and] the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the 
"Original Terms and Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [15 June 2023] (the "Original 
Prospectus"). The Terms and Conditions set out in the remainder of PART A have been extracted in whole 
from [PART A of the Original Final Terms] [the Original Terms and Conditions] and replace [PART A of 
the Final Terms] [the Terms and Conditions of the Notes] set out in the Prospectus in whole. [Capitalised 
terms used in the remainder of PART A but not otherwise defined therein shall have the meanings specified 
in the Original Terms and Conditions when used in the remainder of PART A.] The Original Prospectus, 
the Prospectus and any supplements thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the Issuer's website (www.nlb.si) and copies 
may be obtained free of charge from Nova Ljubljanska banka d.d., Ljubljana, Trg republike 2, 1000 
Ljubljana, Republic of Slovenia. Full information on the Issuer and the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of the Original Prospectus, the Prospectus, any supplements thereto and these Final 
Terms.]16 
 
 
 
15  Insert for issuances under the current Prospectus. 
16  Insert for tap issuances which shall be consolidated and form a single series with outstanding notes issued under a former base 
prospectus.

--- Page 111 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
PART A – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
[In case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes shall be determined by replicating the 
relevant provisions set forth in this Securities Note as Option I, Option II or Option III (including any 
further options contained in such Options), and completing the relevant placeholders, insert: 
The Conditions applicable to the Notes are set out below: 
[In the case of Notes with a fixed interest rate the relevant provisions of Option I (including relevant 
further options set out therein) shall be replicated and relevant placeholders shall be completed.] 
[In the case of Euro-denominated Notes with a fixed to fixed resettable interest rate the relevant 
provisions of Option II (including relevant further options set out therein) shall be replicated and 
relevant placeholders shall be completed.] 
[In the case of USD-denominated Notes with a fixed to fixed resettable interest rate the relevant 
provisions of Option III (including relevant further options set out therein) shall be replicated and 
relevant placeholders shall be completed.]] 
[In case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes shall be determined by making reference 
to the relevant provisions set forth in this Prospectus as Option I, Option II or Option III (including any 
further options contained in such Options), insert: 
This Part A. of the Final Terms shall be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes that applies to [Notes with a fixed interest rate] [Euro-denominated Notes with a fixed to fixed 
resettable interest rate] [USD-denominated Notes with a fixed to fixed resettable interest rate] (the "Terms 
and Conditions") and that is set forth in the Prospectus as [Option I] [Option II] [Option III]. Capitalised 
terms not otherwise defined in these Final Terms shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes when used in these Final Terms. 
All references in this Part A. of the Final Terms to sections and paragraphs are to sections and paragraphs 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, which are applicable to the Notes 
shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in these Final Terms as if such information 
were inserted in the blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
corresponding to items in these Final Terms which are either not selected or completed or which are deleted 
shall be deemed to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions of the Notes applicable to the Notes.] 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1) 
Currency and Denomination 
 
Specified Currency 
[     ] 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
[     ] 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words 
[     ] 
Specified Denomination 
[     ]17 
Clearing System(s) 
 
☐ 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") 
 
☐ 
New Global Note 
 
☐ 
Classical Global Note 
 
 
17 
The minimum denomination is EUR 100,000 or at least equivalent in the Specified Currency.

--- Page 112 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
☐ 
other Clearing System(s) 
[specify] 
Certain Definitions 
 
Business Day 
 
☐ 
Specified Currency is Euro 
 
☐ 
Specified Currency is not Euro 
 
☐ 
Relevant Financial Centre(s) 
[insert all relevant financial centres] 
☐ 
T2 Business Day 
 
STATUS (§ 2) 
 
☐ 
Preferred Senior Notes 
 
☐ 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
☐ 
Subordinated Notes 
 
INTEREST (§ 3) 
 
☐ 
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I) 
Interest Commencement Date 
[     ] 
Rate of Interest 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
☐ 
Short or long first Interest Period 
[short] [long] first coupon 
Regular interest payments 
[quarterly] 
[semi-annually] 
[annually] 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
[     ] 
First Interest Payment Date 
[     ] 
Day Count Fraction 
 
☐ 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
Determination Date(s) 
[     ] 
☐ 
30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
 
☐ 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis 
 
☐ 
Other Day Count Fraction 
[insert other applicable day count 
fraction] 
 
Euro-denominated Fixed to Fixed Resettable Notes (Option II) 
Interest Commencement Date 
[     ] 
Regular interest payments 
[quarterly] 
[semi-annually] 
[annually] [insert other applicable 
period] 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
[     ]

--- Page 113 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
First Interest Payment Date 
[     ] 
First Rate of Interest 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
☐ 
Short or long first Interest Period 
[short] [long] first coupon 
☐ 
Broken Interest Amount 
[insert initial broken interest amount 
per Specified Denomination] 
Day Count Fraction 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
Determination Date(s) 
[     ] 
Reset Date(s) 
[insert Reset Date(s)] 
First Reset Date 
[     ] 
Reset Determination Date 
[second T2 Business Day prior to the 
relevant Reset Date] [insert other 
applicable reset determination date 
description] 
Margin 
 
☐ 
plus 
[     ] per cent. per annum18 
☐ 
minus 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
Reference Rate 
 
Original Benchmark Rate 
[insert number, term and name of the 
relevant Euro Mid Swap rate] 
Screen page 
[insert 
relevant 
information 
provider, screen page, heading, 
caption] 
Fallback Rate applicable to the [first] Reset 
Period for purposes of the definition of the term 
"Fallback Rate" in § 3(3)(d)(vi) 
[insert 
[(i) 
the 
reoffer 
yield 
determined at the time of pricing of 
the Notes on the pricing date minus 
(ii) the Margin] [other fallback rate]] 
 
USD-denominated Fixed to Fixed Resettable Notes (Option III) 
Interest Commencement Date 
[     ] 
Regular interest payments 
[semi-annually] [annually] 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
[     ] 
First Interest Payment Date 
[     ] 
First Rate of Interest 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
☐ 
Short or long first Interest Period 
[short] [long] first coupon 
 
18 
Insert initial credit spread determined at pricing on the pricing date (which shall not include any increase of the rate of interest or 
other incentive to redeem the Notes).

--- Page 114 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
☐ 
Broken Interest Amount 
[insert initial broken interest amount 
per Specified Denomination] 
Reset Date(s) 
[insert Reset Date(s)] 
☐ 
First Reset Date 
[     ] 
Margin 
 
☐ 
plus 
[     ] per cent. per annum19 
☐ 
minus 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
Reference Rate 
 
Annualised CMT Rate 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
CMT Rate 
[insert number, term and name of the 
relevant CMT rate] 
Term and definition of Benchmark U.S. 
Treasury Security 
[insert 
applicable 
term] 
[insert 
applicable definition] 
Screen page 
[insert 
relevant 
information 
provider, screen page, heading, 
caption] 
Fallback Rate applicable to the [first] Reset 
Period for purposes of the definition of the term 
"Fallback Rate" in § 3(3)(c) 
[insert [(i) the reoffer yield at the time 
of pricing of the Notes minus (ii) the 
Margin] [other fallback rate]] 
PAYMENTS (§ 4) 
 
Business Day Convention 
 
☐ 
Following Business Day Convention (unadjusted) 
 
☐ 
Other business day convention 
[insert other applicable business day 
convention]20 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
 
Redemption at Maturity 
 
Maturity Date 
[insert Maturity Date] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
[yes] [no] 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
[specify]21 
 
19 
Insert initial credit spread determined at pricing on the pricing date (which shall not include any increase of the rate of interest or 
other incentive to redeem the Notes). 
20 
Not applicable to Options II and III. 
21 
In the case of Preferred Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the first Optional Redemption Date must not be earlier 
than the first anniversary of the issue date of the last Tranche of the relevant series of Notes. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the first Optional Redemption Date must not be earlier than the fifth anniversary of the issue 
date of the last Tranche of the relevant series of Notes.

--- Page 115 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Non-Approval (§ 5(5)(b))22 
[yes] [no] 
Non-Approval Event 
[insert applicable date by which the 
Issuer has to obtain the permission of 
the Competent Authority pursuant to 
Article 149(2) ZBan-3] 
Early Redemption for Minimal Outstanding Aggregate 
Principal Amount 
[yes] [no] 
Minimal Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount 
[20] per cent. or less of the aggregate 
principal amount 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT(S) [AND CALCULATION AGENT] (§ 6) 
☐ 
[Additional paying agent(s) 
[insert name and initial specified 
office of the additional or other 
paying agent(s)]] 
☐ 
[Calculation Agent 
[     ]] 
 
22 
Only applicable in the case of Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 116 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
ESSENTIAL INFORMATION 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue or the Offering 
Save for [the fees payable to the Manager[s]] [the commercial interests of the Manager[s]] [the [swap] 
[derivatives] agreement [●] and the Issuer have entered into with regard to the Notes] [if any], so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue or offering of the Notes has an interest material to the issue 
or the offering. 
 
Other Interests, including conflicts of interest 
[specify details] 
[Use of Proceeds23 
[specify details]] 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds 
[     ] 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SECURITIES TO BE OFFERED OR ADMITTED TO 
TRADING 
Total amount of securities being admitted to trading 
[     ] 
Securities Codes 
 
 
ISIN 
[     ] 
 
Common Code 
[     ] 
 
Any Other Security Code 
[     ] 
New Global Note: 
[yes] [no] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[yes] [no] [Not applicable in the case 
of a Classical Global Note] 
 
[Note that the designation "Yes" 
simply means that the Notes are 
intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper, and does not necessarily 
mean 
that 
the 
Notes 
will 
be 
recognized as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]24 
 
23 
See the section entitled "Use of proceeds" in the Prospectus. If the use of the net proceeds is different from the information set 
out therein, insert the relevant information. If further details regarding the use of the net proceeds by the respective Issuer need 
to be disclosed, insert those details. 
In particular, if Notes are issued as green bonds, specify the relevant Green bond framework and the relevant criteria (including, 
but not limited, to the definition of eligible projects, eligibility criteria (or equivalent terms) and whether an (external) opinion or 
certification has been obtained). 
24 
Include explanation in the case of an NGN deposited with one of the ICSDs.

--- Page 117 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
 
[Whilst the designation is specified as 
"No" at the date of these Final Terms, 
should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such 
that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them, the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper (and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper). 
Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]25 
Issue Yield [to the [first] [Reset Date] [Maturity Date]]26 
[Not applicable] [[     ] per cent. per 
annum [until the [first] [Reset Date] 
[Maturity Date] (in case there is no 
early redemption).] 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by virtue of which the 
Notes will be created and/or issued 
[specify details] 
[Offeror of the Notes and/or the person asking for admission to 
trading27 
[Insert the identity and contact details 
of the offeror of the Notes and/or the 
person asking for admission to 
trading, including the legal entity 
identifier (LEI) where the offeror has 
legal personality]] 
PLACING AND UNDERWRITING 
 
Method of Distribution 
 
 
Non-Syndicated 
 
 
Syndicated 
 
Details with regard to the Manager[s] (including the type of commitment) 
 
Manager[s] 
[specify name(s) and address(es) of 
Manager(s)] 
 
Firm Commitment 
 
 
Without Firm Commitment 
 
Stabilisation Manager 
[specify details] [Not applicable] 
 
25 
Include explanation in the case of an NGN not deposited with one of the ICSDs. 
26 
Applicable only in the case of Fixed to Fixed Rate Notes. 
27 
Insert only if the offeror of the Notes and/or the person asking for admission to trading is different from the Issuer.

--- Page 118 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
LISTING[S], ADMISSION[S] TO TRADING AND DEALING ARRANGEMENTS 
Listing[s] 
[yes] [no] 
 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange – regulated market 
 
 
Other Stock Exchange (regulated market, or other third 
country market, SME Growth Market or MTF) 
[specify details] [Not applicable] 
[Expected] Date of Admission 
[     ] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to the admission to 
trading 
[     ] 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Rating[s] 
 
[As at the date of these Final Terms the Notes [have not been rated. The Issuer reserves the right to apply 
for a rating in future.] [have been rated as follows:]] [It is expected that the Notes will be rated as follows:]28 
[Insert details in respect of each relevant rating agency, if any, on whether such rating agency is established 
in the European Union and is registered (pursuant to the current list of registered and certified credit rating 
agencies published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority 
("www .esma.europa.eu")) pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended or has applied for 
registration.] 
Selling Restrictions 
 
Additional Selling Restrictions 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
☐ 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors:29 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
☐ 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors:30 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
[Third Party Information 
 
[specify relevant information] [has] [have] been extracted from [specify relevant source of information]. 
The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, as far as it is aware and 
is able to ascertain from information published by [specify relevant source of information], no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
[Statement on benchmarks according to Article 29 (2) of the Benchmarks Regulation: 
[[As of the Reset Date the] [The] interest amounts payable under the Notes are calculated by reference to 
[specify benchmark(s)], which [is] [are] provided by [insert administrator(s) legal name]. As at the date 
of these Final Terms, [insert administrator(s) legal name] [is] [are] [not] included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011.] 
 
28 
If the Notes have been rated independently of the Programme insert such ratings. Include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has been previously published by the rating provider. 
29 
If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document ("KID") will be prepared in the European Economic Area, "Not Applicable" may be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" must be specified. 
30 
If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the United Kingdom, "Not Applicable" may be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" must be specified.

--- Page 119 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert benchmark(s)] [does] [do] not fall within the scope of the Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation] [and/or] [the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply], such that [insert names(s) of administrator(s)] [is] [are] not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] [insert alternative statement on benchmarks according to 
Article 29 (2) of the Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable]] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
 
By: 
By: 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 120 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will 
be applied by the Issuer for general corporate purposes. 
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds other than using the net 
proceeds for the above-mentioned reasons, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer may use an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from an issue of any Green Bonds specifically 
for Eligible Green Loans as described in the applicable Final Terms and in the Green Bond Framework. 
Use of Proceeds 
The below is a summary of the Issuer's Green Bond Framework. The information only applies to Notes 
issued in compliance with the Green Bond Framework. 
Eligible Green Loans may include loans for purposes of the following categories: 
Category 
Eligibility Criteria 
Renewable Energy 
Financing or refinancing the production of renewable energy: 
• 
Solar energy - Photovoltaics (PV) and concentrated solar power (CSP); 
cogeneration of heat/cool and power from solar energy 
• 
Wind energy - On- and off-shore 
• 
Geothermal energy (≤ 100g CO2e/kWh) 
• 
Bioenergy (≤ 100g CO2e/kWh); fuel that is derived from sources of 
high biodiversity, that competes with food sources or that depletes 
carbon pools is excluded 
• 
Hydropower - Small-scale hydropower projects (less than 25MW) with 
either:  
o 
Life cycle emissions ≤100g CO2 e/kWh or 
o 
Power density > 5W/m2 or 
o 
The electricity generation facility is a run of river plant and does not 
have an artificial reservoir 
Financing or refinancing the production of transmission and distribution of 
electricity projects, including but not limited to transmission and distribution 
infrastructure, as well as smart metering Financing or refinancing of the 
installation, maintenance and repair of renewable energy technologies 
Green Building 
Financing or refinancing of new or existing buildings: 
• 
Buildings built before 31 December 2020 with EPC label ≥ 'A' or 
belonging to the top 15% of the national building stock based on 
primary energy demand (PED) 
• 
Buildings built after 31 December 2020 with energy performance of at 
least 10% better than the threshold for Nearly Zero-Energy Buildings 
(NZEB) based on primary energy demand (PED) in the local market 
• 
Buildings that have been refurbished, resulting in a reduction of PED 
of at least 30% and validated through an Energy Performance 
Certificate 
• 
Buildings that have been refurbished meeting the criteria for major 
renovations under applicable building regulations

--- Page 121 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
• 
New, existing or refurbished buildings which received at least one of 
the following certifications: 
o 
BREEAM 'Excellent' or above 
o 
LEED 'Gold' or above 
o 
DGNB 'Gold' and/or above 
o 
HQE 'Excellent' and/or above 
Energy Efficiency 
Financing or refinancing of energy efficiency projects, such as: 
• 
Manufacture of rechargeable batteries (e.g., lithium-ion batteries), 
battery packs and accumulators for transport, stationary and off-grid 
energy storage  
• 
Construction of facilities that store electricity and return it later in the 
form of electricity 
• 
Installation of electric heat pumps 
• 
Installation, maintenance and repair of energy efficiency equipment 
including LED street lamps 
Clean Transportation 
Financing or refinancing of low carbon vehicles and rolling stock: 
• 
Zero emission vehicles powered by electricity 
• 
Zero emission passenger and freight rail transportation 
Financing or refinancing of low-carbon transportation infrastructure: 
• 
Infrastructure for personal mobility and cycle logistics 
• 
Infrastructure for rail transport 
• 
Infrastructure enabling low-carbon road transport and public 
transportation, such as EV charging points and hydrogen fuelling 
stations 
Sustainable Water and 
Wastewater 
Management 
Financing or refinancing of construction, extension as well as renewal of 
water collection, treatment, and supply systems Financing or refinancing of 
construction and renewal of wastewater collection and treatment. 
Pollution Prevention & 
Control 
Financing or refinancing of: 
• 
Waste to energy with emissions below 100g CO2/kWh. Waste 
incineration follows a waste hierarchy to ensure that as much of the 
waste as possible is reused and recycled before being converted to 
energy 
• 
Production of heat/cool using waste heat 
• 
Recycling facilities, including, collection, treatment, and processing of 
all types of waste, with the purpose to re-use and minimizing the 
amount of waste to landfill, bringing back valuable raw material to the 
market 
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection 
For the governance of the Green Bond Framework, NLB has established a Green Bond Working Group 
which includes representatives from: (i) Financial Markets (co-ordinators of the Working Group); 
(ii) Credit Risk; (iii) Evaluation & Control; (iv) Sustainability; (v) Corporate & Investment Banking 
Management; (vi) Customer, Product Management & Digital Services; (vii) Distribution Networks of 
NLB; and (viii) IT Delivery. The Green Bond Working Group will meet at least twice a year and is 
responsible for:

--- Page 122 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
• 
Preparing and updating the Green Bond Framework, when necessary; 
• 
Evaluating the green loan portfolio in line with the Eligibility Criteria set out above and in the 
Green Bond Framework, validating the purpose of the financing and the environmental objectives 
they contribute to; 
• 
Identifying Eligible Green Loans as per Green Bond Framework criteria; 
• 
Excluding projects/assets from the green loan portfolio that no longer comply with the Eligibility 
Criteria; 
• 
Overseeing the allocation of the proceeds from Green Bonds to the eligible green loan portfolio to 
ensure that the value of the Eligible Green Loan portfolio equals or exceeds the value of issued of 
Green Bonds; 
• 
Preparing allocation and impact reporting on an annual basis (NLB may rely on external 
consultants and their data sources, in addition to its own assessment); and 
• 
Reporting periodically on operations to a consultative body of the Management Board which is to 
be acquainted with the implementation of sustainability activities, development of new sustainable 
financing products and sustainable portfolio development. 
Management of Proceeds 
The net proceeds of any Green Bonds issued under this Programme will be managed by NLB in a portfolio 
approach. NLB intends to allocate the net proceeds from Green Bonds to a portfolio of loans that meets the 
Eligibility Criteria set out above and in the Green Bond Framework and in accordance with the evaluation 
and selection process presented above and in the Green Bond Framework. NLB entities will strive, within 
36 months after issuance, to reach a level of allocation of the NLB Group loan portfolio that at least matches 
the net proceeds from NLB's outstanding Green Bonds. Eligible Green Loans will be added to or removed 
from NLB's Eligible Green Loan portfolio to the extent required. Pending the allocation of the net proceeds 
of Green Bonds to the Eligible Green Loan portfolio, the unallocated amount will be managed within NLB's 
regular cash management operations. 
Reporting 
NLB intends to publish allocation and impact reports annually, at least until full allocation of the net 
proceeds from Green Bonds. NLB will disclose the allocation and impact of the Green Bond proceeds to 
the Eligible Green Loan portfolio for each eligible project category as set out above and in the Green Bond 
Framework, and on an aggregated basis, for NLB's outstanding Green Bonds. The reporting will be 
published on NLB's website. NLB intends to align the reporting with the portfolio approach described in 
ICMA's Harmonised Framework for Impact Reporting (June 2022) on a best-efforts basis. 
External Review 
NLB Group has obtained an independent second party opinion from Sustainalytics to confirm the alignment 
of the Framework with the four core components of the ICMA Green Bond Principles. 
NLB may request on an annual basis, starting one year after issuance of the relevant Green Bond and until 
maturity (or until full allocation) of the relevant Green Bond, a limited assurance report of the allocation of 
such Green Bond proceeds to the Loan Portfolio, provided by its external auditor or a reputable external 
verifier. 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
Neither the Green Bond Framework, nor the Second Party Opinion, which NLB publishes on its website, 
nor NLB's group management report are incorporated into or form part of this Prospectus. Please refer to 
the section "Risk Factors" above for further information regarding risks associated with Green Bonds.

--- Page 123 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE NLB GROUP 
INTRODUCTION 
NLB 
Nova Ljubljanska banka d.d., Ljubljana is a company organised in accordance with the Slovenian 
Companies Act (Zakon o gospodarskih družbah – the "ZGD-1") in the form of a joint stock company 
(delniška družba), and is registered in the court register (sodni register) under identification number 
(matična številka) 5860571000. NLB's corporate seat is in Ljubljana, its registered office is Trg 
Republike 2, 1000 Ljubljana, Republic of Slovenia, and its telephone number is +386 1 476 39 00. The 
legal entity identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is: 5493001BABFV7P27OW30. 
NLB traces its origins back to 1889 (when Mestna hranilnica ljubljanska was established). NLB was 
established in the Republic of Slovenia under its current name on 27 July 1994, with certain assets of 
Ljubljanska banka transferred to NLB. As at 31 December 2023, NLB had a network of 68 branches in its 
domestic market providing services to corporate while having retail clients and had 2,554 employees. NLB 
pursues a universal banking model comprising retail banking operations and corporate and investment 
banking. It is also a leading bank in Slovenia with, according to the Bank of Slovenia ("BSI"), 30.2 per cent. 
market share (by total assets) as at 31 December 2023. NLB's shares are listed on the Prime Market of the 
Ljubljana Stock Exchange and the global depositary receipts representing shares ("GDRs") are listed on 
the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. The largest shareholder is the Republic of Slovenia which 
holds 25 per cent. plus one share of the share capital of NLB as at 31 December 2023. 
Moody's Investors Service Cyprus Ltd ("Moody's") and S&P Global Ratings Europe Ltd. ("S&P") 
currently assign ratings to the Issuer. As at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer's ratings are as follows: 
 
Moody's(i) 
S&P 
Long-term debt ............................................................................................ 
A3 
BBB 
Short-term debt ........................................................................................... 
P-2 
A-2 
Rating outlook ............................................................................................. 
Stable 
Stable 
________________ 
Note: Credit or corporate ratings may not reflect all risks. One or more independent rating agencies may assign ratings to the Notes 
and/or the Issuer. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed in this section, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the standing of the Issuer. A credit rating 
and/or a corporate rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. 
(i) 
Unsolicited rating. 
NLB, which is the NLB Group's (as defined below) largest operating entity (representing 57.5 per cent. of 
the total assets of the NLB Group as at 31 December 2023), is the parent company of the NLB Group and 
as such is responsible for its strategic direction. In addition, it sets the objectives of the individual 
subsidiaries, provides operational support and monitors risks. 
As at 31 December 2023, NLB had total assets on an unconsolidated basis of EUR 16,015 million, loan 
and advances to customers31 of EUR 7,156 million, deposits from customers32 of EUR 11,882 million, and 
EUR 2,249 million in equity. 
NLB is regulated by the European Central Bank ("ECB") and the BSI under the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism. 
 
31 
Loan and advances to customers represents loans and advances to customers, measured at amortised cost and non-trading loans 
and advances to companies, mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss. 
32  Deposits from customers represents following line item of statement of financial position: financial liabilities measured at 
amortised cost - due to customers.

--- Page 124 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
NLB Group 
NLB Group is a Slovenian banking and financial group. From 2000 to 2008 the NLB Group focused on 
expanding its business in South-Eastern Europe ("SEE"). Thereafter, it pursued a strategy of reducing the 
number of companies in the NLB Group, changes to corporate governance and organisational structure, 
and strengthening control mechanisms. 
From 2011, the NLB Group implemented a strategy of focusing on its core activities while gradually 
withdrawing from other (non-core) activities, with a view to improving its competitive position and 
financial performance. 
The NLB Group has successfully undertaken a restructuring strategy since 2016 and thereby has stabilised 
its business and returned to profit in all of its core markets. 
On 30 December 2020, the NLB Group concluded the acquisition of 83.23 per cent. of the ordinary shares 
of Komercijalna banka a.d. Beograd (Komercijalna Banka, Beograd), which is currently 100 per cent. 
owned. The Issuer believes that this acquisition strengthens the NLB Group's presence in SEE, enables the 
NLB Group to extend the number of products and services it offers and allows for greater cross-border 
activity within the NLB Group.  
On 1 March 2022, NLB became a 100 per cent. owner of Sberbank Slovenia which was renamed N Banka 
on 11 April 2022. On 3 August 2023, NLB received the authorisation of the ECB for the merger of 
N Banka. On 1 September 2023, the legal merger between N Banka and NLB was successfully completed. 
As at 31 December 2023, NLB Group's core and non-core activities consisted of seven banks (including 
NLB d.d.) and several companies located in the Republic of Slovenia, SEE and elsewhere. The core 
activities of the NLB Group principally comprise of banking, asset management and increasing importance 
of leasing activities. The key core market of the NLB Group is NLB's home market, the Republic of 
Slovenia, where 45.4 per cent. of the NLB Group's profit before tax was generated in the year ended 
31 December 2023. Other core markets include those markets where the NLB Group carries out banking 
activities; namely, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, Kosovo, North Macedonia and Serbia. In these 
markets, NLB Group banks have a strong market position with reaching or exceeding 10 per cent. market 
share in most countries (based on information available from central banks and the assessment of 
management of NLB). The strategic foreign market segment of the banks is a major profit maker, 
contributing 50.4 per cent. of the NLB Group's profit before tax in 2023. The NLB Group continues to work 
towards creating synergies between its subsidiaries and seeking to streamline its operations. 
As at 31 December 2023, the NLB Group had a total of 418 branches (440 as at 31 December 2022), total 
assets of EUR 25,942 million, loans and advances to customers33 of EUR 13,735 million, deposits from 
customers34 of EUR 20,733 million and EUR 2,883 million of equity. 
SHAREHOLDER STRUCTURE OF NLB 
NLB's issued share capital is divided into 20,000,000 shares. The shares are listed on the Prime Market of 
the Ljubljana Stock Exchange (ISIN SI0021117344, Ljubljana Stock Exchange trading symbol: NLBR) 
and the Global Depositary Receipts (GDRs) are listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange 
(ISIN: US66980N2036 and US66980N1046, London Stock Exchange GDR trading symbol: NLB and 
55VX). Five GDRs represent one share of NLB. 
As at 29 December 2023 (last business day in 2023), NLB had an equity market capitalisation of 
EUR 1,700,000,000. 
 
33  Loan and advances to customers represents loans and advances to customers, measured at amortised cost and non-trading loans 
and advances to companies, mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss. 
34  Deposits from customers represents following line item of statement of financial position: financial liabilities measured at 
amortised cost - due to customers.

--- Page 125 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
The following table shows NLB's main shareholders as of 31 December 2023(1). 
Shareholder 
Number of shares 
Percentage of 
shares 
Bank of New York Mellon on behalf of the GDR holders(2) .......................................  
10,605,146 
53.03 
• of which European Bank for Reconstruction and Development(3) ............................  
- 
>5 and <10 
• of which Schroders plc(3) (4)  
- 
>5 and <10 
Republic of Slovenia ...................................................................................................  
5,000,001 
25.00 
Other shareholders ......................................................................................................  
4,394,853 
21.97 
Total ...........................................................................................................................  
20,000,000 
100.00 
________________ 
(1) Information is sourced from NLB's shareholders book accessible at the web services of CSD (Central Security Depository, 
Slovenian: KDD - Centralna klirinško depotna družba) and available to CSD members. Information on major holdings is based 
on the self-declarations by individual holders pursuant to the applicable provisions of Slovenian legislation, which require that 
the holders of shares in a listed company notify the company whenever their direct and/or indirect holdings pass the set 
thresholds of 5 per cent., 10 per cent., 15 per cent., 20 per cent., 25 per cent., 1/3, 50 per cent. or 75 per cent. The table lists all 
self-declared major holders whose notifications have been received. In reliance on this obligation vested with the holders of 
major holdings, the Bank postulates that no other entities nor any natural person holds directly and/or indirectly 10 or 
more per cent. of the Bank's shares.  
(2) The Bank of New York Mellon holds shares in its capacity as the depositary (the "GDR Depositary") for the GDR holders and 
is not the beneficial owner of such shares. The GDR holders have the right to convert their GDRs into shares. The rights under 
the deposited shares can be exercised by the GDR holders only through the GDR Depositary and individual GDR holders do 
not have any direct right to attend the shareholder meeting or to exercise any voting rights under the deposited shares. 
(3) The information on GDR ownership is based on self-declarations by individual GDR holders as required pursuant to the 
applicable provisions of Slovenian law. 
(4) Further information is available in the chapter "Recent Developments". 
HISTORY OF THE ISSUER 
NLB was established under its current name by the Slovenian Constitutional Act (Ustavni zakon o 
dopolnitvah ustavnega zakona za izvedbo Temeljne ustavne listine o samostojnosti in neodvisnosti 
Republike Slovenije – UZITUL-A) on 27 July 1994. 
Pursuant to the Constitutional Act, NLB took over part of the assets, liabilities and operations of Ljubljanska 
banka. 
Since 1994, a number of events have contributed to the NLB Group in its current form. After having 
consolidated its leading market position in its home market of the Republic of Slovenia in the late 1990s 
and early 2000s, NLB focused on expanding its business in the rest of SEE between 2000 and 2008. 
In 2001, the Republic of Slovenia adopted a privatisation programme for NLB. The first phase of 
privatisation concluded in 2002 with a 34 per cent. stake being purchased by the Belgian banking and 
insurance group, KBC Bank ("KBC"), and a 5 per cent. stake by the European Bank for Reconstruction 
and Development ("EBRD"). EBRD withdrew from NLB's ownership structure in 2008 by way of a sale 
of its stake to the private equity arm of the financial group Poteza. 
From the onset of the global financial crisis in 2008, NLB began reducing the number of companies in the 
NLB Group (including withdrawal from the leasing and factoring sectors to comply with an EC requirement 
as a consequence of state aid), also through a series of mergers of its subsidiaries conducted for the purposes 
of synergy benefits and cost rationalisation. From 2010 onwards, the NLB Group has been in the process 
of divesting non-core subsidiaries based on its new strategy and a restructuring plan (the "Restructuring 
Plan") which aims to improve the sustainability of NLB's operations. 
In March 2011, NLB completed a EUR 250 million capital increase, with the Republic of Slovenia 
subscribing for 97.35 per cent. of the newly issued shares due to a lack of interest from private investors 
and paying in a total amount of EUR 243.4 million, with other investors subscribing for 2.65 per cent. of 
the capital increase. In line with relevant EU legislation, the Slovenian authorities notified the measure to 
the EC and, with a decision dated 7 March 2011, the EC authorised such recapitalisation as emergency aid 
on the basis of Article 107(3)(b) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union ("TFEU") upon 
the submission of the Restructuring Plan.

--- Page 126 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
In 2012, NLB's Tier I capital was further increased by more than EUR 500 million through the provision 
of a hybrid loan of EUR 320 million by the Republic of Slovenia, the issue of new shares to Pension Fund 
Management ("KAD") and the Slovenian Restitution Fund ("SOD") in the amount of EUR 61 million, and 
through net profit of EUR 153 million recorded during 2012 as a result of the repurchase of certain of NLB's 
existing subordinated instruments at a discount. Although, in a decision dated 2 July 2012, the EC 
concluded that this recapitalisation constituted state aid pursuant to Article 107(1) of the TFEU, it was 
found it was temporarily compatible with the internal market as rescue aid for reasons of financial stability 
until a final decision was issued on the Restructuring Plan. At the same time, the EC initiated the procedure 
set out in Article 108(2) of the TFEU relating to the formal investigation of NLB's Restructuring Plan. In 
order to comply with the EC's decision, the Republic of Slovenia additionally increased NLB's capital by 
an amount of EUR 1.9 million at a discounted share price, which brought the total amount of state aid 
received by NLB in 2012 to EUR 382.9 million. In December 2012, its share in NLB capital further 
increased after KBC sold its existing 22.04 per cent. stake to the Republic of Slovenia, resulting in KBC's 
complete withdrawal from the ownership structure of NLB. 
In 2013, the principal and interest of the EUR 320 million hybrid loan was converted into NLB's common 
equity as a result of the fulfilment of conditions for its conversion. 
In January 2013, the Republic of Slovenia submitted a draft of the Restructuring Plan to the EC. On the 
basis of the Restructuring Plan and commitments provided by the Republic of Slovenia to the EC on 
13 December 2013 and as amended on 11 May 2017, on 18 December 2013 the EC issued the "decision 
SA.33229 (2012/C) — (ex 2011/N) — Restructuring of NLB — Slovenia which Slovenia is planning to 
implement for Nova Ljubljanska banka d.d. of 18 December 2013 on State Aid" (the "EC Decision"), 
approving the state aid received by NLB up to that point (EUR 243.4 million in 2011 and EUR 382.9 
million in 2012) and the state aid which was received by NLB in December 2013 (EUR 1,558 million and 
the transfer of impaired assets to the Bank Assets Management Company ("BAMC") with an aid element 
of EUR 130 million as discussed below). 
Pursuant to the BSI Decision on extraordinary measures of 17 December 2013, which was issued in relation 
to the EC Decision, all Qualified Liabilities of NLB were terminated, including NLB's share capital and the 
subordinated liabilities, and the Republic of Slovenia paid in EUR 1,551 million into the capital of NLB 
(NLB's share capital was simultaneously reduced to zero via the termination of liabilities therefrom and the 
rescission and deletion of NLB's shares and then increased to EUR 200 million). On 20 December 2013, 
impaired assets with a gross value of EUR 2.2 billion were transferred from NLB to the BAMC, a so-called 
"bad bank" (i.e. a bank that is to hold the illiquid and/or high risk assets) established by the Republic of 
Slovenia, for which NLB received bonds issued by the BAMC (and guaranteed by the Republic of Slovenia) 
in compensation. 
From 2014 onwards there has been a significant increase in NLB's market penetration and improvements 
to its organisational structure. 
The main milestones of the transformation programme first established in 2012 have been achieved or 
exceeded and in 2015 and 2016, all the NLB Group's members in core international markets including 
North Macedonia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, Kosovo and Serbia, where the NLB Group 
operates through its banking subsidiaries (together with the NLB Group's members in the Republic of 
Slovenia, the "Core NLB Group Members") as well as all core business segments recorded profits. 
Since May 2016, all subsidiary banks have operated under the uniform brand "NLB Banka" with the goal 
of improving brand recognition and enabling the NLB Group to achieve targeted synergies. 
The first phase of privatisation of the Bank was concluded on 14 November 2018, after which the Republic 
of Slovenia reduced its shareholding in NLB from 100 per cent. to 35 per cent. of NLB's share capital. On 
19 June 2019, the second phase of the privatisation process of NLB was completed by way of an accelerated 
book building of 10 per cent. of the Republic of Slovenia's stake in the NLB's share capital minus one share. 
After the completion of these phases, the Republic of Slovenia remains the largest shareholder of NLB, 
owning a 25 per cent. stake plus one share. On the conclusion of the privatisation almost all restrictions 
resulting from the commitments made by the Republic of Slovenia to the EC were lifted. 
In accordance with its commitments to the EC, the Bank was required to divest its interests in the insurance 
company NLB Vita, življenjska zavarovalnica d.d., Ljubljana ("NLB Vita") by the end of 2019. On 
29 May 2020, the Bank sold its 50 per cent. stake in the share capital of NLB Vita in a joint sales process

--- Page 127 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
together with KBC. Vita, življenjska zavarovalnica d.d. (the new name of NLB Vita) remains a strategic 
partner of the Bank. 
On 26 February 2020, the Bank entered into a share purchase agreement with the Republic of Serbia for 
the acquisition of 83.23 per cent. of the ordinary shares of Komercijalna Banka, Beograd. On 
30 December 2020 the Bank completed the acquisition. 
On 29 May 2020, the newly founded provider of leasing services, NLB Lease&Go, entered the Slovenian 
market and joined the NLB Group. 
On 30 December 2020, the NLB Group concluded the acquisition of 83.23 per cent. of the ordinary shares 
of Komercijalna Banka, Beograd. As a result of the acquisition, the NLB Group obtained three banks 
(Komercijalna Banka, Beograd; Komercijalna Banka, Podgorica; and Komercijalna Banka, Banja Luka) 
and the investment fund company Kombank Invest, Beograd. 
On 12 November 2021, the merger of NLB Banka, Podgorica and Komercijalna Banka, Podgorica was 
completed.  
On 9 December 2021, the Komercijalna Banka, Beograd successfully sold 100 per cent. of its ordinary 
shares of Komercijalna Banka, Banja Luka to Banka Poštanska štedionica, Beograd. 
On 22 December 2021, NLB executed the transfer of ownership of Leasing Ljubljana – in liquidation to 
NLB Lease&Go. 
On 1 March 2022, the SRB in coordination with BSI (as national resolution authority) decided to adopt a 
resolution scheme in respect of N Banka (formerly Sberbank Slovenia), which envisaged the application of 
the sale of business tool and BSI issued a decision for the sale of 100 per cent. N Banka shares. Therefore, 
the SRB decided to transfer all the shares issued by N Banka to NLB for a purchase price of EUR 5,109,000. 
Therefore, as of 1 March 2022, NLB became a 100 per cent. owner of N Banka. On 11 April 2022, 
Sberbank Slovenia was renamed to N Banka. The acquisition of N Banka resulted in a gain from a bargain 
purchase (negative goodwill) in the amount of EUR 172,810 thousand.  
On 30 April 2022, NLB's Serbian subsidiaries, Komercijalna Banka, Beograd and NLB Banka, Beograd, 
merged. The new entity operates under the name NLB Komercijalna banka a.d. Beograd. 
On 13 July 2022, NLB successfully squeezed out the remaining shareholders of NLB Komercijalna Banka, 
Beograd and thereby became a 100 per cent. owner of NLB Komercijalna Banka, Beograd. 
In September 2022, the leasing company NLB Liz&Go, Skopje was established which was renamed to 
NLB Lease&Go, Skopje in December 2022. 
In November 2022, NLB Group acquired the leasing company Zastava Istrabenz Lizing, Serbia which was 
renamed to NLB Lease&Go Leasing, Beograd on 17 January 2023. 
On 3 August 2023, NLB received the authorisation of the ECB for the merger of N Banka. On 1 September 
2023, the legal merger between N Banka and NLB was successfully completed. 
On 10 November 2023, NLB Skladi d.o.o., Ljubljana ("NLB Skladi") concluded a purchase agreement 
with the company Generali Investments for the purchase of the majority ownership of the company Generali 
Investments AD Skopje. The completion of the transaction is expected in the first half of 2024. 
On 30 November 2023, NLB entered into a sale and purchase agreement to acquire a 100 per cent. 
shareholding in SLS HOLDCO, holdinška družba, d.o.o., the parent company of Summit Leasing Slovenija, 
and its subsidiaries, from funds managed by affiliates of Apollo Global Management Inc. and the EBRD. 
Total assets of the SLS Group as of 31 December 2023 amounted to EUR 921 million.

--- Page 128 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
COMPETITION FACING THE NLB GROUP 
The NLB Group is a banking and financial services group, headquartered in Ljubljana and with an exclusive 
focus in the Republic of Slovenia and in SEE markets.  
Slovenia 
NLB classifies its competitors in the Republic of Slovenia into the following categories: domestic banks, 
foreign banks, investment banking, brokerage firms and leasing companies. In the financial services market, 
NLB faces competition from domestic banks and subsidiaries of foreign banks such as OTP Group (which 
acquired the second largest bank in Slovenia, Nova KBM, and SKB Banka, which both now form part of 
the OTP Group), UniCredit Banka Slovenija, Addiko Bank (formerly Hypo Alpe-Adria Bank), Gorenjska 
banka and major regional banks such as Banka Intesa Sanpaolo (formerly Banka Koper). 
Since the Republic of Slovenia entered the EU, the presence of foreign banks in the region has increased 
considerably in both corporate and retail banking. However, there has been an ongoing consolidation of 
Slovenian banks in the last two years. Further consolidation may change NLB's market position. In 
specialised services, such as investment banking, NLB's competitors are specialised companies 
(in particular, stock brokerage companies). 
Serbia 
The Serbian banking market remains highly competitive with 20 banks operating in the market as of 
31 December 2023. In 2023, several integrations occurred on the market - Raiffeisen bank merged with 
RBA Banka (formerly Credit Agricole) and AIK banka merged with Naša AIK banka (formerly Sberbank 
Serbia). In addition, in March 2023, AIK banka signed an agreement for the acquisition of a 100 per cent. 
of stake in Eurobank Direktna Banka. The expected merger of AIK and Eurobank will put NLB 
Komercijalna banka on sixth position on the Serbian market in terms of assets. The largest banks in Serbia 
are Banca Intesa, OTP, Raiffeisen, AIK & Eurobank and UniCredit Serbia. Despite high competition in the 
region, the NLB Group sees significant potential in the Serbian market and continues with ambitious growth 
plans. 
North Macedonia 
There are 13 banks operating in North Macedonia. The banking sector in the Republic of North Macedonia 
is highly concentrated with NLB Banka, Skopje and the four other largest banks in the country, 
Komercijalna Bank, Skopje, Stopanska Bank Skopje, Sparkasse Banka Skopje (after integration with 
Ohridska Banka in 2023) and Halk Banka Skopje holding a market share (measured by total assets 
according to the Macedonian central bank and published annual financial statements) of 81 per cent. as of 
31 December 2023.  
NLB Banka, Skopje is a systematically important bank with the second largest loan portfolio in retail and 
the fifth in the corporate segment. 
Bosnia and Herzegovina 
Bosnia and Herzegovina ("BiH") consists of two entities, i.e. the Republic of Srpska and the Federation of 
BiH, with banking supervision performed by both the Banking Agency of the Republic of Srpska and the 
Banking Agency of the Federation of BiH. Currently 23 banks are operating on the whole BiH market, of 
which 15 banks are domiciled in the Federation BiH and 8 in the Republic of Srpska. 
There are 15 banks domiciled in the Federation of BiH with an additional 3 banks from the Republic of 
Srpska also present in the Federation of BiH market. As of 31 December 2023, the largest banks are 
Unicredit Bank, Raiffeisen Bank and Intesa Sanpaolo. NLB Banka, Sarajevo is ranked seventh in the 
banking sector of the Federation, with a market share of 6.1 per cent. per total assets and 6.7 per cent. per 
total loans. 
There are 8 banks domiciled in the Republic of Srpska with an additional 7 banks from the Federation of 
BiH also present on the Republic of Srpska market. NLB Banka, Banja Luka is the second largest bank in 
the market in terms of total assets as of 31 December 2023 with 20.4 per cent. market share. Nova Banka 
Group, domestically owned, is the largest group on the market, including Nova Banka and Atos Bank (ex-
SBER). Besides also several international groups like Unicredit, Addiko, and Raiffeisen are also present.

--- Page 129 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
As of 31 December 2023, NLB Banka, Banja Luka and the two other largest banks in the country, Nova 
Banka and UniCredit are holding a market share of 62 per cent. in total assets and 59 per cent. in gross 
loans. 
Kosovo 
There are 11 banks operating in Kosovo. NLB Banka, Prishtina is the second largest in terms of net assets 
and net loans, at around 18 per cent. in loans and deposits. The competition in the market is concentrated, 
with nine banks with foreign ownership which dominate the banking sector (holding in aggregate of 
approximately 84 per cent. of total assets as at 31 December 2023 according to data from the Central Bank 
of Kosovo and the Kosovo Banking Association). The main competition comes from Austria (Raiffeisen 
Bank), Germany (ProCredit), Albania (Banka Kombëtare Tregtare) and Turkey (TEB Bank, Is Bankasi, 
Ziraat and BKT). NLB Banka, Prishtina and the three other largest banks in the country, Raiffeisen Bank 
Kosovo, ProCredit Bank and Banka Kombetare Tregtare are holding a market share of 65 per cent. in total 
net loans as of 31 December 2023 (according to data from the Central Bank of Kosovo). 
Montenegro 
In the relatively small market of Montenegro, there are 13 banks. NLB Banka, Podgorica merged 
successfully with Komercijalna Bank, Podgorica in November 2021. The merged bank is the second largest 
by total assets in the local market with market share of 14.4 per cent. in total assets as of 31 December 2023. 
CKB (OTP Group) remains the largest bank, followed by NLB Banka, Podgorica, Erste, Hipotekarna bank 
and Prva bank. 
STRATEGY 
The NLB Group has defined its new Strategy 2030 to become the leading bank in SEE. The new strategy 
equally balances revenue generation based on best practices as well as transformation NLB into the leading 
operating platform in the region through rigours simplification and digitalisation that maintains its prudent 
risk practices. The NLB Group's vision is to create sustainable growth to support individuals and business. 
Strategic focus 
Be regional champion: The NLB Group aims to further strengthen its role as a systemically important 
financial institution in the SEE region and strives to be a market leader in all of its core markets. 
Putting clients first: The NLB Group aims to strengthen its customer proposition to reset of distribution for 
digitising customers with truly digital channels with mobile as core interface with optimising branches, 
accelerate existing within core products and services across the region and broaden revenue base across 
selected strategic plays. Furthermore, the NLB Group is working on upgrading its platform into a digital 
first proposition. Across all of this, the Bank aims for a positive contribution to the societies it serves, with 
a strong commitment to developing the market for investments as well as financial protection/insurance 
across the region. 
Grow its market position: The NLB Group is working to protect and strengthen its market position as a 
systemically important bank in its home region. It also works to actively participate in the expected growth 
and consolidation of the market, while focusing on increasing profitability through a more customer-centric 
approach and digitalisation. 
Monetise opportunities and synergies: Significant strategic business efforts have been made to achieve 
business synergies across the NLB Group regarding costs and operational efficiency. In Slovenia, the Bank 
has achieved further synergies with the full integration of N Banka in 2023. The Bank is pursuing growth 
through entering and expanding its presence into selected adjacent businesses (such as leasing and 
bancassurance) and diversifying its services on a horizontal level. Further to the organic growth capacities, 
the Bank is simultaneously monitoring additional potential M&A opportunities in banking and adjacent 
businesses (to consolidate processes in the financial sector in the SEE). NLB Group has an exclusive 
strategic interest in its home region – Southeast Europe.

--- Page 130 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
Continuing transformation 
The NLB Group has identified a series of projects and initiatives and has also dedicated considerable 
investment funds for their implementation. The backbone of the strategy is strengthening customer-
centricity by establishing customer-based market management, improving the understanding of the clients, 
reimagining digital client journeys and accelerating innovation to provide lifestyle and value chain services 
to lock relationships. 
The transformation program also focuses some efforts into increased operational efficiency, cost 
management and the improved utilisation of the NLB Group's capital. Simultaneously, overall operational 
capabilities are being enhanced by improving human capital, optimising IT, digitalising internal processes 
and leveraging information capital.  
Digitalisation 
The NLB Group continues implementing substantial efforts and resources toward digital distribution 
channels and operating models. The customers' preference for an increased share of digital business 
interactions has remained even after normalisation since the COVID-19 pandemic. Effective and safe 
digital distribution channels require novel operating models and automated processes to minimise response 
times and costs. One of the results of digitalisation and process optimisation is a reduced amount of printed 
paper. 
The NLB Group will continue to invest in information technology ("IT") infrastructure and its digital 
capabilities and roles. The focus will be on improving the speed of IT delivery by adopting agile 
methodology principles, providing and implementing the best online experience for customers in the SEE, 
and enhancing capabilities for processing data, modelling, and delivering relevant services to clients. One 
such example is the launch of the new omnichannel solution "NLB Klik", which allows checking and 
managing personal finances and offers a unified user experience on mobile phones and PCs. 
Sustainability and ESG integration in the business model 
As an NLB Group-wide initiative, sustainability is strategically governed across the NLB Group's business 
lines, and encompasses three pillars: sustainable operations, sustainable finance, and contribution to society. 
In 2020, NLB developed the basis for the intensive integration of ESG factors into the NLB Group's 
business model. Moreover, NLB became the first bank from Slovenia to commit to the UN Principles for 
Responsible Banking.  
In May 2022, NLB officially joined the Net-Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA), an industry-led, UN-convened 
alliance of banks worldwide, committed to aligning their lending and investment portfolios with net-zero 
emissions by 2050 or sooner, as set by the most ambitious targets of the Paris Climate Agreement. 
In November 2023, NLB obtained an ESG risk rating by Sustainalytics of low risk 16.0 (1.7 point 
improvement compared to 2022), ranking NLB Group among the top 13 per cent of banks assessed by 
Sustainalytics. The ESG risk ratings by Sustainalytics are categorised across five risk levels: negligible (0-
10), low (10-20), medium (20-30), high (30-40) and severe (40+). 
ESG risk ratings may vary amongst ESG risk ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG 
risk ratings may differ. The Issuer's ESG risk ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future 
operating or financial performance, or any future ability to service the Notes and are only current as of the 
dates on which they were initially issued. ESG risk ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold the Notes. Currently, the providers of such ESG risk ratings are not subject to any 
regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of ESG risk ratings. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such ESG risk rating information 
contained in this Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment decision. 
In 2024, NLB will continue to implement its sustainability agenda. The focus will be the development and 
implementation of the NLB Group net-zero business strategy and measurement of its portfolio emissions. 
The first targets related to reducing the NLB Group's footprint in carbon-intensive industries were published 
at the end of 2023.

--- Page 131 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
Other strategic priorities 
The NLB Group is fully engaged in re-establishing some key financial services across all its markets, thus 
diversifying its services horizontally. In the NLB Group strategy, leasing is one of the strategic activities 
representing an important part of the NLB Group's business portfolio. In December 2021, the NLB Group 
initiated the needed steps for expanding leasing operations in Serbia and North Macedonia. The NLB Group 
further consolidated its strategically important position in 2023 by signing the purchase agreement for 
Summit Leasing Slovenija. In addition, NLB Skladi, which offers clients asset management services, 
concluded an agreement to purchase the majority ownership of Generali Investments AD Skopje, further 
expanding asset management activities within the NLB Group. 
The Bank will continue its working from home initiative in the future, offering more flexibility to its 
workforce and achieving cost benefits at the same time.  
The NLB Group is also putting additional efforts into cross-border loan activity. The NLB Group's 
knowledge of the region and its presence are opening new possibilities for the Bank.  
KEY FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 
For the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, the NLB Group generated a net profit after 
tax attributable to owners of NLB in the amount of EUR 550.7 million and EUR 446.9 million, 
respectively, while the total assets amounted to EUR 25,942.0 million and EUR 24,160.2 million, 
respectively. 
The following table shows the financial highlights of the NLB Group (on a consolidated basis) and of NLB 
(stand-alone) for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. 
 
NLB Group 
NLB 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
 
(in millions of Euros) 
Key income statement figures 
 
 
 
 
Net interest income ..................................................... 
833.3 
504.9 
372.6 
177.0 
Net non-interest income(i) ............................................ 
260.0 
293.6 
265.9 
189.2 
Total costs(ii) ................................................................ 
(501.9) 
(460.3) 
(237.9) 
(207.9) 
Result after income tax ................................................ 
550.7 
446.9(iii) 
514.3 
159.6 
Key financial position statement figures 
 
 
 
 
Total assets .................................................................. 
25,942.0 
24,160.2 
16,014.8 
13,939.3 
Loans and advances to non-banking sector (gross)(iv) .. 
14,063.6 
13,397.3 
7,276.7 
6,157.4 
Deposits from customers(v) .......................................... 
20,732.7 
20,027.7 
11,881.6 
10,984.4 
Key performance figures 
(in per cent.) 
Return on equity after tax ............................................ 
21.0 
19.9 
27.9 
10.2 
Cost income ratio ........................................................ 
45.9 
57.6 
37.3 
56.8 
(i) 
Net non-interest income represents the following line items of income statement: fee and commission income and expenses; 
dividend income; gains less losses from financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair value through profit or loss; gains less 
losses from financial assets and liabilities held for trading; gains less losses from non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair 
value through profit or loss; gains less losses from financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss; fair value 
adjustments in hedge accounting; foreign exchange translation gains less losses; gains less losses from modification of financial 
assets; gains less losses on derecognition of non-financial assets; other net operating income; cash contributions to resolution 
funds and deposit guarantee schemes; gains less losses from non-current assets held for sale; and net gains or losses on 
derecognition of investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures. 
(ii) Total costs represent the following line items of income statement: administrative expenses; and depreciation and amortisation. 
(iii) The NLB Group's results after income tax for the year ended 31 December 2022 were impacted by the inclusion of negative 
goodwill in the amount of EUR 172.8 million from the N Banka acquisition.  
(iv) Loans and advances to non-banking sector (gross) represents following line item of statement of financial position: financial 
assets measured at amortised cost – loans and advances to customers before allowances. 
(v) 
Deposits from customers represents following line item of statement of financial position: financial liabilities measured at 
amortised cost - due to customers.

--- Page 132 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
The following table shows the contribution to NLB Group's revenues and total assets by region for the years 
ended and as at 31 December 2023 and 2022. The column 'Revenues' includes interest and similar income, 
dividend income, and fee and commission income. 
 
Contribution to NLB Group's 
revenues by region 
Contribution to NLB Group's 
total assets by region 
 
Year ended  
31 December 
As at 
31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
 
(in millions of Euros) 
(in millions of Euros) 
Slovenia ...................................................................... 
729.2 
445.7 
14,851.1 
13.935.2 
SEE(i) ........................................................................... 
663.0 
505.9 
11,072.3 
10,216.1 
Western Europe(ii) ........................................................ 
0.1 
- 
18.6 
8.9 
Total ........................................................................... 
1,392.3 
951.6 
25,942.0 
24.160.2 
________________ 
(i) 
Serbia, North Macedonia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Kosovo, Montenegro, and Croatia. 
(ii) Germany and Switzerland. 
ACTIVITIES 
The NLB Group is one of the largest Slovenian banking and financial group in the Republic of Slovenia35 
with an exclusive strategic focus on selected markets in SEE. The NLB Group is principally involved in 
retail banking and corporate banking, offering a comprehensive range of competitive products and services. 
The NLB Group provides universal banking services to retail and corporate clients, as well as asset 
management, bancassurance, and leasing products. 
NLB is a universal bank whose objects are to provide banking and other financial services, as authorised 
by the BSI, as well as to perform other business operations in accordance with applicable regulations. NLB 
may perform business operations in the Republic of Slovenia and abroad. 
NLB Group's segments are defined in accordance with long-term strategy and divided into two major 
categories: core and non-core. 
As at 31 December 2023, NLB Group's business comprised of the following core and non-core segments: 
Core Segments36: 
• 
Retail Banking in Slovenia includes banking with individuals and micro companies (NLB and 
N Banka), asset management (NLB Skladi), and part of the subsidiary NLB Lease&Go, Ljubljana 
that includes operations with retail clients, as well as the contribution to the result of the associated 
company Bankart. 
• 
Corporate and Investment Banking in Slovenia include banking with key corporate clients, 
small and medium enterprises ("SMEs"), cross-border corporate financing, investment banking 
and custody, restructuring and workout in NLB and N Banka, and part of the subsidiary NLB 
Lease&Go, Ljubljana that includes operations with corporate clients. 
• 
Financial Markets in Slovenia include treasury activities and trading with financial instruments, 
while they also present the results of asset and liabilities management (ALM) in both NLB and 
N Banka. 
• 
Strategic Foreign Markets consist of the operations of strategic NLB Group banks in the strategic 
markets (Serbia, North Macedonia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Kosovo, and Montenegro), as well 
as the investment company Kombank Invest, Beograd, NLB DigIT, Beograd, NLB Lease&Go, 
Skopje and NLB Lease&Go leasing, Beograd. 
 
35 
Source: Based on the market share by total assets (source: Bank of Slovenia). 
36  N Banka is included in the segment analysis for the years 2023 and 2022 as an independent legal entity; in the segment analysis 
for the year 2023, it is included with the result for the period 1 January – 31 August 2023.

--- Page 133 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
• 
Other activities include categories in NLB and N Banka whose operating results cannot be 
allocated to specific segments, including negative goodwill from acquisition of N Banka in 2022 
as well as subsidiaries NLB Cultural Heritage Management Institute and Privatinvest. 
Non-Core Segment: 
• 
Non-Core Members include the operations of non-core NLB Group members, namely REAM 
and leasing entities in liquidation, NLB Srbija, and NLB Crna Gora. 
The table below sets out the contribution of each operating segment to the NLB Group's loss/profit before 
tax, and total net operating income, derived from the NLB Group's consolidated financial statements for 
the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. 
 
NLB Group's loss/profit before 
income tax for the year by 
activity 
NLB Group's total net 
operating income(i) 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
 
(in millions of Euros) 
Retail banking (Slovenia) ............................................ 
181.7 
46.8 
367.0 
211.5 
Corporate and Investment banking (Slovenia)............. 
86.9 
52.3 
149.2 
105.2 
Financial markets (Slovenia) ....................................... 
35.3 
33.8 
40.4 
46.6 
Strategic Foreign Markets ........................................... 
291.5 
187.1 
541.6 
427.6 
Non-Core Members ..................................................... 
(10.1) 
(8.7) 
(0.1) 
4.7 
Other ........................................................................... 
(6.8) 
171.8 
5.6 
10.0 
Total ........................................................................... 
578.4 
483.1 
1,103.7 
805.5 
________________ 
(i) 
Note: The sum of net revenues and costs of the segments is greater than items from the leading income statement of the 
NLB Group. The difference results from the activities between the segments, since the effects of these activities appear as 
revenue on one segment and as a cost to the second segment, and therefore are not netted on the segment level. 
The table below sets out the contribution of each operating segment to the NLB Group's total assets as at 
31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. 
 
NLB Group's assets for the year by activity 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(in millions of Euros) 
Retail banking (Slovenia) ..............................................................  
3,791 
3,677 
Corporate and Investment banking (Slovenia)...............................  
3,376 
3,372 
Financial markets (Slovenia) .........................................................  
7,232 
6,514 
Strategic Foreign Markets .............................................................  
11,059 
10,179 
Non-Core Members .......................................................................  
47 
62 
Other .............................................................................................  
436 
356 
Total .............................................................................................  
25,942 
24,160

--- Page 134 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
 
The NLB Group has a banking presence across SEE. The following table sets out the NLB Group member 
banks by total assets (before intercompany elimination adjustments) and market share (based on data 
provided by the central banks of individual countries) in local markets as at 31 December 2023. 
NLB Group member 
Total assets 
Market share by total assets in local 
markets 
 
(in millions of Euros) 
Local market 
(in per cent.)37 
NLB d.d., Ljubljana .................................................... 
16,015 
Slovenia 
30.2 
NLB Komercijalna Banka, Beograd ............................ 
5,019 
Serbia 
9.9 
NLB Banka, Skopje .................................................... 
1,902 
North Macedonia 
15.6 
NLB Banka, Banja Luka ............................................. 
1,041 
BiH-Republika Srpska 
20.4 
NLB Banka, Sarajevo .................................................. 
917 
BiH-Federation 
6.2 
NLB Banka, Podgorica ............................................... 
971 
Montenegro 
14.4 
NLB Banka, Prishtina ................................................. 
1,230 
Kosovo 
16.9 
 
The following figure sets out the composition of the NLB Group's total assets by country as at 31 December 
2023(i): 
 
 
(i)  The geographical analysis includes a breakdown of items with respect to the country in which individual NLB Group members 
are located. 
Retail banking in Slovenia 
The retail banking in Slovenia segment is the key to the NLB Group's operations. NLB has a strong and 
established position in the Slovenian retail banking market, with 29.5 per cent. and 33.5 per cent. market 
share in retail lending and deposit-taking as at 31 December 2023, respectively38. NLB offers its products 
and services via multi-channel distribution, including through its physical network of 68 branches as at 
31 December 2023 and one mobile branch NLB Bank&Go, as well as through its digital channels and the 
only 24/7 banking contact centre in the country, providing also chat and video call functionalities. In the 
years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, profit-before-tax generated in this segment reached 
 
37 
Source: Data from the Bank of Slovenia, the National Bank of the Republic of North Macedonia, the Central Bank of Bosnia and 
Herzegovina, the National Bank of Serbia, the Central Bank of Kosovo and the Central Bank of Montenegro, each of which is 
the competent institution of its country. 
38 
Source: Data of the Bank of Slovenia, NLB's calculation. 
Slovenia 
Serbia
N. Macedonia 
BiH 
Kosovo
Montenegro 
Other
57.7% 
57.2% 
19.3% 
19.6% 
7.6% 
7.3% 
7.4% 
7.5% 
4.5% 
4.7% 
3.4% 
3.6% 
0.1% 
0.1% 
31 Dec 2022 
31 Dec 2023

--- Page 135 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
EUR 181.7 million and EUR 46.8 million, respectively, and segment assets were EUR 3.8 billion and 
EUR 3.7 billion, respectively. 
NLB provides a range of banking products and services to its retail customers in Slovenia, offering current 
accounts and other deposit accounts (including savings accounts), together with related debit cards and 
credit cards for access to domestic and international automated teller machines ("ATM") networks, 
overdraft facilities, mortgage and housing loans, personal loans, payment services and foreign exchange 
services. The NLB Group also provides other retail financial services in Slovenia, including asset 
management, life and non-life insurance and leasing financing. Particular attention is being given to 
offering simple and easy ways to access banking products and services available 24/7. 
The number of active digital users continued to increase (14 per cent. compared to 31 December 2022) 
boosted by the 2023 implementation of new omnichannel solution. The total volume of payments processed 
in the digital bank (online and mobile) in the period from 31 December 2022 to 31 December 2023 
increased equally by 14 per cent. 
Launching the sales of different products (consumer and housing loans with simple collateral, Vita and 
Generali insurance products, deposits, savings and cards) via a video call was an important step towards 
strengthening the role of the Contact Centre as a 24/7 sales channel.  
The Bank's ESG-oriented offer includes green housing loans to finance the construction or purchase of a 
passive house, and finance the purchase of solar panels, heat pumps, and central ventilation, also in 
cooperation with vendors. Connecting with partners to help the Bank's clients in their transition to energy 
efficiency resulted in the offer of the NLB green partner loan as an end-to-end solution. In 2023, the Bank 
sold more than EUR 48 million ESG-related loans. 
Bancassurance 
NLB believes that it is the top sales channel among Slovenian banks with a range of life and non-life 
insurance products in its offer. In the Bank's sales channels bancassurance products of the insurance 
companies Vita and GENERALI Zavarovalnica are sold.  
Products of the insurance company Vita are sold through the Bank's distribution network, including savings 
and investment insurance products and risk and health insurance products. The non-life insurance products, 
including car and home insurance, are provided to the clients in cooperation with GENERALI 
Zavarovalnica. 
Asset and fund management 
NLB Skladi is the asset and fund management company of the NLB Group, with its products exclusively 
distributed by NLB. The NLB Group's model for linking banking and asset management services plays a 
key role within the NLB Group's retail segment. NLB Skladi is a wholly owned subsidiary of NLB and has 
operated in the asset management sector since 2004. 
The company is one of the leading providers of investment fund management services in the Republic of 
Slovenia. According to the Slovenian Investment Fund Association, its market share was 39.6 per cent. as 
at 31 December 2023. The company continues to be ranked first in the Republic of Slovenia with 
50.5 per cent. of all net inflows in the market in 2023. The company remained the largest asset management 
company and the largest mutual funds management company in Slovenia (Securities Market Agency and 
ZDU-GIZ (Slovenia Investment Fund Association)). As at 31 December 2023, total assets under 
management grew by 20 per cent. compared to as at 31 December 2022 to reach EUR 2,360.3 million, of 
which EUR 1,896.3 million were in mutual funds and EUR 464.0 million in the discretionary portfolio. 
In addition to mutual funds, NLB Skladi offers adjustable savings plans, competitive commission rates and 
costs, management in line with international standards, transparent investment policies and investment 
services to other members of the NLB network.

--- Page 136 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
Corporate and Investment Banking in Slovenia 
The corporate and investment banking in Slovenia segment includes banking with key corporate clients, 
SMEs, cross-border corporate financing, investment banking and custody, trade finance, and part of the 
subsidiary NLB Lease&Go, Ljubljana that includes operations with corporate clients. As at 31 December 
2023, the corporate and investment banking segment works with almost 11,000 corporate clients. With a 
25.7 per cent. and 23.4 per cent. market share in total corporate loans and deposits, respectively, as at 
31 December 202339, NLB is a leading bank in the Slovenian corporate banking market. NLB offers its 
products and services by focusing on relationship-based banking via business centres across the country 
and through its digital channels. NLB actively exploits business opportunities in the SEE (see below – 
"Cross-border Financing") to offer a complete range of services as a leading regional bank. In the years 
ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, profit-before-tax generated in this segment reached 
EUR 86.9 million and EUR 52.3 million, respectively, and as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 
segment assets were EUR 3.4 billion and EUR 3.4 billion, respectively. 
The NLB Group provides comprehensive corporate financial services in the Republic of Slovenia and 
abroad to its corporate customers. Services are accessible to small and medium-sized corporate clients 
through the business network, while commercial centres at NLB are available to larger corporate clients. 
The NLB Group offers its corporate clients current and deposit accounts as well as short-, medium- and 
long-term secured and unsecured loans, revolving credit facilities, overdraft facilities, export/import 
financing, issuance of guarantees and letters of credit, credit cards, e-banking via NLB Proklik, m-banking 
via Klikpro, where digital authentication and signing of certain documents is also possible, and certain 
payment services. Additionally, the NLB Group provides its corporate and institutional clients with a full 
range of offerings in debt and equity capital markets, M&A, advisory, brokerage, treasury solutions and 
custodian services.  
Sustainability has been at the centre of the Bank's activities, where the Bank also introduced new green 
products for corporate clients, following the client's needs and with reduced costs. In 2023, the Bank 
approved EUR 131 million of new ESG financing.  
Cross-border Financing 
Through NLB's Cross-border Financing, which connects all banking members of the NLB Group, NLB 
approaches and services clients in a more structured and uniform way throughout the region, utilising the 
extra cross-border lending capability of NLB. This allows the NLB Group to further strengthen its position 
as the largest banking and financial group headquartered in SEE with an exclusive strategic interest in this 
region. 
The focus of the cross-border financing is on continued support to the NLB Group's key clients and 
participation in the financing of some of the key projects in the home region, with a focus on support to the 
energy and telecommunications industries and real estate project finance.  
Cross-border activities continued to develop in 2023. The key highlights include EUR 175 million of signed 
loan facilities in 2023, with EUR 435 million of outstanding portfolio, and EUR 100 million still 
undisbursed loans by the end of 2023. Most of these financings were intended to support green and 
sustainable projects (newly signed loans at approximately EUR 50 million) in the SEE region while 
supporting other key industries like infrastructure, energy and real estate.  
Outside the home region, activities were concentrated on granting assignable loan agreements 
(Schuldscheindarlehen) to major international investment-grade-rated companies from the Nordics and 
Western Europe. Additionally, there has been a strong emphasis on forming strategic partnerships with key 
stakeholders (developers, equity/quasi-equity providers, investors, commercial and development banks), 
especially in the sustainable finance universe regionally and globally. 
 
39 
Source: Data of Bank of Slovenia. NLB's calculation.

--- Page 137 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
Investment banking & Custody 
Within brokerage services, in 2023 NLB executed clients' buy and sell orders in the total amount of 
EUR 942.6 million (2022: EUR 1.1 billion). While in the area of dealing in financial instruments, NLB 
executed foreign exchange spot deals in the total amount of EUR 1,094.8 million (2022: EUR 1.4 billion) 
and for EUR 173.4 million (2022: EUR 433.2 million) worth of derivatives transactions. 
The NLB trading platform has continuously being developed, offering client friendly interaction with NLB 
for executing financial instrument deals. The services for buying and selling physical gold, introduced in 
2022, have also shown considerable growth and high interest on the clients' side in 2023. 
NLB has been actively involved in the financial advisory business. In addition to the M&A and advisory 
business, it was engaged in the organisation of syndicated loans (as a sole mandated lead arranger) in the 
amount of EUR 304 million (NLB participating in financing with EUR 162 million), and organising the 
bond issuance (as a lead arranger or joint lead arranger) in the nominal amount of EUR 523 million. 
The Bank believes to be among the top Slovenian players in custodian services for Slovenian and 
international clients and remains a strong customer-oriented service provider. The total value of assets 
under custody on domestic and foreign markets has increased throughout the year, amounting to EUR 18.6 
billion at the end of the year (31 December 2022: EUR 16.4 million). 
International trade finance transactions 
NLB supports its clients with a range of trade finance services offered in international markets through a 
network of correspondent relationships and international trade financing lines. 
The Bank maintains its leading position in the region, with a 38.6 per cent. market share in trade finance. 
The guarantee portfolio increased by 29.5 per cent. compared to the previous year. 
The Bank's guarantees support all major infrastructure projects in Slovenia and the region. Through all 
types of letters of credit, which are also structured to enable financing, the Bank reduces payment and 
performance risks for exporters and importers. 
A strong focus has been given to purchasing the receivables business, including introducing a reverse 
factoring product developed in Q4 2022.  
Leasing financing 
Intermediary business for NLB Lease&Go, Ljubljana, has also been the focus of the Bank's commercial 
activities, providing clients with the best possible financing solutions for financing vehicles and equipment. 
In NLB Lease&Go d.o.o., Ljubljana, the total volume of new business in 2023 increased by 15 per cent. 
and reached EUR 191.3 million (including short-term financing), which affected the increased balance of 
the leasing portfolio at year end 2023 by EUR 38.7 million or 32 per cent. compared to year on year 2022.  
The end-to-end leasing application has gained further validity and usefulness. It has started to be used on 
the market, mainly through intermediaries – vehicle broker-dealers (partners) and intends to enable, a fast 
and smooth leasing process from start to finish. 
Financial markets in Slovenia 
The financial markets in Slovenia segment includes activities on international financial markets, including 
treasury operations and asset and liability management for the Bank. Treasury covers all treasury operations 
with banks and financial institutions (money market deposits, repos, trading with securities, foreign 
exchange and derivatives). In the changed interest rate environment, continuous focus was on prudent 
liquidity reserves management. 
In the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, profit-before-tax generated in this segment 
on NLB Group level reached EUR 35.3 million and EUR 33.8 million, respectively, and as at 31 
December 2023 and 31 December 2022 segment assets were EUR 7.2 billion and EUR 6.5 billion, 
respectively. On the other hand, the segment liabilities increased from EUR 1,119 million as at 
31 December 2022 to EUR 1,540 million as at 31 December 2023.

--- Page 138 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
Strategic Foreign Markets 
As at 31 December 2023, the core part of the NLB Group in foreign markets consisted of 6 banks, one 
investment fund company, one IT company, and two leasing companies. The primary focus of banking 
members is on the retail and small and micro enterprises' segments. As at 31 December 2023, the NLB 
Group's bank subsidiaries in five out of six foreign markets (Serbia, North Macedonia, Bosnia and 
Herzegovina, Kosovo and Montenegro) had market shares reaching or exceeding 10 per cent., measured by 
total assets.40 NLB's core subsidiaries in SEE markets had, for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 
31 December 2022, an aggregate profit-before-tax of EUR 291.5 million and EUR 187.1 million, 
respectively, including the results of minority owners. They had segment assets of EUR 11.1 billion and 
EUR 10.2 billion, respectively and segment liabilities of EUR 9.3 billion and EUR 8.5 billion, respectively. 
The NLB Group banking subsidiaries are locally firmly entrenched as important financial institutions and 
market leaders across various business segments and provide a comprehensive range of financial services 
to retail and corporate clients.  
In 2023, in a rising interest rates environment, the NLB Group banking subsidiaries marked remarkable 
double-digit growth of gross loans to customers, above the local market average, especially in the retail 
segment, thereby contributing to the overall economic development of local countries' households and 
supporting green financing. 
The following table shows the key financials and other indicators across the NLB Group in the SEE region 
as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023 (or 30 September 2023 where indicated)(i). 
 
NLB 
Komercijalna 
Banka, 
Beograd 
NLB 
Banka, 
Skopje 
NLB 
Banka, 
Banja Luka 
NLB 
Banka, 
Sarajevo 
NLB 
Banka, 
Prishtina 
NLB 
Banka, 
Podgorica 
Result after tax (EUR millions) .......  
132.3 
44.5 
24.3 
12.8 
36.0 
26.7 
Total assets (EUR millions) .............  
5,019 
1,902 
1,041 
917 
1,230 
971 
NLB ownership (%) ........................  
100% 
86.97% 
99.85% 
97.35% 
82.38% 
99.87% 
Branches  .........................................  
172 
48 
42 
34 
33 
21 
Market share by total assets (%) ......  
9.9% 
15.6% 
20.4% 
6.2% 
16.9% 
14.4% 
(i) Data on a stand-alone basis as included in the consolidated financial statements of the NLB Group. 
Non-Core Members 
The non-core members segment includes the operations of non-core NLB Group members, namely REAM 
and leasing entities in liquidation, NLB Srbija, and NLB Crna Gora. 
For the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, profit/loss-before-tax generated in this 
segment reached EUR -10.1 million and EUR -8.7 million, respectively, and as at 31 December 2023 and 
31 December 2022 segment assets were EUR 47.1 million and EUR 61.5 million, respectively. 
The main objective of the non-core members segment is to wind down all non-core portfolios and 
consequently reduce costs. 
To ensure the efficient, sustainable, environmentally and socially responsible operations of NLB Group, in 
alignment with its Real Estate strategy and Governance Policy, effective from 2024, the NLB Real Estate 
Management companies will integrate into the non-financial core segments of NLB Group members. 
LIQUIDITY 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the NLB Group has at its disposal sufficient liquidity reserves to cover 
liabilities that fall or may fall due for payment. Liquidity reserves are required to be available at short 
notice, following the realisation of a stress scenario (that is, immediately or within one week). Liquidity 
reserves are unencumbered liquid assets, which include funds on settlement accounts with central banks 
(funds exceeding the reserve requirement), debt securities and ECB-eligible credit claims. Encumbered 
liquidity reserves, consisting of financial assets (cash and central bank reserves (without obligatory 
reserve), ECB eligible loans and high quality debt securities) that are encumbered for the NLB Group's 
 
40 
Data of the National Bank of the Republic of North Macedonia, BARS: Banking Agency of Republika Srpska, FBA - Federal 
Banking Agency, the Central Bank of Kosovo, the Central Bank of Montenegro and the National Bank of Serbia, each of which 
is the competent institution of its country.

--- Page 139 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
liabilities (as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 amounted to EUR 41.5 million and EUR 123.0 
million for NLB Group; excluding obligatory reserves), used for operational and regulatory purposes, are 
excluded from the liquidity reserves portfolio. 
The liquidity reserves management in the NLB Group is decentralised. Each NLB Group member is 
responsible for its own portfolio, while financial markets in Slovenia manage the liquid assets of NLB. 
NLB Group, and the individual subsidiary banks, hold very strong liquidity positions with a consolidated 
LCR of 245.7 per cent. as of 31 December 2023 and 220.3 per cent. as of 31 December 2022. As at 31 
December 2023 and 31 December 2022, the NLB Group had a NSFR of 187.3 per cent. and 183.0 per cent. 
Debt securities are classified into trading or banking book securities depending on the purpose of their 
acquisition and on the intended manner of their disposal. Securities placed in the banking book serve as an 
instrument for the placement of excess liquidity, as explained below, while the purpose of trading book 
securities is to generate profits from resale. 
The purpose of banking book securities is to provide liquidity, to stabilise the interest margin and to help 
manage interest rate risk. 
The following table shows the unencumbered liquidity reserves for the NLB Group and NLB as at 
31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. 
 
NLB Group 
NLB 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
 
(in millions of Euros) 
Unencumbered liquidity reserves 
 
 
 
 
Cash, cash balances at central banks(i) ......................... 
4,959.0 
4,020.4 
4,142.0 
3,180.5 
Trading book securities(ii) ............................................ 
- 
0.2 
- 
0.2 
Banking book securities(ii) ........................................... 
4,569.7 
4,542.6 
2,810.1 
2,679.4 
ECB eligible loans....................................................... 
678.4 
624.3 
678.4 
624.3 
Total available liquidity reserves ............................. 
10,207.1 
9,187.5 
7,630.5 
6,484.4 
(i) 
Above reserve requirement. 
(ii) 
Market value.  
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, unencumbered liquidity reserves (book value) made up 
39.6 per cent. and 39 per cent. of the NLB Group's total assets, respectively. Encumbered liquidity reserves, 
used for operational and regulatory purposes, decreased by 66 per cent. year on year to EUR 41.5 million 
(excluding obligatory reserves) and were excluded from the liquidity reserves portfolio.  
As at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, the NLB Group had a net loan to deposit ratio ("LTD") 
of 66.2 per cent. and 65.3 per cent., meeting liquidity targets high above the regulatory requirements, and 
confirming the low liquidity risk approach of the NLB Group. The NLB Group holds a comfortable liquidity 
position at both the NLB Group and subsidiary bank levels. 
As at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, the banking book securities portfolio (market value) 
represented 44.8 per cent. and 49.4 per cent., respectively of the NLB Group's liquidity reserves; and was 
dispersed appropriately in terms of issuers, countries and remaining maturity, with the aim of achieving 
adequate liquidity and interest risk management as well as capital consumption.  
The banking book debt securities portfolio slightly decreased year on year to EUR 4,687 million (book 
value), constituting 18.1 per cent. of the NLB Group's total assets compared to 19.7 per cent. in 2022. The 
portfolio's average duration at year-end was 2.8 years (2022: 2.7 years), and the average yield was 0.55 
percentage points higher in 2023, reaching 1.67 per cent.  
Two business models are implemented, dividing the portfolio into securities valued at fair value through 
other comprehensive income ("FVOCI") and securities valued at amortised cost ("AC"). The FVOCI 
portfolio at year-end represented 46.2 per cent. of the total NLB Group debt securities portfolio, 13.5 
percentage points lower year on year, with an average duration of 1.9 years. The negative valuation of 
FVOCI Group's debt securities portfolio during 2023 amounted to EUR 89 million (the net of hedge 
accounting effects and related deferred taxes). New FVOCI investments are typically placed at a short 
duration. In contrast, the AC portfolio at year-end increased to 53.8 per cent. of the total NLB Group debt 
securities portfolio, with an average duration of 3.7 years. Unrealised losses of AC Group's debt securities

--- Page 140 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
portfolio during 2023 amounted to EUR 81 million. The ESG portfolio represented 6.5 per cent. of the 
whole portfolio. 
The following graphs below show the banking book securities portfolio of NLB Group by asset class and 
geographical structure as at 31 December 2023 (in EUR million): 
By Asset Class 
 
By Geography 
 
FUNDING 
Non-banking sector deposits 41 represented the highest proportion of the NLB Group's funding as at 
31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, accounting for 79.9 per cent. and 82.9 per cent. of total 
liabilities and equity on the respective dates. 
As at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, the NLB Group subordinated debt securities issued were 
2.0 per cent. and 2.1 per cent. of total liabilities and equity on the respective dates. 
 
41  Non-banking sector deposits (deposits from customers) represents following line item of statement of financial position: financial 
liabilities measured at amortised cost - due to customers. 
Government 
bonds 3,584
Bank senior 
unsecured 
bonds 556
Covered bond 218
GGB 140
Multilateral bank bonds
136
Subordinated debt 38
Corporate bonds 15
EUR 4,687 million 
Other 1,316
Serbia 720
Slovenia 703
France 376
Germany 275
N. Macedonia 270
Belgium 258
the Netherlands 230
BiH 191
Austria 191 Finland 158

--- Page 141 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
The following table shows the split of total liabilities for the NLB Group as at 31 December 2023, and 
31 December 2022. 
 
NLB Group 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(in millions of Euros) 
 
 
 
Deposits from customers(i) ........................................... 
20,732.7 
20,027.7 
- 
Corporate .............................................................. 
5,859.2 
5,565.6 
- 
Individuals ............................................................ 
14,460.3 
13,948.7 
- 
Government .......................................................... 
413.2 
513.4 
Deposits from banks and central banks ....................... 
95.3 
106.4 
Borrowings .................................................................. 
240.1 
281.1 
Subordinated debt securities ........................................ 
509.4 
508.8 
Senior preferred notes ................................................. 
828.8 
307.2 
Other liabilities(ii) ......................................................... 
587.6 
506.7 
Equity .......................................................................... 
2,882.9 
2,365.6 
Non-controlling interests ............................................. 
65.1 
56.7 
Total liabilities and equity ........................................ 
25,942.0 
24,160.2 
(i)  Deposits from customers represents following line item of statement of financial position: financial liabilities measured at 
amortised cost - due to customers. 
(ii)  Other liabilities represent the following line items of statement of financial position: financial liabilities held for trading; financial 
liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss; financial liabilities measured at amortised cost - other financial liabilities; 
derivatives - hedge accounting; provisions; current income tax liabilities; deferred income tax liabilities; and other liabilities. 
Deposits 
The NLB Group is primarily funded by deposits, with sight deposits prevailing, however, due to increased 
interest rates and attractive offers on term deposits, the share of term deposits increased by 3 percentage 
points in 2023 and accounted for 16 per cent. (13 per cent. at the end of 2022). Most customer deposits 
were from individuals (70 per cent., the same as at the end of 2022) and approximately 80 per cent. of 
deposits from individuals are insured by the Deposit Guarantee Scheme. The following table shows deposits 
from banks and other customers for the NLB Group and NLB as at 31 December 2023 and 
31 December 2022. 
 
NLB Group 
NLB 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
 
(in millions of Euros) 
Deposits on demand 
 
 
 
 
Banks and central banks .............................................. 
75.8 
86.9 
127.7 
193.5 
Other customers .......................................................... 
17,454.5 
17,386.0 
10,674.5 
10,268.9 
- governments .............................................................. 
351.3 
421.8 
64.4 
151.3 
- financial organisations .............................................. 
285.5 
306.8 
225.3 
254.9 
- companies ................................................................. 
4,640.0 
4,374.0 
2,543.3 
2,241.8 
- individuals ................................................................ 
12,177.7 
12,283.4 
7,841.6 
7,620.9 
Other deposits 
 
 
 
 
Banks and central banks .............................................. 
19.5 
19.5 
19.3 
19.1 
Other customers .......................................................... 
3,278.2 
2,641.7 
1,207.0 
715.5 
- governments .............................................................. 
61.9 
91.7 
35.8 
42.0 
- financial organisations .............................................. 
215.5 
237.8 
90.6 
95.6 
- companies ................................................................. 
718.2 
646.9 
378.3 
282.6 
- individuals ................................................................ 
2,282.6 
1,665.3 
702.3 
295.3 
Total ........................................................................... 
20,828.0 
20,134.1 
12,028.6 
11,197.1 
The Bank's and NLB Group's strategic foreign markets deposit structure from a maturity perspective is still 
changing in favour of sight deposits. 
For the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, interest and similar expenses due to 
customers for the Bank was EUR 36.3 million and EUR 5.1 million, respectively. For the years ended 
31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, interest and similar expenses due to customers in the banks in 
the NLB Group's Strategic Foreign Markets was EUR 32.3 million and EUR 13.7 million, respectively.

--- Page 142 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
The following figure shows the split of deposits (in EUR million) of the NLB Group in Slovenia and 
internationally, i.e. outside of Slovenia, as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023: 
11,857
11,854
8,171
8,878
31 Dec 2022
31 Dec 2023
20,028
20,733
90%
10%
31 Dec 2023
77%
23%
International
Slovenia
Sight
Term
 
 
The following table shows the average cost of funding for the NLB Group and NLB for the years ended 
31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. 
 
NLB Group 
NLB 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
 
(in per cent.) 
Average cost of funding (i) (ii) 
0.70 
0.20 
0.92 
0.21 
________________ 
(i) 
Annualised interest expenses and income from Liabilities (interest income from liabilities due to negative interest rate) / Average 
balance of interest bearing liabilities. 
(ii) Unaudited data. 
Borrowings from banks / financial institutions 
As at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, the NLB Group's borrowings from banks and central 
banks and other customers amounted EUR 240.1 million and EUR 281.1 million, respectively, while the 
subordinated bonds amounted to EUR 509.4 million and EUR 508.8 million.

--- Page 143 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
The following table shows the volume of borrowings from banks and central banks and other customers for 
the NLB Group and NLB as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. 
 
NLB Group 
NLB 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
 
(in millions of Euros) 
Loans 
 
 
 
 
- banks and central banks ............................................ 
140.4 
198.6 
82.8 
57.3 
- governments .............................................................. 
20.4 
21.5 
- 
- 
- financial organisations .............................................. 
79.4 
60.7 
- 
- 
- companies ................................................................. 
- 
0.2 
- 
0.2 
Total ........................................................................... 
240.1 
281.1 
82.8 
57.5 
Outstanding senior debt securities 
As at 31 December 2023, the Issuer had EUR 800 million (nominal amount) of senior debt securities 
(31 December 2022: EUR 300 million). 
On 31 December 2023, the outstanding senior debt securities were the following: 
• 
EUR 300 million of senior preferred notes issued on 19 July 2022, with a maturity on 19 July 
2025, if not prepaid earlier (ISIN XS2498964209). The notes carry a fixed coupon interest rate 
during the first two years of 6.0 per cent. per annum (based on a two-year mid-swap and a fixed 
margin of 4.835 per cent.); thereafter, the fixed coupon interest rate shall be determined based on 
the sum of the then applicable reference interest rate (a one-year mid-swap) and the fixed margin 
as defined at the issuance date of the notes. 
• 
EUR 500 million of senior preferred notes issued on 27 June 2023, with a maturity on 27 June 
2027, if not prepaid earlier (ISIN XS2641055012). The notes carry a fixed coupon interest rate 
during the first three years of 7.125 per cent. per annum (based on a three-year mid-swap and a 
fixed margin of 3.606 per cent.); thereafter, the fixed coupon interest rate shall be determined 
based on the sum of the then applicable reference interest rate (a one-year mid-swap) and the fixed 
margin as defined at the issuance date of the notes. 
 
 
 
NLB Group and NLB 
Senior preferred notes 
 
As at 
31 December 2023 
As at  
31 December 2022 
Currency 
Due date 
Interest rate 
Carrying 
amount 
Nominal 
value 
Carrying 
amount 
Nominal 
value 
 
 
 
(in thousands of Euros) 
 
 
 
 
 
EUR 
19 July 2025 
6 per cent. p.a., after 2 years: 
1 years MS + 4.835% p.a. 
307,507 
300,000 
307,212 
300,000 
EUR 
27 June 2027 
7.125 per cent. p.a., after 3 years: 
1 years MS + 3.606% p.a. 
521,333 
500,000 
- 
- 
Total 
 
 
828,840 
800,000 
307,212 
300,000

--- Page 144 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
Outstanding subordinated liabilities42 
As at 31 December 2023, the Issuer had EUR 510 million (nominal amount) of subordinated bonds 
(31 December 2022: EUR 510 million) and EUR 82 million (nominal amount) of capital instruments 
eligible as AT1 capital. 
On 31 December 2023, the outstanding subordinated liabilities were the following: 
• 
EUR 45 million of Tier 2 subordinated bonds issued on 6 May 2019, with a maturity on 6 May 
2029, if not prepaid earlier (NLB27 and ISIN SI0022103855). The notes carry a fixed coupon 
interest rate during the first five years of 4.2 per cent. per annum (based on a five-year mid-swap 
and a fixed margin of 4.159 per cent.); thereafter, the fixed coupon interest rate shall be determined 
based on the sum of the then applicable reference interest rate (a five-year mid-swap) and the fixed 
margin as defined at the issuance date of the notes. On 28 June 2019, NLB obtained the ECB's 
approval to count these Tier 2 notes towards its Tier 2 capital. 
• 
EUR 120 million of Tier 2 subordinated bonds issued on 19 November 2019, with a maturity on 
19 November 2029, if not prepaid earlier (ISIN XS2080776607). The notes carry a fixed coupon 
interest rate during the first five years of 3.65 per cent. per annum (based on a five-year mid-swap 
and a fixed margin of 3.833 per cent.); thereafter the fixed coupon interest rate shall be determined 
based on the sum of the then applicable reference interest rate (a five-year mid-swap) and the fixed 
margin as defined at the issuance date of the notes. On 4 March 2020, NLB obtained the ECB's 
approval to include these subordinated Tier 2 notes in the calculation of Tier 2 capital. 
• 
EUR 120 million of Tier 2 subordinated bonds issued on 5 February 2020, with a final maturity 
on 5 February 2030, if not prepaid earlier (ISIN code XS2113139195). The notes carry a fixed 
coupon interest rate during the first five years of 3.4 per cent. per annum (based on a five-year 
mid-swap and a fixed margin of 3.658 per cent.); thereafter, the fixed coupon interest rate shall be 
determined based on the sum of the then applicable reference interest rate (a five-year mid-swap) 
and the fixed margin as defined at the issuance date of the notes. On 25 March 2020, NLB obtained 
the ECB's permission for the instrument's inclusion in the calculation of Tier 2 capital. 
• 
EUR 225 million of Tier 2 subordinated bonds issued on 28 November 2022, with a final maturity 
on 28 November 2032, if not prepaid earlier (ISIN code XS2413677464). The notes carry a fixed 
coupon interest rate during the first five years of 10.750 per cent. per annum (based on a five-year 
mid-swap and a fixed margin of 8.298 per cent.); thereafter, the fixed coupon interest rate shall be 
determined based on the sum of the then applicable reference interest rate (a five-year mid-swap) 
and the fixed margin as defined at the issuance date of the notes. On 11 January 2023, NLB 
obtained the ECB's permission for the instrument's inclusion in the calculation of Tier 2 capital as 
of 31 December 2022. 
• 
EUR 82 million of capital instruments eligible as AT1 capital issued on 23 September 2022, 
without maturity (perpetual), if not prepaid earlier (ISIN code SI0022104275). The notes carry a 
fixed coupon interest rate during the first five years of 9.721 per cent. per annum (based on a five-
year mid-swap and a fixed margin of 7.20 per cent.); thereafter, the fixed coupon interest rate shall 
be determined based on the sum of the then applicable reference interest rate (a five-year mid-
swap) and the fixed margin as defined at the issuance date of the notes. On 11 November 2022, 
NLB obtained the ECB's permission for the instrument's inclusion in the calculation of Additional 
Tier 1 capital. 
 
42 For more information see "Recent Developments".

--- Page 145 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
 
 
 
NLB Group and NLB 
Subordinated Tier 2 notes 
 
As at 
31 December 2023 
As at  
31 December 2022 
Currency 
Due date 
Interest rate 
Carrying 
amount 
Nominal 
value 
Carrying 
amount 
Nominal 
value 
 
 
 
(in thousands of Euros) 
Subordinated bonds 
 
 
 
 
EUR 
6 May 2029 
4.2 per cent. p.a., after 5 years: 
5 years MS + 4.159% p.a. ............ 
45,980 
45,000 
45,941 
45,000 
EUR 
19 November 2029 
3.65 per cent. p.a., after 5 years: 
5 years MS + 3.833% p.a. ............ 
119,781 
120,000 
119,677 
120,000 
EUR 
5 February 2030 
3.4 per cent. p.a., after 5 years: 
5 years MS + 3.658% p.a. ............ 
123,176 
120,000 
123,106 
120,000 
EUR 
28 November 2032 
10.75 per cent. p.a., after 5 years: 
5 years MS + 8.298% p.a. ……. 
220,458 
225,000 
220,054 
225,000 
Total 
 
 
509,395 
510,000 
508,778 
510,000 
 
 
 
 
NLB Group and NLB 
Capital instruments eligible as 
AT1 capital 
 
As at 
31 December 2023 
As at  
31 December 2022 
Currency 
Due date 
Interest rate 
Carrying 
amount 
Nominal 
value 
Carrying 
amount 
Nominal 
value 
 
 
 
(in thousands of Euros) 
 
 
 
 
 
EUR 
Perpetual 
9.721 per cent. p.a., after 5 years: 
5 years MS + 7.200% p.a. 
84,178 
82,000 
84,184 
82,000 
Total 
 
 
84,178 
82,000 
84,184 
82,000 
INVESTMENTS 
Description of recent material investments 
In recent years, the NLB branch network has undergone significant changes due to digitalisation and global 
changes and trends in the banking industry. In light of the development and wider use of digital channels, 
the branch network was streamlined and optimized to more modern, open and client and employee friendly 
branches with focus in transformation from a transactional to an advisory point of contact for the clients. 
In 2023, the following activities were conducted in this respect: 
• 
three branches were relocated and one new location purchased (to be opened in 2024), while two 
branches were partially renovated, totalling in investment of EUR 2.1 million;  
• 
in the process of N Banka's integration, N Banka kiosks (seven) were integrated into NLB 
respective branches, while two ex-N Banka branches were rebranded to NLB and one still in 
progress (to be finished in Q1 2024), expanding NLB branch network on identified strategic 
locations;  
• 
closure of five non-profitable locations; and 
• 
introduction of new branch channels, e.g. in 2020, the Bank introduced the first mobile branch in 
Slovenia, NLB Bank & Go, which enables the Bank to get closer to residents in the local 
environment. 
Apart from NLB, in 2023 there were also material investments (EUR 8.5 million) in branch network 
renovation in the region. The vast amount refers to NLB Komercijalna Banka, Beograd, which refurbished 
23 branches in 2023 only.  
There is also focus on space and cost optimisation of other business premises including a major adaptation 
of the NLB Group's head office buildings. In 2023, the complete renovation of the regional banks HQ in 
Serbia and Podgorica was finished, while in Slovenia, a project of back office building renovation is

--- Page 146 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
underway. In 2020, a first phase was completed, with the aim of concentrating all NLB's main units in 
Slovenia in the same business district. The second phase of project is planned for the period 2024-2026 
when NLB plans to fully renovate the building. The aim is to make it more energy efficient and to provide 
a modern and friendly working environment for all employees located in Ljubljana. In 2023, investment 
amounted to EUR 1.75 million, while this year it is planned to reach EUR 24 million (includes also 
additional purchase of premises). 
The NLB Group has also invested in the purchase of licenses and maintenance contracts for several data 
and digital software and hardware solutions from several global and regional providers of banking software 
and IT equipment. 
In May 2022, NLB DigIT was officially established as an IT service company to act as a regional hub 
supporting the NLB Group members and delivering digital transformation projects, to which IT services 
from NLB Banka, Beograd were transferred. 
In 2022, NLB Group started to gradually expand its leasing operations in the region of operations by 
establishing a presence in North Macedonia and Serbia. In North Macedonia, the company NLB LIZ&GO 
DOO Skopje was established in September 2022, and was afterwards renamed NLB Lease&Go, Skopje. 
NLB Lease&Go, Ljubljana became the owner of Zastava Istrabenz Lizing in Serbia in November 2022 and 
later renamed it to NLB Lease&Go Leasing, Beograd. 
Description of ongoing material investments 
Another key area of investment is IT infrastructure platforms, in particular, the investment in the new 
equipment which enable stable, reliable and up to date platforms. Most important ones are investments in 
a new disk storage SAN system which is standardised on NLB Group level, internal network equipment by 
implementing state of the art networking equipment which is also standardised across the NLB Group, new 
backup system which will enable quick recovery in case needed and regular replacements of all End of Life 
("EoL") and End of Support ("EoS") equipment. 
Regarding material investments in new platforms to be used at NLB Group level, the Bank continues to 
invest in digitalisation and process automation. There are several strategic projects under way including the 
implementation of a new digital banking platform (for new e/m banking solutions in the retail and corporate 
area) and a new data platform (replacement of existing data warehouse solution with a state-of-the-art data 
management platform). 
With the adoption of its IT security strategy in 2021, the Bank plans to invest in cyber security tools which 
will enable it to increase and strengthen the resilience in the field of cyber security on the NLB Group level. 
These tools will enable the Bank to better monitor, alert and prevent potential security breaches and reduce 
the security related risks.  
In the real estate segment apart from the mentioned renovation of HQ offices, NLB aims to focus on further 
optimisation of premises, as follows: 
• 
branch network optimisation (renovation of branches in total estimated amount of EUR 3 million 
in Slovenia, and EUR 10 million in the SEE region); 
• 
optimisation of other NLB premises throughout Slovenia (including planned monetization of 
identified excess space); and 
• 
special focus is given to the environmental perspective, with envisaged investments in installation 
of solar power generation at NLB facilities (branches), BMS systems e-car chargers (and 
replacement of existing car fleet with e-cars), as well as measures for decrease of energy 
consumption, with the goal to reduce NLB Group's carbon footprint in line with the European Net 
Zero Alliance objectives. In addition to that, in line with overall ESG commitments NLB also 
pursues its social responsibility role, with one such bigger project planned in the upcoming period, 
namely the extension of Bankarium Museum on Čopova street (in Ljubljana) with a gallery area 
(estimated at EUR 3.2 million).

--- Page 147 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
CREDIT PORTFOLIO 
Quality of credit portfolio43 
Although the NLB Group is concentrated in SEE, the NLB Group's credit portfolio of EUR 20.2 billion as 
at 31 December 2023 is diversified without any large concentration in any specific industry or client 
segment. The share of the retail portfolio within the whole credit portfolio is substantial with the segment 
of mortgage loans prevailing. As at 31 December 2023, the portfolio consisted of 14 per cent. large 
corporates, 19 per cent. SMEs and micro companies and 35 per cent. retail loans. The remainder of the 
portfolio consists of other liquid assets. Geographically, loans in the Republic of Slovenia accounted for 
53 per cent. of the total portfolio and 82 per cent. were denominated in Euros as at 31 December 2023. In 
the assessment of the Issuer, the credit portfolio remains diversified with no large concentration in any 
specific industry or client segment. 
The following figure sets out the NLB Group structure of the credit portfolio (gross loans) by segment as 
at 31 December 2023 (in millions of Euros). The credit portfolio of the State includes exposures to central 
banks. The credit portfolio also includes account balances and required reserves at Central Banks, as well 
as demand deposits at banks.  
 
 
The following tables provide the overview of NLB Group corporate credit portfolio by industry as at 
31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. 
 
NLB Group 
 
As at 31 December 2023 
As at 31 December 2022 
 
Credit portfolio 
per cent. 
Credit portfolio 
per cent. 
 
(in EUR millions) 
 
(in EUR millions) 
 
Corporate sector by industry 
 
 
 
 
Accommodation and food service activities ................ 
198.8 
3.0 
216.7 
3.3 
Administrative and support service activities .............. 
111.3 
1.7 
79.8 
1.2 
Agriculture, forestry and fishing ................................. 
344.7 
5.2 
326.2 
5.0 
Arts, entertainment and recreation ............................... 
20.0 
0.3 
23.7 
0.4 
Construction industry .................................................. 
556.9 
8.4 
569.8 
8.7 
Education .................................................................... 
15.0 
0.2 
13.9 
0.2 
Electricity, gas, steam and air conditioning 
543.3 
8.2 
550.5 
8.4 
Finance ........................................................................ 
144.4 
2.2 
224.7 
3.4 
 
43  Credit portfolio relates to gross loans before deduction of allowances for impairment. 
Credit Portfolio by segment as at 31 December 2023
Institutions EUR 453m
SME EUR 3,764m
Corporates EUR 2,865m
Retail Housing EUR 4,105m
Retail Consumer EUR 3,131m
State EUR 5,928m

--- Page 148 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
 
NLB Group 
 
As at 31 December 2023 
As at 31 December 2022 
 
Credit portfolio 
per cent. 
Credit portfolio 
per cent. 
 
(in EUR millions) 
 
(in EUR millions) 
 
Human health and social work activities ..................... 
37.4 
0.6 
46.8 
0.7 
Information and communication ................................. 
291.6 
4.4 
314.9 
4.8 
Manufacturing ............................................................. 
1,524.9 
23.0 
1,458.8 
22.3 
Mining and quarrying .................................................. 
46.1 
0.7 
54.2 
0.8 
Professional, scientific and techn. act. ......................... 
234.9 
3.5 
187.1 
2.9 
Public admin., defence, compulsory social. ................. 
199.5 
3.0 
188.7 
2.9 
Real estate activities .................................................... 
377.4 
5.7 
312.8 
4.8 
Services ....................................................................... 
13.9 
0.2 
16.8 
0.3 
Transport and storage .................................................. 
619.0 
9.3 
629.5 
9.6 
Water supply ............................................................... 
57.1 
0.9 
51.4 
0.8 
Wholesale and retail trade ........................................... 
1,290.2 
19.5 
1,278.0 
19.5 
Other ........................................................................... 
2.8 
0.0 
1.3 
0.0 
Total Corporate sector .............................................. 
6,629.3 
100.0 
6,545.6 
100.0 
 
 
NLB Group 
 
As at 31 December 2023 
As at 31 December 2022 
 
Credit portfolio 
per cent. 
Credit portfolio 
per cent. 
 
(in EUR millions) 
 
(in EUR millions) 
 
Main manufacturing activities 
 
 
 
 
Manufacture of food products ..................................... 
282.0 
4.3 
224.3 
3.4 
Manufacture of fabricated metal products, except 
machinery and equipment ........................................... 
193.3 
2.9 
190.9 
2.9 
Manufacture of electrical equipment ........................... 
190.8 
2.9 
202.7 
3.1 
Manufacture of basic metals ........................................ 
156.0 
2.4 
145.8 
2.2 
Manufacture of other non-metallic mineral products ... 
97.9 
1.5 
107.1 
1.6 
Manufacture of motor vehicles, trailers and semi-
trailers ......................................................................... 
86.0 
1.3 
70.7 
1.1 
Manufacture of machinery and equipment n.e.c. ......... 
79.4 
1.2 
73.5 
1.1 
Manufacture of rubber and plastic products ................ 
74.8 
1.1 
73.2 
1.1 
Other manufacture activities........................................ 
364.5 
5.5 
370.7 
5.7 
Total manufacturing activities ................................. 
1,524.9 
23.0 
1,458.8 
22.3 
 
 
NLB Group 
 
As at 31 December 2023 
As at 31 December 2022 
 
Credit portfolio 
per cent. 
Credit portfolio 
per cent. 
 
(in EUR millions) 
 
(in EUR millions) 
 
Main wholesale and retail trade activities 
 
 
 
 
Wholesale trade, except of motor vehicles and 
motorcycles ................................................................. 
718.4 
10.8 
732.1 
11.2 
Retail trade, except of motor vehicles and 
motorcycles ................................................................. 
428.3 
6.5 
421.2 
6.4 
Wholesale and retail trade and repair of motor 
vehicles and motorcycles............................................. 
143.6 
2.2 
124.6 
1.9 
Total wholesale and retail trade ............................... 
1,290.3 
19.5 
1,278.0 
19.5 
Companies' financing also includes financing of real estate activities (projects), which represent a smaller 
part of the portfolio. Projects are carefully monitored throughout each phase of construction. For income-
producing Commercial Real Estate ("CRE") companies in the operating phase, the DSCR is between 1.2 
and 1.4, and the LTV is, on average, lower than 60 per cent.; a sufficient reserve and repayment to the Bank 
is not threatened. For most approved loans, an amortization repayment structure was backed against the 
background of concluded long-term rental contracts (offices and shopping malls segment). In the 
development phase, the Bank requires a minimum of 25 per cent. of equity and a pre-lease/pre-sale of 30 
per cent. for offices, 60 per cent. for shopping malls and 20 per cent. for residential real estate before first 
disbursement. The Bank finances projects sponsored by investors with proven track records. In the CRE 
portfolio, occupancy rates and rent deterioration have not been observed.

--- Page 149 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
Approximately 53 per cent. of the total NLB Group corporate and retail credit portfolio has a fixed interest 
rate and the rest of the mentioned portfolio is linked to a floating interest rate (mostly by reference to 
EURIBOR). The following table shows the breakdown of the NLB Group credit portfolio by interest type 
and segment as at 31 December 2023:  
 
NLB Group 
 
As at 31 December 2023 
 
Fixed 
Floating 
 
(%) 
Corporate (incl. SME) ................................................. 
37.0 
63.0 
Consumer .................................................................... 
66.1 
33.9 
Housing ....................................................................... 
70.2 
29.8 
As at 31 December 2023, the NLB Group credit portfolio contained EUR 7.2 billion in retail loans, 
comprising approximately 56.7 per cent. retail housing loans and 43.3 per cent. retail consumer loans.  
The NLB Group applies a conservative, disciplined and sustainable credit policy and regularly monitors 
effectiveness of its risk management processes to identify, monitor and control or mitigate material risks, 
including loan approval processes, proactive handling of problematic customers, changes in credit 
processes and early warning systems for detecting increased credit risk. A prudent credit approach and the 
improved economic environment in the NLB Group's core countries of operation have resulted in 
cumulatively low new formation of NPL and a sustainable, relatively low cost of risk. 
In March 2022, the Bank acquired N Banka, their NPE were included in the NLB Group portfolio based on 
fair value. In 2023, NPL formation amounted to EUR 118 million or 0.6 per cent. of the total credit 
portfolio. Nevertheless, the total amount of NPL decreased during 2023 and remained quite low.  
The reduction of NPL on the NLB Group level remains a key focus. The NLB Group has defined a NPL 
strategy whereby it uses different workout approaches for the management of the non-performing portfolio. 
The NLB Group's approach to NPL management puts an emphasis on restructuring and use of other active 
NPL management tools, such as foreclosure of collateral, the sale of claims and pledged assets. In 2023, 
the multi-year declining trend of the non-performing credit portfolio stock continued, mostly due to 
repayments, cured clients and collection. As at 31 December 2022 the existing non-performing credit 
portfolio stock 44 in the NLB Group was EUR 328.3 million and decreased during the year 2023 to 
EUR 300.5 million as at 31 December 2023. The combined result of contraction in non-performing credit 
portfolio stock and credit growth of a higher quality portfolio led to the lower share of NPL from 
1.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2022 to 1.5 per cent. as at 31 December 2023, while the internationally 
more comparable non-performing exposure ("NPE") per cent. based on EBA methodology decreased from 
1.3 per cent. to 1.1 per cent. The NLB Group's indicator gross NPL ratio, defined by the EBA, is equal to 
2.1 per cent. as at 31 December 2023 and is below the regulatory defined threshold for establishment of 
NPL strategy framework. 
Due to the experience gained in the last few years dealing with clients with financial difficulties, resulting 
primarily from legacy portfolios, the NLB Group has developed a knowledge base both in the prevention 
of financial difficulties for clients, (including to restructure viable clients in case of need) and to efficiently 
work out exposures with no realistic recovery prospects. This extensive knowledge base is available 
throughout the NLB Group and risk units as well as restructuring and workout teams are properly staffed 
and have the capacity to deal, if needed, with considerably increased volumes in a professional and efficient 
manner.  
An important strength of the NLB Group is its high non-performing loan coverage ratio. As at 
31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, the NPL Coverage Ratio 1 remained high at 110.0 per cent. 
and 98.9 per cent., respectively, and NPL Coverage Ratio 2 was 64.6 per cent. and 57.1 per cent., 
respectively (which is well above the EU average as published by the EBA (42.6 per cent. for Q3 2023)). 
As such, this enables a further reduction in NPL without significantly influencing the cost of risk in the 
coming years. Moreover, it proves that past reductions in NPL were on average carried out without a 
negative impact to the profit and loss account. 
 
44  Non-performing credit portfolio stock represents gross volume of NPL before loans allowances for impairment.

--- Page 150 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
The NLB Group strives to ensure the best possible collateral for long-term loans, namely mortgages in most 
cases. Thus, the real-estate mortgage is the most frequent form of loan collateral for corporate and retail 
clients. In corporate loans, it is followed by government and corporate guarantees. In retail loans, other 
most frequent types of loan collateral are loan insurances by insurance companies and guarantors.  
The following figure shows NPL (in terms of volume) by geographical location of the NLB Group as at 31 
December 2023: 
 
The following figure shows the top 20 NPL (in terms of volume) of the NLB Group as at 
31 December 2023: 
 
Slovenia
44% 
Other
1% 
BiH
7% 
N. Macedonia
16% 
Montenegro
13% 
Croatia
5% 
Kosovo
6% 
Serbia
10% 
Top 1-10
16.2%
Top 11-20
8.3%
Other
75.5%

--- Page 151 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
The following figure shows NPL cash and collateral coverage (cash coverage calculated including both 
individual and pool provisions) of the NLB Group (in terms of shares) as at 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2023: 
 
Notes:  
NPL specific provisions represents NPL coverage ratio 2 (coverage of gross non-performing loans with impairments for non-
performing loans). 
Cash coverage represents NPL coverage ratio 1 (coverage of gross non-performing loans with impairments for all loans). 
Pool provisions represents the differences between all provisions called cash coverage and NPL specific provisions. 
NPL collateral coverage represents received collaterals for NPLs (coverage of gross non-performing loans portfolio with collateral 
for non-performing loans). 
Total NPL coverage represents coverage of NPL with provisions (cash coverage) and received collaterals for NPLs (NPL collateral 
coverage). 
57%
65%
42%
45%
61%
58%
Dec-22
Dec-23
NPL specific provisions
Pool provisions
NPL Collateral coverage
110%
Cash coverage 
Total NPL coverage 
99% 
160% 
168%

--- Page 152 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
The following figure shows the NLB Group's gross NPL formation by segment (in EUR million): 
Note: 
The new formation is defined as the volume of performing loans (in gross value before deduction of loan loss allowances), that passed 
into non-performing credit ratings (D or E) during the observed period. 
As at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 the gross NPL formation as a percentage of gross loans 
was 0.6 per cent. and 0.7 per cent.45, respectively. 
The following table analyses the maximum exposure to credit risk of the NLB Group and NLB as at 
31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. 
 
NLB Group 
NLB 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
 
(in millions of Euros) 
Cash, cash balances at central banks, and other demand deposits at 
banks...................................................................................................  
6,103.6 
5,271.4 
4,318.0 
3,339.0 
Financial assets held for trading .............................................................  
15.7 
21.6 
18.0 
21.7 
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss ......................................................................................................  
5.2 
3.1 
7.8 
7.9 
Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income ................................................................................................  
2,164.5 
2,838.8 
962.1 
1,291.3 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
 
 
 
 
Debt securities ....................................................................................  
2,522.2 
1,917.6 
1,966.2 
1,597.4 
Loans to government ..........................................................................  
386.3 
303.4 
118.2 
124.7 
Loans to banks ....................................................................................  
547.6 
223.0 
149.0 
350.6 
Loans to financial organisations .........................................................  
91.5 
116.1 
385.0 
286.5 
Loans to individuals ............................................................................  
7,086.8 
6,621.7 
3,543.6 
3,036.5 
Loans to other customers ....................................................................  
6,170.0 
6,031.8 
3,101.5 
2,606.7 
Other financial assets ..........................................................................  
166.0 
177.8 
101.6 
114.4 
Derivatives – hedge accounting ..............................................................  
47.6 
59.4 
47.6 
59.4 
Total net financial assets ......................................................................  
25,307.0 
23,585.6 
14,718.5 
12,836.1 
Guarantees..............................................................................................  
1,631.6 
1,511.3 
1,023.4 
789.6 
Financial guarantees ...........................................................................  
668.3 
648.5 
398.3 
326.8 
Non-financial guarantees ....................................................................  
963.3 
862.8 
625.1 
462.8 
Loan commitments .................................................................................  
2,469.8 
2,388.5 
1,822.8 
1,635.5 
Other potential liabilities ........................................................................  
58.7 
53.7 
18.4 
22.9 
Total contingent liabilities ...................................................................  
4,160.1 
3,953.5 
2,864.6 
2,448.0 
Total maximum exposure to credit risk ..............................................  
29,467.1 
27,539.1 
17,583.1 
15,284.1 
 
45  Cumulative new NPLs formation in selected period divided by gross loans stock. 
0.9% 
0.7% 
0.6% 
5
7
58
51
43
80
70
76
143
127
118
2021
2022
2023
Corporate
SME
Retail
Formation / 
gross loans  
(stock)

--- Page 153 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
 
Total maximum exposure to credit risk shown above presents the NLB Group's exposure to credit risk, 
separating out the risks arising from different types of financial assets and conditional obligations. The 
exposures stated in the above table values balance sheet items at their net book value as reported in the 
relevant statement of financial position and values off-balance sheet items at their nominal value. 
The most important clients for NLB and the NLB Group are large corporate customers, SMEs and 
individuals. 
The following table sets out net loans and advances by geographical location of the borrower for the NLB 
Group and NLB as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. 
 
NLB Group 
NLB 
 
As at 31 December 
Country 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
 
(in millions of Euros) 
Republic of Slovenia ................................................... 
6,705.7 
6,704.6 
6,701.9 
5,824.5 
Other European Union members ................................. 
414.7 
274.8 
222.6 
180.8 
Serbia .......................................................................... 
3,306.8 
2,790.9 
193.4 
184.5 
Other countries ............................................................ 
4,021.0 
3,703.5 
288.8 
337.5 
Total ........................................................................... 
14,448.2 
13,473.8 
7,406.7 
6,527.3 
The most important geographic market for NLB and the NLB Group is Slovenia, with other (principally 
SEE) countries also being important for the NLB Group. 
The NLB Group's credit portfolio is diverse. There is no large concentration in any specific industry or 
client segment. The share of the retail portfolio in the whole credit portfolio is quite substantial, with 
mortgage loans as the still prevailing segment.  
The following table shows gross loans for the Bank as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022.  
 
As at 31 December  
 
2023 
2022 
 
(in billions of Euros) 
Loans to government ................................................... 
0.1 
0.1 
Loans to corporates ..................................................... 
3.5 
2.9 
Loans to individuals .................................................... 
3.6 
3.1 
Total ........................................................................... 
7.3 
6.2 
The Bank's loan volume is increasing, with increases recorded in individual loans, due to newly approved 
housing and consumer loans, as well as in corporate loans, due to higher demand for and utilisations of 
working capital facilities as a result of unpredictable international market environment and with emerging 
of energy crisis arrangement of new syndication financing to the respective energy sector. Due to higher 
volumes, increase of key ECB and reference interest rates, and repricing of new loan production and 
existing portfolio with variable rates as a response to the rising inflation environment, higher interest 
income was recorded. 
The following table shows gross loans for the NLB Group banking subsidiaries as at 31 December 2023 
and 31 December 2022. 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(in billions of Euros) 
Loans to government ................................................... 
0.3 
0.2 
Loans to corporates ..................................................... 
3.0 
2.9 
Loans to individuals .................................................... 
3.5 
3.2 
Total ........................................................................... 
6.8 
6.3

--- Page 154 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
The following table shows loan interest rates(i) for the Bank for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 
December 2022. 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(per cent.) 
Loans to corporates ..................................................... 
4.61 
2.18 
Loans to individuals .................................................... 
4.72 
3.84 
 
 
 
(i) 
Average interest rate for loans (cumulative) is calculated as the ratio between interest income on loans annualised and average 
loans:  
- 
Interest income on loans (cumulative) is annualised, calculated as the sum of interest income on loans in the period divided 
by the number of days in the period and multiplied by the number of days in the year. 
- 
Average loans (cumulative) for the Bank is internal information (average of daily balances for the corresponding period). 
The following table shows loan interest rates(i) for the NLB Group's banking subsidiaries for the years ended 
31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
 
(per cent.) 
Loans to corporates ..................................................... 
5.37 
3.84 
Loans to individuals .................................................... 
6.63 
5.66 
(i) 
Average interest rate for loans (cumulative) is calculated as the ratio between interest income on loans annualised and average 
loans:  
- 
Interest income on loans (cumulative) is annualised, calculated as the sum of interest income on loans in the period divided 
by the number of days in the period and multiplied by the number of days in the year. 
- 
Average loans (cumulative) for the NLB Group banking subsidiaries are calculated as the sum of monthly balances (t) for 
the corresponding period and monthly balance at the end of the previous year divided by (t+1). Sum of data on a stand-alone 
basis as included in the consolidated financial statements of the NLB Group. 
For the year ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, interest income from loans and advances to 
customers46 for the Bank was EUR 311.8 million and EUR 174.5 million, respectively. For the year ended 
31 December 2023 and 2022, the interest income from loans and advances to customers47 in the NLB Group 
banking subsidiaries was EUR 397.1 million and EUR 285.5 million, respectively.  
Impairment methodology 
The NLB Group assesses specific and collective loan impairments at the end of each month for all exposures 
valued at amortised cost based on IFRS 9, a method which came into force as of 1 January 2018. IFRS 9 
requires a shift from an incurred loss model to an expected loss model that provides an unbiased and 
probability-weighted estimate of credit losses by evaluating a range of possible outcomes incorporating 
forecasts of future economic conditions. The expected loss model requires the NLB Group to recognise not 
only credit losses that have already occurred, but also losses that are expected to occur in the future. An 
allowance for ECL is required for all loans and other debt financial assets not held at FVTPL (fair value 
through profit and loss), together with loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts. 
The allowance is based on the ECL associated with the probability of default in the next 12 months unless 
there has been a significant increase in credit risk since the initial recognition, in which case, the allowance 
is based on the probability of default over the life of the financial asset ("LECL"). When determining 
whether the risk of default increased significantly since the initial recognition, the NLB Group considers 
reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This 
includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on the NLB Group's historical 
data, experience, expert credit assessment and incorporation of forward-looking information. 
 
46  Including non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit and loss. 
47  Including non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit and loss.

--- Page 155 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
The NLB Group has prepared a methodology for ECL defining the criteria for classification into stages, 
transition criteria between stages, calculating risk indicators and validating models. The NLB Group 
classifies financial instruments into Stage 1, Stage 2 and Stage 3, based on the applied ECL allowance 
methodology as described below: 
• 
Stage 1 – performing portfolio: no significant increase of credit risk since the initial recognition, 
NLB Group recognises an allowance based on 12-month period; 
• 
Stage 2 – underperforming portfolio: significant increase in credit risk since the initial recognition, 
NLB Group recognises an allowance for lifetime period; and 
• 
Stage 3 – impaired portfolio: NLB Group recognises lifetime allowances for these defaulted 
financial assets. The bank uses a unified definition of past due and default exposures that is aligned 
with Article 178 of Regulation EU 575/2013. Defaulted clients are rated based on the bank's 
internal rating system; and include clients with material delays over 90 days, as well as clients that 
were assessed as unlikely to pay. Retail clients are rated on their facility level, however the rating 
can be reduced based on the rating of other credit facilities of the same clients. 
The majority of the NLB Group's credit portfolio as at 31 December 2023 is classified in Stage 1 
(95.0 per cent.), then 3.5 per cent. in Stage 2, and 1.5 per cent. in Stage 3. Loans in Stages from 1 to 3 are 
booked at amortised cost, while the remaining minor part (0.002 per cent.) represents fair value loans 
through P&L (FVTPL). 
The following figure sets out the NLB Group credit portfolio by stages as at 31 December 2023: 
Stage 2
Stage 3
FVTPL
0%
3%
2%
95%
Corporate
Institutions
State
2%
31%
31%
36%
Stage 1
Retail
 
Note: 
The right chart shows the structure of Stage 1 by client segment. 
The following figure sets out the NLB Group credit portfolio by stages as at 31 December 2023 (in EUR 
million): 
 
Credit portfolio 
 
Stage1 
Stage2 
Stage3 & FVTPL 
 
Credit 
portfolio 
Share of 
Total 
YTD 
change 
Credit 
portfolio 
Share of 
Total 
YTD 
change 
Credit 
portfolio 
Share of 
Total 
YTD 
change 
Total NLB Group  
19,240.8 
95.0% 
1,783.2 
704.1 
3.5% 
85.9 
300.5 
1.5% 
-27.5 
o/w Corporate ...  
6,005.6 
90.6% 
85.6 
454.3 
6.9% 
28.6 
169.4 
2.6% 
-30.4 
o/w Retail ..........  
6,854.7 
94.7% 
431.7 
249.6 
3.4% 
57.0 
131.0 
1.8% 
3.0 
o/w State ...........  
5,928.1 
100.0% 
1,182.5 
- 
- 
- 
0.0 
0.0% 
-0.1 
o/w Institutions .  
452.3 
99.9% 
83.4 
0.3 
0.1% 
0.3 
0.1 
0.0% 
0.0

--- Page 156 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
 
Provisions and FV changes for credit portfolio 
 
Stage1 
Stage2 
Stage3 & FVTPL 
 
Provision 
Volume 
Provision 
Coverage 
Provision 
Volume 
Provision 
Coverage 
Provisions & 
FV changes 
Coverage with 
provisions and 
FV changes 
Total NLB Group  
92.3 
0.5% 
44.1 
6.3% 
194.2 
64.6% 
o/w Corporate ...  
50.0 
0.8% 
19.7 
4.3% 
109.7 
64.7% 
o/w Retail ..........  
39.7 
0.6% 
24.4 
9.8% 
84.4 
64.4% 
o/w State ...........  
2.4 
0.0% 
- 
- 
0.0 
98.4% 
o/w Institutions .  
0.2 
0.0% 
- 
- 
0.1 
75.9% 
The portfolio quality in 2023 was very stable with increasing Stage 1 exposures and a relatively low 
percentage of NPLs. The percentage of the Stage 1 credit portfolio remains almost at the same level as at 
the end of the financial year 2022, i.e., at 94.7 per cent. in the retail segment, while in the corporate segment, 
despite the adverse economic conditions, improved to the level of 90.6 per cent., which is a result of 
cautious lending policy and successful closure of NPL. The Stage 2 allocation slightly increased in the 
corporate and retail segment as a result of the changed macroeconomic conditions and improved Early 
Warning System ("EWS"). Nevertheless, the increase remains negligible compared to the entire portfolio 
volume. 
A significant increase in credit risk is assumed: 
• 
when a credit rating significantly deteriorates at the reporting date, in comparison to the credit 
rating at initial recognition; 
• 
when a financial asset has material delays regarding repayment over 30 days (days-past due are 
also included in the credit rating assessment); 
• 
if the NLB Group grants forbearance to the borrower; or 
• 
if the facility is placed on the watch list ("WL"). 
The WL is an internal list of performing clients that have been identified (at an early stage) as experiencing 
financial difficulty. The WL is divided into: 
• 
WL1: where the seriousness of a client's financial deterioration is relatively small or 
temporary and where it can be expected that such client should eliminate the anomalies in 
a relatively short period of time; and 
• 
WL2: where the seriousness of a client's financial deterioration is large and is the result of 
structural or strategic problems in such client's operations and profitability. 
The process of identifying clients experiencing financial difficulty is aimed at the rapid detection of 
potential problems with performing customers on the basis of early warning indicators (financial, non-
financial) of increased credit risk. The EWS has been put in place at the bank for this purpose. EWS 
identifies any anomalies for performing clients on daily, monthly and other bases and makes proposals for 
inclusion such clients in the WL. 
ECL for Stage 1 financial assets is calculated based on twelve-month probabilities of default ("PD") or 
shorter period PDs, if the maturity of the financial asset is shorter than one year. The twelve-month PD 
already includes the macroeconomic impact effect. Allowance in Stage 1 is designed to reflect ECL that 
had been incurred in the performing portfolio, but have not been identified. 
LECL for Stage 2 financial assets is calculated on the basis of lifetime PDs ("LPD") because their credit 
risk has increased significantly since their initial recognition. This calculation is also based on forward-
looking assessments that takes into account a number of economic scenarios in order to recognise the 
probability of losses associated with a range of predicted macro-economic forecasts. 
For financial instruments in Stage 3, the same treatment is applied as for instruments considered to be credit 
impaired. Exposures below the materiality threshold give rise to a collective allowance calculated using PD 
100 per cent. Financial instruments will be transferred out of Stage 3 if they no longer meet the criteria for 
being credit-impaired after a probation period. Special treatment applies for purchased or originated credit-

--- Page 157 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
impaired financial instruments, where only the cumulative changes in the lifetime expected losses since 
initial recognition are recognised as a loss allowance. 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
One of the NLB Group's key strategies for supporting a sustainable and profitable business is to pursue, 
and incrementally improve upon, a risk management framework that holistically and proactively monitors 
all relevant risk categories of the NLB Group. Such a robust risk management framework is 
comprehensively integrated into decision making, steering and mitigation processes within the NLB Group. 
The NLB Group places high importance on risk culture and awareness of all relevant risks within the entire 
NLB Group. 
The NLB Group's risk management policy is consistently applied throughout the NLB Group's 
organisational structure and aims to ensure the prudent and efficient use of the NLB Group's capital and 
compliance with all legal, regulatory and best practice requirements. Governance and risk management 
tools enable adequate oversight of the NLB Group's risk profile. Moreover, they support business operations 
and enable efficient risk management by incorporating escalation procedures into NLB Group's operations. 
The NLB Group's risk management framework supports business decision-making on strategic and 
operational levels, comprehensive steering, and proactive risk management by incorporating: 
• 
risk appetite statements and risk strategy orientations; 
• 
regular reviews of strategic business goals, budgeting, and the capital planning process; 
• 
the internal capital adequacy assessment process (ICAAP) and the internal liquidity adequacy 
assessment process (ILAAP); 
• 
recovery plan activities; 
• 
other internal stress-testing capabilities and ongoing risk analysis; and 
• 
regulatory and internal management reporting. 
The NLB Group management is focussed on a prudent risk profile, optimal capital usage and profitable 
operations in the long-term. The key risk management category for the NLB Group is the management of 
credit risk, which the NLB Group addresses through a focus on taking moderate risks and aiming for an 
optimal return relative to the risks assumed. With regard to liquidity risk, tolerance is low and the NLB 
Group's risk management policies are geared towards ensuring an adequate liquidity position on an ongoing 
basis. The NLB Group's limited exposure to credit spread risk, arising from the valuation risk of debt 
securities portfolio used as liquidity reserves, is at a moderate level. The NLB Group takes the view that 
such operational risk should not significantly impact its operations. The NLB Group's basic orientation in 
the management of interest rate risk is to limit unexpected negative effects on revenues and capital that 
would arise from fluctuating market interest rates. Therefore, it maintains a moderate tolerance for this risk. 
The NLB Group's risk appetite for operational risk is low to moderate, with a focus on mitigating important 
risks and using key risk indicators as an early warning system. The NLB Group's tolerance for market risks 
is guided by the principle that such risks must not significantly impact its operations. Based on the 
environmental and climate risk assessment, the impact of these risks is estimated to be low, with the 
exception of transition risk in the credit risk area, which is assessed as low to medium. The tolerance for 
other risk types is low, with a focus on minimising their potential impact on the NLB Group's operations. 
In NLB Group, the reported incurred net loss arising from loss events in 2023 was higher than in the 
previous year, resulting in part from an evolving legal practice concerning consumer protection regulation. 
Certain litigation costs occurred due to systemic issues such as changes in the interpretation of legislation 
(e.g. introduction of reimbursement of a proportional part of loan costs in case of early repayment of 
consumer loans in Slovenia), litigation risk (e.g. litigation cases related to loan processing fee and loan 
insurance premium in Serbia) and changes of tax treatment of banking business (e.g. application of VAT 
on card payments services in Bosnia and Herzegovina). A comparable level of materialisation of 
operational risk may also be expected in future periods.

--- Page 158 ---
- 157 - 
 
 
Risk management focuses on managing and mitigating risks in line with the NLB Group's risk appetite and 
risk strategy, representing the foundation of the NLB Group's risk management framework. Within this 
framework the NLB Group monitors a range of risk metrics in order to ensure the NLB Group's risk profile 
is in line with its risk appetite. Risk limits are monitored and potential deviations from limits and target 
values are reported regularly to the relevant committees and/or the Management Board of NLB. A 
comprehensive risk report is reviewed quarterly by the Management Board, the Risk Committee of the 
Supervisory Board and the Supervisory Board. Additionally, the NLB Group has set up early warning 
systems in different risk areas with the intention of strengthening the existing internal controls and ensuring 
timely responses when necessary. 
In its operations, the NLB Group is above all exposed to credit risk, the risk of losses due to the failure of 
a debtor to settle its liabilities to the NLB Group. For this reason, the NLB Group proactively and 
comprehensively monitors and assesses credit risk and follows IFRS, relevant regulations as well as ECB 
and EBA guidelines. In addition, credit risk management is governed in detail by the NLB Group's internal 
methodologies and procedures, particularly those contained in its risk appetite, risk strategy and credit 
policy. The NLB Group manages credit risk at two levels; at the level of the individual customer or group 
of customers and at the level of the quality of the credit portfolio. 
For the purposes of an efficient risk mitigation process, the NLB Group applies a single set of standards to 
retail and corporate loan collateral, which is a secondary source of repayment, with the aim of efficient 
credit risk management and optimal capital consumption. The NLB Group has a system for monitoring and 
reporting collateral at fair market value in accordance with the international valuation standards. When 
hedging market risks, the NLB Group follows the principle of natural hedging or by using derivatives in 
line with hedge accounting principles. 
Each of the banking subsidiaries within the NLB Group has adapted a corresponding approach to its internal 
risk management policies, which are aligned with key NLB Group risk management guidelines and tailored 
for the requirements arising from local regulations. 
CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS 
The European Union's legal framework for banks which applies to the NLB Group is based on the Basel III 
guidelines. In this regard, the Issuer is required to satisfy applicable minimum capital requirements pursuant 
to the CRR (the "Pillar 1 Requirement") at all times. This includes a CET 1 capital ratio of at least 
4.5 per cent., a Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 6 per cent. and a total capital ratio of at least 8 per cent. These 
requirements apply on a consolidated basis. 
In addition to this Pillar 1 Requirement, the Bank must at all times meet the capital requirements that are 
imposed by the ECB following the supervisory review and evaluation process (the "Pillar 2 Requirement", 
and together with the Pillar 1 Requirement, the ("TSCR")).  
Furthermore, the Issuer is required to satisfy at all times a Combined Buffer Requirement within the 
meaning of Article 229 of the Slovenian Banking Act (Zakon o bančništvu – the "ZBan-3"), in the form of 
CET 1 capital. For the Issuer, the Combined Buffer Requirement consists of the sum of: (i) a capital 
conservation buffer, (ii) a countercyclical buffer, (iii) an O-SII Buffer, and (iv) a systemic risk buffer, in 
each case, on a consolidated basis. The TSCR and the Combined Buffer Requirement make up the Bank's 
overall capital requirement ("OCR"), which operates as its maximum distributable amount threshold. 
As of 31 December 2023, NLB is required to maintain, on a consolidated basis, an OCR of at least 
14.51 per cent. (consisting of 9.96 per cent. CET 1 capital; 11.91 per cent. Tier 1 capital), consisting of a 
10.40 per cent. of total SREP capital requirement (consisting of 5.85 per cent. CET 1 capital; 7.80 per cent. 
Tier 1 capital) and a 4.11 per cent. Combined Buffer Requirement (consisting of a 2.5 per cent. capital 
conservation buffer, 1.25 per cent. other systemically important buffer, 0.26 per cent. countercyclical 
buffer, and 0.10 per cent. systemic risk buffer to be made up of CET 1 capital only).  
The Issuer must also follow Pillar 2 guidance, a capital recommendation over and above the OCR, set by 
the ECB through the SREP. Pillar 2 guidance amounts to 1.0 per cent. of CET 1 capital. 
On 1 December 2023, the ECB, Banking Supervision issued an SREP 2023 Decision for NLB to comply 
with on a consolidated basis. The total SREP capital requirement (TSCR) is 10.12 per cent. valid from 1

--- Page 159 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
January 2024. The Pillar 2 Requirement decreased by 0.28 per cent. compared to the previous decision due 
to a better overall SREP assessment. 
On 29 April 2022, the BSI issued a new Regulation that came into effect on 1 January 2023 to maintain a 
systemic risk buffer for exposures in the Republic of Slovenia, which introduces the level of the systemic 
risk buffer rates for sectoral exposures, 1.00 per cent. for all retail exposures to natural persons secured by 
residential real estate in Slovenia and 0.50 per cent. for all other exposures to natural persons in Slovenia. 
From January 2025, the sectoral systemic risk buffer for retail exposures to natural persons secured by 
residential real estate will decrease from 1.0 per cent. to 0.5 per cent. 
Due to growing uncertainties in the economic environment and systemic risks, the BSI introduced a 
countercyclical capital buffer effective from December 2023 onwards of 0.5 per cent. of the total risk 
exposure amount for exposures in the Republic of Slovenia. Additionally, from 1 January 2025 onwards, 
the countercyclical capital buffer rate will increase to 1.0 per cent. 
The capital of the Bank and the NLB Group meets all the current and announced regulatory capital 
requirements, including capital buffers and other currently known requirements, as well as the Pillar 2 
guidance. 
To strengthen and optimise the NLB Group's capital structure, the Bank has issued Tier 2 and AT1 
instruments. For further details, see above "Funding - Outstanding subordinated liabilities". 
As at 31 December 2023, the Total Capital Ratio for the NLB Group stood at 20.3 per cent. (1.1 percentage 
points higher than at the end of 2022) and for NLB at 25.2 per cent. (0.4 percentage points lower than at 
the end of 2022). The CET 1 capital ratio stood at 16.4 per cent. (1.3 percentage points higher than at the 
end of 2022). The higher total capital adequacy compared to the end of 2022 derives from higher capital 
(EUR 302.8 million for the NLB Group) which offset increased RWAs. The NLB Group increased its 
capital with a partial inclusion of 2023 profit (EUR 327.4 million). Temporary treatment of FVOCI for 
sovereign securities ceased to apply as at 1 January 2023, which decreased capital by EUR 61.6 million. 
This effect was compensated with EUR 84.5 million in revaluation adjustments. In December 2023, a 
deduction item related to deferred taxes appeared in EUR 47.0 million. 
The following figure shows NLB Group Capital (in EUR million), realised total capital ratios and 
regulatory thresholds. 
 
287
511
511
1,966
2,296
2,598
15.25% 
17.78% 
31 Dec 2021 
15.10% 
19.15% 
31 Dec 2022 
15.51% 
20.27% 
31 Dec 2023 
15.23% 
1 Jan 2024
2,253 
2,806 
3,109 
1,966 
2,296 
2,598 
Tier 1
Tier 2 
OCR+P2G 
requirement 
TCR realised

--- Page 160 ---
- 159 - 
 
 
 
The following figure shows NLB Group CET1 (in EUR millions), realised CET1 ratio and regulatory 
requirement. 
 
The following table shows the capital ratios of the NLB Group and NLB as at 31 December 2023 and 
31 December 2022. 
 
in EUR thousands 
 
NLB Group 
NLB 
 
31 Dec 2023 
31 Dec 2022 
31 Dec 2023 
31 Dec 2022 
Paid up capital instruments .......................................... 
200,000 
200,000 
200,000 
200,000 
Share premium ............................................................ 
871,378 
871,378 
871,378 
871,378 
Retained earnings – from previous years ..................... 
1,235,363 
908,965 
602,402 
355,861 
Profit eligible – from current year ............................... 
327,398 
334,297 
159,833 
49,602 
Accumulated other comprehensive income ................. 
(75,662) 
(98,470) 
(36,316) 
(50,527) 
Other reserves ............................................................. 
13,522 
13,522 
13,522 
13,522 
Minority interest .......................................................... 
28,798 
26,806 
- 
- 
Prudential filters: Additional Valuation Adjustments 
(AVA) ......................................................................... 
(2,295) 
(2,981) 
(1,067) 
(1,385) 
(-) Goodwill ................................................................ 
(3,529) 
(3,529) 
- 
- 
(-) Other intangible assets............................................ 
(37,153) 
(41,351) 
(20,846) 
(23,675) 
(-) Deferred tax assets 
(47,002) 
- 
(54,069) 
- 
(-) Insufficient coverage for non-performing 
exposures .................................................................... 
(907) 
(418) 
(246) 
(80) 
COMMON EQUITY TIER 1 CAPITAL (CET 1)  . 
2,509,911 
2,208,219 
1,734,591 
1,414,696 
Capital instruments eligible as AT1 Capital ................ 
82,000 
82,000 
82,000 
82,000 
Minority interest .......................................................... 
5,907 
5,481 
- 
- 
Additional Tier 1 capital ........................................... 
87,907 
87,481 
82,000 
82,000 
TIER 1 CAPITAL ..................................................... 
2,597,818 
2,295,700 
1,816,591 
1,496,696 
Capital instruments and subordinated loans eligible as 
Tier 2 capital ............................................................... 
507,516 
507,516 
507,516 
507,516 
Minority interest .......................................................... 
3,874 
3,159 
- 
- 
TIER 2 CAPITAL ..................................................... 
511,390 
510,675 
507,516 
507,516 
TOTAL CAPITAL .................................................... 
3,109,208 
2,806,375 
2,324,107 
2,004,212 
RWA for credit risk ..................................................... 
12,168,121 
11,797,851 
7,449,829 
6,356,959 
RWA for market risks ................................................. 
1,447,713 
1,359,476 
818,113 
776,963 
RWA for credit valuation adjustment risk ................... 
14,200 
85,600 
15,613 
86,138 
RWA for operational risk ............................................ 
1,707,128 
1,410,132 
923,943 
612,654 
TOTAL RISK EXPOSURE AMOUNT (RWA) ..... 
15,337,162 
14,653,059 
9,207,498 
7,832,714 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio ...................................... 
16.40% 
15.1% 
18.80% 
18.1% 
Tier 1 Ratio ................................................................. 
16.90% 
15.7% 
19.70% 
19.1% 
Total Capital Ratio ...................................................... 
20.30% 
19.2% 
25.20% 
25.6% 
10.55% 
15.47% 
31 Dec 2021 
10.46% 
15.07% 
31 Dec 2022 
10.96% 
16.36% 
31 Dec 2023
10.80% 
1 Jan 2024 
1,960 
2,208 
2,510 
CET1
CET1 
(OCR+P2G) 
requirement 
CET1 ratio 
realised

--- Page 161 ---
- 160 - 
 
 
The dividend pay-out in 2023 was split into two tranches. The first instalment of EUR 55.0 million was 
paid in June 2023, while the second was paid in the same amount of EUR 55.0 million in December 2023, 
contributing to the 2023 cumulative pay-out of EUR 110.0 million. 
The preferred resolution strategy for NLB Group is based on the Multiple Point of Entry (MPE) strategy. 
Bail-in at the level of NLB is the primary resolution tool to be applied during the stabilisation phase. 
Within NLB Group, seven resolution groups are designated. The resolution group in the EU is headed by 
NLB and the remaining six resolution groups are headed by the banking subsidiaries located in non-EU 
countries (Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, and Serbia, while Kosovo and North Macedonia have not 
yet implemented MREL legislation). 
The following figure shows resolution groups within NLB Group. 
NLB d.d.
&
NLB Lease&Go, NLB Skladi, Other
NLB 
Komercijalna
Banka, Beograd 
NLB Banka, 
Podgorica
NLB Banka, 
Banja Luka
NLB Banka, 
Sarajevo
NLB Banka, 
Prishtina
NLB Banka, 
Skopje
Resolution
MREL legislation not implemented yet
 
The NLB Resolution Group consists of NLB as the only banking member and other non-banking members, 
the latter representing less than 5 per cent in TREA. On 21 December 2023, NLB received a decision of 
the BSI relating to the MREL requirement which superseded its previous decision dated 23 May 2023. 
According to the new decision, NLB must comply with the MREL requirement on a consolidated basis at 
NLB Resolution Group level which amounts to 30.66 per cent. of TREA (excluding Combined Buffer 
Requirement) and 10.69 per cent. of the Leverage Ratio Exposure (LRE) and has to be complied as of 1 
January 2024. On 31 December 2023, NLB's MREL ratio amounted to 40.24 per cent. of TREA and 19.94 
per cent. of LRE, demonstrating adequate buffer above MREL requirements.  
SEE banking members in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia, and Montenegro are subject to local MREL 
requirements, set as per Total Liabilities and Own Funds (TLOF). As of 31 December 2023, all banking 
subsidiaries were compliant with MREL requirements.  
CORPORATE INCOME TAX AND DEFERRED TAXES OF NLB 
Based on the increased profit projections for the upcoming five years (from 2024 onwards), NLB increased 
recognised deferred tax assets of EUR 56.7 million in 2023 (EUR 48.4 million recognised in income 
statement and EUR 8.3 million in other comprehensive income). Deferred taxes were additionally increased 
for EUR 14.9 million due to a higher corporate income tax rate in the next five years (2024 to 2028), namely 
EUR 13.5 million income recognised in income statement and EUR 1.4 million in other comprehensive 
income. 
For the years 2024-2028 tax on banks' balance sheets was introduced in Slovenia. Yearly tax liability is 
estimated to be more than EUR 30 million. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OF NLB 
In accordance with applicable legislation, NLB employs a two-tier system of corporate governance, 
pursuant to which NLB is managed by its Management Board and its operations are supervised by its 
Supervisory Board.

--- Page 162 ---
- 161 - 
 
 
The Supervisory Board is responsible for the appointment of the President of the Management Board, the 
Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and other members of the Management Board. The Supervisory Board 
is also responsible for the overall supervision of NLB's and the NLB Group's operations in line with EU 
and Slovenian banking law and other applicable regulations. The Management Board represents the Bank 
and manages NLB's business operations. 
Management Board 
NLB's Management Board leads, represents and acts on behalf of the Bank, independently and at its own 
discretion, as provided for by law and the Bank's Articles of Association. The Management Board of the 
Bank is comprised of three to seven members, one of whom is appointed President of the Management 
Board of the Bank. The President of the Management Board may appoint one of the members of the 
Management Board as his/her Deputy subject to a prior approval by the Supervisory Board. The number of 
Management Board members is determined by a resolution of the Bank's Supervisory Board. 
The President and other members of the Management Board of the Bank are appointed and recalled by the 
Supervisory Board of the Bank; the President of the Management Board of the Bank may propose to the 
Supervisory Board of the Bank to appoint or recall an individual member or the remaining members of the 
Management Board of the Bank. 
The President and members of the Management Board of the Bank are appointed for a period of five years 
and may be re-appointed for another term of office. The president and members of the Management Board 
of the Bank may be recalled prior to the expiry of their term of office in accordance with applicable laws 
and these Articles of Association. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Management Board of the Bank consists of Blaž Brodnjak as President, 
CEO, Archibald Kremser as Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), Andreas Burkhardt as Chief Risk Officer 
("CRO"), as well as Hedvika Usenik as Chief Marketing Officer ("CMO") (responsible for Retail Banking 
and Private Banking), Antonio Argir (responsible for NLB Group governance, payments and innovations) 
and Andrej Lasič as CMO (responsible for Corporate and Investment Banking). 
The terms of office of Blaž Brodnjak, Archibald Kremser and Andreas Burkhardt will expire on 
6 July 2026. The five years term of office of Hedvika Usenik, Antonio Argir, Andrej Lasič will expire on 
28 April 2027. 
The table below sets out the members of the Management Board of NLB as of the date of this Prospectus. 
Name, surname and 
position 
Immediate responsibility 
Principal activities performed 
outside NLB 
Blaž Brodnjak (CEO) 
Term of office: 2012–2016, 
2016–2021, renewed term 
2021–2026, CEO since 2016 
• 
Brand and 
Communication 
• 
Strategy and Business 
Development 
• 
Legal and Secretariat 
• 
Human Resources and 
Organisation 
Development 
• 
Internal Audit 
• 
Compliance and Integrity 
Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board: 
NLB Banka, Skopje 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors: 
NLB Banka, Prishtina 
President of the Association of 
Banks in Slovenia 
President of the Board of 
Governors: 
AmCham Slovenia 
Member of the Board of 
Directors: 
Cedevita Olimpija

--- Page 163 ---
- 162 - 
 
 
Name, surname and 
position 
Immediate responsibility 
Principal activities performed 
outside NLB 
Peter Andreas Burkhardt 
(CRO) 
Term of office: 2013–2016, 
2016–2021, renewed term 
2021–2026 
• 
Global Risk 
• 
Credit Risk – Corporate 
• 
Credit Risk – Retail 
• 
Evaluation and Control 
• 
Restructuring 
• 
Workout and Legal 
Support 
• 
Financial Instruments 
Processing 
• 
Corporate Customer 
Delivery 
• 
Retail Banking 
Processing 
Chairman of Supervisory 
Board: 
NLB Lease&Go, Ljubljana 
NLB Banka, Banja Luka 
NLB Banka, Sarajevo 
Archibald Kremser (CFO)  
 
Deputy CEO (since 2023) 
 
Term of office: 2013–2016, 
2016–2021, renewed term 
2021–2026 
 
• 
Financial Accounting and 
Administration 
• 
Controlling 
• 
Financial Markets 
• 
NLB Group Real Estate 
Management 
• 
IT Delivery 
• 
IT Infrastructure 
• 
Data Management 
• 
IT Governance 
• 
IT Security 
• 
Procurement 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors: 
NLB Komercijalna Banka, 
Beograd 
Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board: 
NLB Banka, Podgorica 
Antonio Argir 
Member of the Management 
Board (since 28 April 2022), 
Responsible for NLB Group 
governance, payments, and 
innovations  
 
Term of office: 2022–2027 
 
• 
NLB Group Steering 
• 
Cash Processing 
• 
Payments Processing 
• 
Payments and Cards 
Services and Business 
Development 
Deputy Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board:  
NLB Lease&Go, Ljubljana

--- Page 164 ---
- 163 - 
 
 
Name, surname and 
position 
Immediate responsibility 
Principal activities performed 
outside NLB 
Andrej Lasič (CMO) 
Member of the Management 
Board (since 28 April 2022), 
Responsible for Corporate 
and Investment Banking 
 
Term of office: 2022–2027 
• 
Capital Structure 
Advisory and Cross 
Border Financing 
• 
Large Corporates 
• 
Small and Mid-
Corporates 
• 
Trade Finance Services 
• 
Investment Banking and 
Custody 
• 
NLB Group Corporate 
and Investment Banking 
Management 
Member of the Board of 
Directors: 
NLB Banka, Sarajevo 
Hedvika Usenik (CMO) 
Member of the Management 
Board (since 28 April 2022), 
(responsible for Retail 
Banking and Private 
Banking) 
Term of office: 2022–2027 
• 
Private Banking 
• 
Call Centre 24/7 
• 
Distribution Network 
• 
Costumer, Product 
Management and Digital 
Services 
Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board: 
NLB Skladi 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board: 
NLB Banka, Banja Luka 
Member of Management 
Board:  
Institute for Economic Research 
 
 
Member of Management 
Board: 
British-Slovenian Chamber of 
Commerce 
In their capacity as members of the Management Board, the members of the Management Board are all 
domiciled at the Issuer's registered office, being at Trg Republike 2, 1000 Ljubljana, Republic of Slovenia. 
The key collective decision-making and advisory bodies of the Management Board are: 
• 
the Corporate Credit Committee; 
• 
the Assets and Liabilities Committee of the NLB Group; 
• 
the NLB Operational Risk Committee; 
• 
the Risk Committee; 
• 
the NLB Group Real Estate Management Committee; 
• 
the Sales Committee; 
• 
the Change the Bank Committee; and 
• 
the Private Individual Credit Committee.

--- Page 165 ---
- 164 - 
 
 
The Management Board also appointed the following working bodies that operate at a lower level: 
• 
the Committee for New and Existing Products; 
• 
the NLB Group Real Estate Management Sub-Committee; 
• 
the Committee for Business IT Architecture; 
• 
the Data Management Committee; 
• 
the Anti-Money Laundering Committee; and 
• 
the Corporate Customer Acceptability Committee. 
Advisory bodies of the Bank's Management Board 
The Watch List Committee 
The Watch List Committee is an advisory body which acknowledges the activities related to the clients on 
the Watch List (for more information, see "- Credit Portfolio - Impairment methodology" above). As a rule, 
Committee meetings are convened quarterly. The Committee has seven members. The Chairman of the 
Committee is the member of the Management Board responsible for the area of risk (CRO). 
NLB Group Non-Performing Assets Divestment Committee 
The NLB Group Non-Performing Assets Divestment Committee monitors operations of Non-Core NLB 
Group Members and issues opinions, recommendations and initiatives. The committee discusses the 
strategies regarding optimal management of the NLB Group members and monitors realisation of their 
strategic objectives. The committee has seven members and its meetings are convened quarterly. The 
Chairman of the committee is the Director of Workout and Legal Support. 
NLB Sustainability Committee 
Committee oversees the integration of the ESG factors to the NLB and the NLB Group members' business 
model in a focused and coordinated way across the company and issues opinions, recommendations, 
initiatives and takes relevant decisions when needed. As a rule, committee meetings are convened quarterly. 
The Committee has twenty members. The Chairman of the Committee is the President of the Management 
Board (CEO). 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board supervises the management of the Bank and its duty of diligent and prudent conduct 
in line with powers defined in ZGD-1 and according to provisions of the ZBan-3, other regulations, and 
internal rules of the Bank (the Articles of Association of NLB and Rules of Procedures of the Supervisory 
Board of the NLB). 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Supervisory Board of the Bank consists of 10 members, of which 8 
members represent the interests of shareholders and 2 members represent the interests of employees. 
Members of the Supervisory Board of the Bank representing the interests of shareholders are elected and 
recalled by the Bank's General Meeting from persons proposed by shareholders or the Supervisory Board 
of the Bank. Members of the Supervisory Board of the Bank representing the interests of employees are 
elected and recalled by the Workers' Council of the Bank. All Supervisory Board members must be 
independent experts.

--- Page 166 ---
- 165 - 
 
 
The table below sets out the members of the Supervisory Board of NLB as of the date of this Prospectus. 
Name, surname and position 
Immediate responsibility 
Principal 
activities 
performed 
outside NLB 
• 
Members of the Supervisory Board, representatives of capital 
Primož Karpe, Chairman 
Term of office: 2016-2020, 
renewed term 2020-2024 
• 
Nomination Committee 
(Chairman) 
• 
Audit Committee (Member) 
• 
Operations and IT 
Committee (Member) 
• 
Angler d.o.o. – Director 
• 
Aroma Global 3 Ltd. – 
Chairman of the Supervisory 
Board 
 
David Eric Simon, Member 
Term of office: 2016-2020, 
renewed term 2020-2024 
• 
Audit Committee 
(Chairman) 
• 
Risk Committee (Member) 
• 
Jihlavan a.s. - Chairman of 
the Supervisory Board 
• 
Jihlavan Real Estate a.s. - 
Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board 
• 
Czech Aerospace industries 
sro - legal representative 
Shrenik Dhirajlal Davda, 
Deputy Chair 
Term of office: 2019-2023, 
renewed term 2023-2027 
• 
Remuneration Committee 
(Chairman) 
• 
Audit Committee (Member) 
• 
Risk Committee (Member) 
• 
IPSO, UK - Lay Member of 
the Board 
• 
Charity 
Commission 
of 
England and Wales – Board 
Member 
• 
New 
Europe 
Capital 
Partners Ltd. London, UK – 
Managing Director 
Mark William Lane Richards, 
Member 
Term of office: 2019-2023, 
renewed term 2023-2027 
• 
Remuneration Committee 
(Deputy Chairman) 
• 
Nomination Committee 
(Deputy Chairman) 
• 
Operations and IT 
Committee (Chairman) 
• 
Vencap International pic 
Ukraine (UK) – Chairman  
• 
Berry Palmer & Lyle Ltd. 
(BPL Global) (Lloyds of 
London insurance Broker) - 
Non-Executive Director 
• 
Sheffield Haworth Ltd - 
Non-Executive Director 
André-Marc Richard Prudent-
Toccanier, Member 
Term of office: 2023-2027 
• 
Risk Committee (Chairman) 
• 
Audit Committee (Member) 
• 
Operations 
and 
IT 
Committee (Member) 
• 
none 
Cvetka Selšek, Member 
Term of office: 2023-2027 
• 
Risk Committee (Deputy 
Chairman) 
• 
Audit Committee (Deputy 
Chairman) 
• 
Managers Association of 
Slovenia – Member of the 
Honorable Tribunal

--- Page 167 ---
- 166 - 
 
 
Name, surname and position 
Immediate responsibility 
Principal 
activities 
performed 
outside NLB 
Verica Trstenjak, Member  
Term of office: 2020-2024 
• 
Nomination Committee 
(Member) 
• 
Remuneration Committee 
(Member) 
• 
none 
Islam Osama Zekry, Member  
Term of office: 2021-2025 
• 
Nomination Committee 
(Member) 
• 
Risk Committee (Member) 
• 
Operations and IT 
Committee (Deputy 
Chairman) 
• 
CIB Housing association, 
Egypt – President of the 
Supervisory Board 
• 
Commercial International 
Bank – Chief Director 
(member of the 
Management Board) 
• 
Egyptian AI Council 
(Ministry of 
Communication and 
Information Technology) – 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board 
• 
Members of the Supervisory Board, representatives of employees 
Sergeja Kočar, Member  
Term of office: 2020-2024 
• 
Remuneration Committee 
(Member) 
• 
Nomination Committee 
(Member) 
• 
none 
Tadeja Žbontar Rems, 
Member 
Term of office: 2021-2025 
• 
Operations and IT 
Committee (Member) 
• 
Remuneration Committee 
(Member) 
• 
none 
In their capacity as members of the Supervisory Board, the members of the Supervisory Board are all 
domiciled at the Issuer's registered office, being at Trg Republike 2, 1000 Ljubljana, Republic of Slovenia. 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
The Issuer is not aware of any actual or potential material conflicts of interest with respect to the duties 
owed to it by the members of its Management Board or Supervisory Board and their private interests or 
other duties or activities performed by the members of the Management Board or the Supervisory Board 
outside the Issuer.

--- Page 168 ---
- 167 - 
 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
The following diagram presents an overview of the organisational structure of the NLB Group as at 
31 March 2024: 
NLB Skladi, 
Ljubljana
Nova Ljubljanska banka d.d., Ljubljana
CORE
NON-CORE
Banks
Companies
Companies
Financial Institutions
Financial Institutions
Slovenia
Slovenia
Slovenia
Slovenia
PRO-REM, Ljubljana 
-v likvidaciji (vi)
Bankart, Ljubljana (ii)
NLB Leasing, Ljubljana 
-v likvidaciji (iii)
ARG-Nepremičnine, 
Horjul
NLB Cultural Heritage 
Management Institute
NLB Lease&Go, 
leasing, Ljubljana
Prvi faktor, v 
likvidaciji, Ljubljana
PRIVATINVEST, 
Ljubljana
S-REAM, Ljubljana
Foreign countries
Foreign countries
Foreign countries
Foreign countries
Foreign countries
NLB InterFinanz in 
Liquidation, Zürich
NLB Lease & 
Go Skopje (iv)
NLB Banka, 
Sarajevo
NLB DigIT, Beograd
NLB InterFinanz, 
Beograd - u likvidaciji
NLB Lease & Go 
Leasing Beograd (v)
NLB Banka, 
Podgorica
REAM, Beograd
LHB AG, Frankfurt 
am Main
NLB Srbija, Beograd
NLB Banka, 
Prishtina
NLB Banka, 
Banja Luka
NLB Banka, Skopje
REAM, Podgorica
OL Nekretnine u 
likvidaciji, Zagreb
NLB Komercijalna
Banka, Beograd
KomBank Invest, 
Beograd
NLB Crna Gora, 
Podgorica
Prvi faktor u 
likvidaciji, Zagreb (i.a)
Prvi faktor-faktoring, 
Beograd - u likvidaciji (i.b)
100%
100%
100%
100%
46.03%
46.03%
100%
100%
100%
100%
50%
50%
75%
75%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
97.35%
97.35%
51%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
99.87%
99.87%
50.73%
99.64%
100%
100%
100%
100%
82.38%
82.38%
100%
100%
100%
100%
99.85%
99.85%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
100%
86.97%
86.97%
90%
95%
Legend
The chart shows voting rights shares. The Group includes entities according to the definition in the Financial Conglomerates Act (Article 2).
Subsidiary
% direct
share
% indirect share at 
the group level
Associate
% direct
share
% indirect share at 
the group level
Joint venture
% direct
share
% indirect share at 
the group level
(i.a) 100% direct ownership Prvi Faktor, v likvidaciji, Ljubljana
(i.b) 90% direct ownership Prvi Faktor, v likvidaciji, Ljubljana, 5% NLB, 5% SID banka d.d.
(ii)- 46.03% direct ownership NLB d.d.
- Abanka merged into Nova KBM, which currently has a 29.22% share in Bankart. 
This is over the 25% threshhold set in the Founding agreement - no shareholder other than NLB can have more than 25% capital share 
in Bankart.
(iii) 100% direct ownership NLB Lease&Go d.o.o., leasing, Ljubljana
(iv) 51% direct ownership NLB Lease&Go, leasing, d.o.o. Ljubljana, 49% NLB Banka AD Skopje
(v) 50.73% direct ownership NLB Lease&Go, leasing, d.o.o. Ljubljana, 48.91% NLB Komercijalna banka Beograd
(vi) 100% direct ownership S-REAM d.o.o. Ljubljana

--- Page 169 ---
- 168 - 
 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OF NLB GROUP 
As the parent bank, the Bank implements the corporate governance of the NLB Group members in 
compliance with EU and Slovenian legislation, local legislation and regulatory requirements applicable to 
respective NLB Group members, while also considering internal rules and other applicable regulations. 
The roles, authorisations, and responsibilities of individual bodies and organisational units, as well as how 
to coordinate their operations to achieve business goals are stipulated comprehensively in the NLB Group 
Governance Policy, updated in December 2023. 
The NLB Group's corporate governance is implemented: 
• 
in accordance with fundamental corporate rules through various bodies of the NLB Group 
members: 
• 
by voting at general meetings of the NLB Group members; 
• 
by exercising supervision through the supervisory bodies of the NLB Group members; 
• 
with proposals for appointing the management of the NLB Group members; 
• 
with proposals for appointing representatives of the Bank to the supervisory bodies of the 
NLB Group members; and 
• 
through participation of the Bank's representatives in various committees and 
commissions of the NLB Group members. 
• 
through mechanisms that ensure efficient business monitoring and governance, such as: 
• 
harmonisation of operations in accordance with the competence line principle; 
• 
NLB Group Management Board Meetings, NLB Group Leadership meetings, NLB Group 
ALCO meetings and similar; 
• 
development activities carried out via cross-functional working groups, group projects, 
competence centres and centres of excellence; and 
• 
through additional supervision of NLB Group members carried out by control functions 
(risk management, audit, compliance, anti-money laundering, information and physical 
security) and external supervising authorities (ECB, local regulators and external auditors). 
In recent years the corporate governance of the NLB Group has been significantly upgraded and the role of 
the members of the Management Board of the Bank in management of the NLB Group members 
strengthened. Two new senior group functions have been established: country manager and stream 
coordinator. The target composition of supervisory bodies in the NLB Group members has been established, 
the functioning of the supervisory bodies optimised, and the reporting and standards related to the 
harmonisation of operations simplified. 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
KMPG Slovenija, d.o.o. ("KPMG"), Železna cesta 8A, 1000 Ljubljana, Republic of Slovenia were 
appointed as NLB's auditor for the financial year 2023 to 2026 by the general meeting of the shareholders 
of the Issuer. KPMG is a registered audit firm at the Slovenian Institute of Auditors (Slovenski inštitut za 
revizijo – "ANR") and audited the Issuer's consolidated and separate financial statements as at and for the 
years ended on 31 December 2023, incorporated by reference herein.  
Ernst & Young d.o.o. ("Ernst & Young"), Dunajska cesta 111, 1000 Ljubljana, Republic of Slovenia. Ernst 
& Young is a registered audit firm at ANR and, audited the Issuer's consolidated and separate financial 
statements as at and for the years ended on 31 December 2022. Ernst & Young has been NLB's independent 
auditor for the financial year 2013 to 2022.  
The replacement of the independent auditors has been made in line with regulatory requirements.

--- Page 170 ---
- 169 - 
 
INTERNAL AUDIT 
Internal Audit is an independent, objective, and advisory control body responsible for a systematic and 
professional assessment of the effectiveness of risk management procedures, completeness and 
functionality of internal control systems, and management of the NLB Group operations on an ongoing 
basis. Internal Audit provides impartial assurance to the Management Board and Supervisory Board on the 
management of risks in key areas, i.e., the internal governance of risk data collection and risk reporting, the 
ICAAP process, cyber security transformation processes, digital banking platform, the SRB, ESG, anti-
money laundry, outsourcing process, card fraud management, remuneration, lending processes, large 
exposure, RWA for credit and operational risk, cash management in branches, and others. Internal Audit 
also performs "group audits" in which internal auditors of the NLB Group members participate in order to 
provide assurance at the NLB Group level, as well as to provide additional expertise and assistance. 
Furthermore, a review of the quality of the internal audit service performance was carried out over a two-
year cycle on all banking members of the NLB Group. 
Internal Audit reviews key risks in the NLB Group's operations, advises management at all levels and 
deepens understanding of the Bank's operations. NLB, through its Internal Audit, seeks to adequately 
monitor key risks which might jeopardise the achievement of its strategy and goals, related control systems 
and governance processes and consequently helps to strengthen and protect the value of the NLB Group. 
Internal Audit directly reports on its activities primarily to the Supervisory Board and to the latter's Audit 
Committee and secondarily to the Management Board. By providing assurances and advice, and with a 
deep understanding of operations, Internal Audit helps to strengthen and protect the value of the NLB 
Group. The best practice examples and international guidelines established by the Committee of Sponsoring 
Organisations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) and Control Objectives for Information Technologies 
(COBIT) constitute the criteria used by Internal Audit to cover all control objectives and risk management. 
Internal Audit and all other internal audit departments in the NLB Group work in accordance with 
International Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing, the Banking Act or other relevant 
laws which regulate the operations of an NLB Group member, the Code of Ethics of an Internal Auditor, 
and the Code of Internal Auditing Principles. It regularly reports on its activities to the Supervisory Board, 
Audit Committee and Management Board. 
Internal Audit performs its tasks and responsibilities at its own discretion and in compliance with the annual 
audit plan as approved by the Management Board and confirmed by the Supervisory Board. Internal Audit 
also introduces uniform rules of operation of internal audit function and regularly monitors the compliance 
with these rules within the NLB Group. 
HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGEMENT 
Human resources ("HR") drives improvements and innovative practices to enable the best possible 
employee engagement and strong business results. Investment in employees is as a key change enabler. 
Acting as a strategic partner to the business, HR has been focusing on organisational and cultural 
development and also on becoming the employer of choice for employees and external candidates. In the 
last year all employees were involved in targeted development, with a focus on management and sales 
profiles, lean processes, digital literacy, data management, generative AI and implementing practices to 
enhance employee efficiency and engagement. The NLB Group believes that investment in its employees 
is crucial for the successful introduction of business changes. 
In the past few years, NLB Group has made substantial progress improving its HR management function 
by performance management, promotion schemes, remuneration schemes, alterations to organisational 
culture and target development for key employee groups. Changing organisational culture remained the top 
HR priority and innovative practices are constantly being implemented. 
In recent years, NLB Group undertook efforts to gradually optimise and right-size its staffing level in line 
with the current organisational structure. Between 2015 and 2020, the NLB Group reduced the number of 
employees by 13.5 per cent. to 5,807. However, due to the acquisition of Komercijalna Banka, Beograd 
and its subsidiaries in December 2020, the number of staff as at 31 December 2020 rose to 8,792 but has 
downsized throughout the year to reach 8,185 as at 31 December 2021. Following the takeover of N Banka 
(formerly Sberbank Slovenia) in March 2022, the number of employees rose to 8,475, but reduced to 7,982 
by the end of 2023. With this comprehensive HR strategy, NLB Group's business needs are profoundly

--- Page 171 ---
- 170 - 
 
analysed and workforce planning schemes formed. Accordingly, talent career activities are carried out 
throughout the NLB Group, aiming to support future business needs. 
The following table shows the number of employees in the NLB Group and NLB as at 31 December 2023 
and 31 December 2022. 
 
NLB Group 
NLB 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
 
 
Employees ................................................................... 
7,982 
8,228 
2,554(i) 
2,418 
Total ........................................................................... 
7,982 
8,228 
2,554 
2,418 
(i) Increase due to merger with N Banka. 
 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
The NLB Group continues to provide its clients with sustainable and efficient services supported through 
highly reliable and secure technology platforms. The Bank is pursuing a technology transformation 
programme. In line with the refreshed IT strategy introduced in 2020, the IT team began delivering on 
outlined roadmaps and started the programme of consolidating core banking systems. The NLB Group is 
aiming to centralise and unify governance, applications, and infrastructure. The Bank also continued to 
rollout an effective online collaboration solution throughout the NLB Group and enabled a majority of 
employees to work from home without interruption to operations. Due to the general cyber security risks 
increase, special focus, extra resources, and investments were made to raise the overall level of cyber 
security resilience. 
IT infrastructure and reliability 
IT performance is monitored through a set of relevant indicators that are linked to the Balanced Scorecard 
(BSC) system. The indicators show a high performance of IT operations and successful risk management 
in this area. The availability of the information system in the Bank is at very high level of 99.95 per cent. 
in 2023 (99.96 per cent. in 2022) and the share of unplanned interruptions is very low, 0.05 per cent. in 
2023 (0.04 per cent. in 2022). In 2023, the number of days without system/service interruptions was at 
79 per cent. (in 2022: 81.1 per cent.). Harmonised Service Level Agreements (SLA) are in place with users 
of the information system, which the Bank managed to fulfil in a very high proportion. High IT operational 
performance was also recorded in the NLB Group members (between 99.87 per cent. and 99.99 per cent.). 
Main IT initiatives 
The main focus of the IT transformation was placed on organisation, group perspective, processes, people 
and technology. IT supported a more agile way of delivery, to better partner with the business and be more 
efficient and effective. It also hired new experts in strategic positions. Specifically, an NLB Group IT 
domain concept was introduced, which promotes shared teams and IT solutions across the NLB Group. The 
NLB Group's competence centre in Serbia was transferred from the Bank to the separated IT service 
company called 'NLB DigIt.' In the last two years, the team has grown from 15 to 95 employees. After the 
N Banka acquisition, the IT team focused also on onboarding N Banka IT to the NLB Group and integration 
activities. 
IT followed the core banking system strategy and successfully started the consolidation of core banking 
systems. First steps of core consolidation were done within N Banka integration activities. After finishing 
the N Banka integration the further programme course was adjusted accordingly. 
Enterprise and application architecture is focused on two key areas. The first is the focus on the NLB Group 
solution, and the majority of new solution selections are performed as an NLB Group standard with related 
NLB Group roadmaps. New NLB Group solutions were selected in the areas of a digital web portal and 
Customer Relationship Management. The second is the setup of a standardised enterprise architecture 
management system for which a market standard tool was procured to enable simpler application portfolio 
management, managing of risk related to software obsolescence, and IT risk and support in defining 
transformation paths.

--- Page 172 ---
- 171 - 
 
The Bank achieved several new milestones in the implementation of an NLB Group-wide data management 
platform which encompasses an enterprise data warehouse, advanced analytics, risk management analytics, 
profitability, data governance and consolidated NLB Group regulatory reporting.  
In the coming years, the Bank is expected to continue to invest in newly adopted technologies to support 
the business strategy, especially in the areas of digital, data, and customer relationship management (CRM), 
consolidating the NLB Group's infrastructure, simplifying and consolidating core systems and to achieving 
superior client experience in terms of quality, innovation, reliability, and security. 
Cyber security 
The NLB Group places a special focus on cyber security, and consequently assuring confidentiality, 
integrity, and the availability of data, information, and IT systems that support banking services and 
products for customers. Cyber security in the NLB Group is constantly tested and upgraded by security 
assessments, independent reviews and penetration testing. Cyber security is regularly discussed at the 
Bank's NLB Group Information Security Steering Committee, Operational Risk Committee and 
Management Board meetings. During 2023, the NLB Group increased its cyber security capabilities 
regarding human resources by hiring specialists across different domains. Currently there are 35 full-time 
equivalents ("FTEs") hired in IT security, as first line of defence and 21 FTEs in CISO corner, working as 
second line of defence. Additionally, improvements were made in vulnerability management, with all NLB 
Group members now utilising a unified solution and configuration. The team can conduct on-demand scans 
and stay abreast of global trends and most recently published vulnerabilities, which provides a more 
proactive approach to the whole vulnerability remediation process in the NLB Group. 
Several different new cyber security solutions were introduced within the NLB Group, and the 
implementation process was initiated in all banks, which lead to a EUR 1.9 million CAPEX and EUR 2.0 
million OPEX annual spent on the NLB Group level. The goal is to have NLB Group unified cyber security 
solutions in place, guaranteeing equal levels of protection throughout all NLB Group members.  
All employees in the NLB Group are continuously educated about the importance of information/cyber 
security, as well as social engineering techniques. The NLB Group banks provide employees and customers 
with security notifications, especially for threats in the (global) environment with potential impact on the 
banks' IT systems, services, products, and clients. The Bank also tests the awareness of its employees with 
social engineering attack simulations. Threat intelligence data is shared by the NLB Group team with all 
NLB Group members, providing information on the latest threats and recommendations on mitigation 
measures. In conjunction with routine phishing simulations, the NLB Group cyber security team has 
deployed its proprietary phishing platform and effectively executed simulated internal employee phishing 
tests across all NLB Group members. 
COMPLIANCE 
NLB's compliance and integrity programme is managed by the Compliance and Integrity organisational 
unit in NLB ("Compliance and Integrity"), through a four-pillar structure: (i) regulatory compliance and 
prevention; (ii) internal investigations and physical and technical security; (iii) AML and Counter-terrorism 
Financing (CTF) protocols and (iv) information security. 
The Compliance and Integrity addresses, the following risk areas: 
• 
fraud prevention and investigation; 
• 
AML and CTF including financial sanctions; 
• 
privacy data protection and information security; 
• 
regulatory compliance; 
• 
corruption prevention; 
• 
conflict of interests, gifts and hospitality management; 
• 
assuring fit and proper members of the management bodies and key function holders (through 
participation in fit and proper assessment procedures), with the stress on "proper" component;

--- Page 173 ---
- 172 - 
 
• 
identification, enterprise wide assessment and management of compliance and integrity risks at the 
NLB and NLB Group level; 
• 
oversight, monitoring, steering and managing the compliance function in the NLB Group and the 
NLB Group compliance programme (established by standards for compliance and integrity for the 
NLB Group and implementation of monitoring by off-site data analysis and on-site visits); 
• 
business ethics and corporate integrity; and 
• 
physical / technical security. 
Compliance and Integrity performs the compliance function in NLB with respect to the activities for 
identification and monitoring of compliance risks, regular compliance monitoring and independent internal 
investigations in cases of suspected compliance or ethics breaches. In close cooperation with different 
organisational units, Compliance and Integrity also helps in assessing and managing compliance risks in 
different areas of operations in NLB. Compliance and Integrity reports quarterly to the Supervisory Board 
and the Management Board. It also reports on individual compliance issues at the request of the Supervisory 
Board or the Management Board or when such reports may be otherwise needed. It also advises the 
Management Board and NLB senior management with regard to compliance, including the development of 
regulations and standards applicable to NLB. It also responds to queries from other employees regarding 
compliance and ethics. 
The main activities of Compliance and Integrity are: 
• 
conducting compliance checks at various areas covered by Compliance and Integrity (compliance 
reviews), identifying shortcomings in this regard, suggesting mitigation measures to be undertaken 
and monitoring of improvement; 
• 
managing the system/channels for reporting suspected harmful behaviour and conducting internal 
investigations of reported and detected cases; 
• 
providing advisory services on compliance-related issues and regular analysis of compliance trends 
or observed problems and weaknesses in NLB; 
• 
identifying and assessing compliance and integrity risks in the process of (new) product and service 
developments, projects and other material changes in the NLB Group's business; 
• 
providing compliance communication, training, workshops and targeted surveys for all NLB 
employees, together with its Board members; 
• 
overseeing the regulatory compliance management system (monitoring, reporting and adopting 
changes required in NLB's legal environment); 
• 
managing and monitoring all communication with regulators and monitoring the implementation 
status of regulators' recommendations and measures; and 
• 
ensuring implementation of harmonised policies and procedures for compliance and integrity 
throughout the NLB Group, following the principle of proportionality and a risk-minimisation 
based approach. 
The Bank complies with national regulations on AML and CTF, including the Guidelines of the BSI. The 
Republic of Slovenia is a member of the EU, and thus is subject to the standards of the FATF and the 
European legislation based on them. For the NLB Group, it is important to effectively mitigate the risk of 
money laundering and terrorism financing. As such, the rules, procedures and technology in the area of 
AML and CTF are the subject of strict and unified policies and standards. The same approach is applied 
for sanctions and embargo screening. The NLB Group's AML team upgraded and introduced further 
enhancements of NLB Group AML governance in line with directions set by the BSI. The headquarters 
exercises constant onsite and off-site monitoring of the implementation and oversite of standards 
throughout the NLB Group.

--- Page 174 ---
- 173 - 
 
The Bank monitors AML and CTF indicators and, whenever necessary, transactions are reported to the 
relevant competent national authority pursuant to AML and CTF legislation. Furthermore, business 
relationships are terminated where certain criteria is met in relation to AML and CTF legislation. The Bank 
has adopted additional measures to prevent the onboarding of clients with new types of AML and CTF 
indicators. The bank's employees in AML functions continuously attend the internationally recognised 
education and training. Moreover, all NLB Group employees regularly annually conduct AML/CTF and 
financial sanctions training. In September 2023, the bank merged with N Banka. Since March 2022 when 
the bank acquired N Bank operations, N Bank undertook significant activities for compliance with NLB 
Group AML/CTF standards.  
NLB Komercijalna Banka, Beograd, NLB Banka, Podgorica, NLB, Ljubljana, NLB Bank, Prishtina are 
currently undergoing, or have recently undergone, an ordinary course supervisory review by the Central 
Bank of Serbia, Central Bank of Montenegro and Slovenian Central Bank and Securities Markets Agency 
and Central Bank of Kosovo, respectively, in each case in relation to the areas of AML, CTF and financial 
sanctions. Currently NLB Group banking members have no overdue regulatory findings and 
recommendations in the area of AML, CTF and financial sanctions.  
An internal periodical survey on ethics and compliance was conducted in 2023 to understand the pulse and 
perception of these topics among employees. In combination with the assessment of compliance risks (so-
called Enterprise Compliance Risk Assessment), the management team of the Bank and Compliance and 
Integrity teams in particular can plan its activities, all with the aim to reduce or mitigate the compliance 
and integrity risks. As part of the compliance programme, Compliance and Integrity is also involved, inter 
alia, in risk assessments regarding new and changed products, fit and proper assessments for key function 
holders, outsourcing and other changes materially affecting the Bank's business.  
As a standard Compliance function, several workshops and compulsory e-education on ethics, the 
prevention of corruption, conflicts of interest, protection of personal data, AML and CTF, Information 
Security, Physical/Technical Security and other relevant topics related to everyday work were prepared. 
For all employees, annual e-trainings are mandatory on subjects such as prevention of insider trading and 
market manipulation, ethics, anti-corruption, mitigation of conflict of interests, personal data protection, 
information security and similar themes. The NLB Group seeks to promote a corporate culture that 
facilitates compliance and by continuously raising awareness of, for example, through communication via 
its monthly compliance newsletter, detailing not only important regulatory changes but also current 
information and case studies on different compliance and ethics topics. 
Additional measures due to listing of shares and GDRs on the Ljubljana and London Stock Exchanges 
Certain additional requirements apply as a result of the fact that the Bank's shares are listed on the Prime 
Market of the Ljubljana Stock Exchange, such as financial reporting requirements in accordance with IFRS, 
the publication of information in English, the publication of quarterly statements, the publication of a 
statement of compliance with the Slovenian Corporate Governance Code for Public Companies and the 
publication of a financial calendar. The fact that the GDRs are admitted to listing on the Official List of the 
FCA and to trading on the Main Market for listed securities of the London Stock Exchange gives rise to the 
application of provisions of the FCA's Listing Rules and Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules 
relating to methods of publication of regulated information which apply to issuers of securities listed in the 
UK regardless of their home EEA Member State. 
Related to the rules on transparency, the requirements in relation to the disclosure of periodic and ongoing 
information regarding issuers whose securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or 
operating within the EU (i.e. Public Companies) are set out in Directive 2004/109/EC (as amended, 
the "Transparency Directive") and the national legislation implementing the Transparency Directive. The 
Bank is required to observe primarily provisions of Slovenian law relating to the disclosure of periodic and 
ongoing information by the Bank, as well as those transparency rules in the UK that apply to the GDRs that 
are listed on the London Stock Exchange. 
Information security and personal data protection 
The information security area, inter alia, focused on the implementation of measures for increasing the 
level of information/cyber security, as well testing the resilience of systems and people took place 
(penetration-tests, 
phishing 
tests). 
Furthermore, 
in 
line 
with 
the 
plan, 
several 
internal 
assessments/compliance checks were made in 2023 on the basis of the ISO/IEC 27001 standard, including

--- Page 175 ---
- 174 - 
 
assessment of information security at external providers (e.g., data processors and external software 
providers). Special obligatory e-training for all employees in the area of information security was prepared 
and was followed by testing of awareness related to social engineering; all as part of prevention measures 
in this area. 
The Bank runs its operations in line with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation -
"GDPR") requirements, including the retention and processing of personal data, dedicated Data Privacy 
Officer, education, and training of employees. The new Slovenian Personal Data Protection Act (Zakon o 
varstvu osebnih podatkov – ZVOP-2) was adopted in 2022 and implemented in the Bank's operations.  
Fraud prevention and investigation 
The NLB Group has implemented a unified system for preventing and investigating suspected misconduct. 
This framework enables anyone, both internal and external stakeholders, to report potential misconduct 
through several different communication channels, ensuring anonymity if desired. Protection of the 
informant is comprehensively taken care of. The Bank uses various measures to ensure complete and total 
protection of the informant from any potential retaliation they could endure due to well-intended reporting 
of a suspicion of harmful conduct and adheres to commitments outlined in the Reporting Persons Protection 
Act (Zakon o zaščiti prijaviteljev – ZZPri). A specialised team centrally handles all reports received, 
following the established internal procedures. Throughout the investigation the team actively provides 
suggestions on how to improve the process.  
Furthermore, the Bank has implemented effective and appropriate reporting mechanisms for management 
bodies. Emphasis is placed on raising employee awareness and targeted training sessions for various 
employee segments, all employees, and specific target groups based on the identified risks. 
In the past year, the Bank has made significant strides in safeguarding its brand's integrity. It has 
implemented a robust brand protection tool, a testament to its commitment to preserving the trust and 
confidence that customers place in the Bank. The Bank has also implemented a range of additional controls 
in web & mobile e-banking channels. 
The Bank is committed to ensuring the security of its customers and employees, and as such, has 
strengthened its approaches to managing risks related to cyber security and preventing unauthorized 
payment transactions. The Bank actively participates in the initiatives of the Slovenian Bank Association 
(Združenje bank Slovenije – GIZ (ZBS)) and plays a pivotal role in educating the public about cyber and 
payment fraud prevention.  
The Bank devotes significant attention to employee training, informing about identified patterns of various 
types of fraud, and providing recommendations for process improvement. Emphasis is placed on raising 
employee awareness and targeted training sessions for various employee segments, all employees, and 
specific target groups based on identified risks. 
Fraud prevention in loan origination processes is intricately linked to operational risk and requires a 
comprehensive approach. The Bank has implemented rigorous verification processes for new loan 
applications, including identity verification checks, thorough credit history analysis, and cross-referencing 
of information from multiple sources to identify any inconsistencies or fraudulent indicators. 
The Bank's involvement in these activities underscores its dedication to fostering a secure and transparent 
business environment. The Bank remains steadfast in its mission to uphold the highest standards of business 
ethics, ensuring that its customers can engage with its brand with absolute confidence. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
There are no material contracts that have not been entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer's business, 
which could result in any group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the 
Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to noteholders in respect of the notes being issued.

--- Page 176 ---
- 175 - 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
On 24 January 2024, NLB issued Tier 2 notes in the amount of EUR 300 million and 10NC5 tenor 
(ISIN: XS2750306511). In parallel NLB conducted a liability management exercise ("LME") where it 
repurchased EUR 219.6 million of its two outstanding Tier 2 notes with approaching call dates 
(ISIN: XS2080776607 and XS2113139195). The LME was concluded on 26 January 2024. 
On 21 March 2024, the shareholding of Schroders in the Bank changed from 5.12% to 4.98%. 
On 2 April 2024, the Bank announced to redeem NLB subordinated notes in the aggregate nominal amount 
of EUR 45,000,000, issued on 6 May 2019 and with maturity on 6 May 2029 (ISIN: SI0022103855). 
The early redemption was executed on 6 May 2024. 
On 17 April 2024, the Bank announced that it received permission of the SRB for early redemption of its 
notes in the aggregate nominal amount of EUR 300,000,000, issued on 19 July 2022 and with maturity on 
19 July 2025 (ISIN: XS2498964209), provided that early redemption is made one year or less before 
maturity. 
On 15 May 2024, NLB announced its intention to launch an all-cash voluntary public takeover offer 
("Voluntary Tender Offer") aimed to acquire control over Addiko Bank AG ("Addiko"), a bank 
headquartered in Vienna, Austria, with shares listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange (Wiener Börse). Addiko 
(together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "Addiko Group") is a specialist banking group focusing 
on providing banking products and services to consumers and SMEs with six subsidiary banks, registered, 
licensed and operating in five countries: Croatia, Slovenia, Bosnia-Herzegovina (where it operates via two 
banks), Serbia and Montenegro. Through its six subsidiary banks, the Addiko Group services approximately 
0.9 million customers using a network of around 155 branches and modern digital banking channels.  
An offer memorandum with all necessary enclosures was filed with the Austrian Takeover Commission 
(Übernahmekommission) on 16 May 2024 and NLB plans to publish the offer memorandum in due time. 
Details on the contents and scope of the Voluntary Tender Offer will be set out in the offer memorandum 
on its publication. 
An acquisition of Addiko Group would be consistent with NLB's strategy and would be expected to have 
financial and strategic benefits for the NLB Group. In particular, the acquisition of Addiko Group would 
accelerate NLB's ambitions in the consumer and SME segments, as well as digital capabilities given Addiko 
Group's digital delivery model. In addition, Addiko would strengthen NLB's market position in four 
existing countries of presence, as well as providing an indirect presence in the Croatian banking sector. 
There can be no assurance that an offer memorandum will be approved by the Austrian Takeover 
Commission (Übernahmekommission) and that the Voluntary Tender Offer will complete. The completion 
of the Voluntary Tender Offer will be subject to obtaining a qualified majority in Addiko, clearances from 
the relevant banking and merger control authorities as well as further customary market closing conditions. 
The anticipated benefits from the acquisition are based on a number of assumptions that are inherently 
uncertain and subject to risks. These include, but are not limited to, the acquisition not being completed; 
regulatory or competition authorities may impose conditions or constraints on the acquisition; challenges 
in implementation that could give rise to complications or errors, resulting in increased costs and loss of 
revenue; and management time devoted to the integration may distract from the day-to-day management of 
the NLB Group. 
LEGAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDINGS 
General 
As at 31 December 2023, NLB was involved in 21 legal disputes with monetary claims against NLB 
exceeding EUR 1 million per case (excluding accrued interest). The total amount of these claims, excluding 
accrued interest, was EUR 236.7 million. As at 31 December 2023, the NLB Group was involved in 41 
legal disputes with monetary claims against NLB Group members exceeding EUR 1 million per case, 
excluding accrued interest, in the aggregate principal amount of EUR 463.1 million. NLB has established 
provisions in its financial statements for some of these proceedings in which it is involved based on an 
assessment of the possible outcome of the proceedings in the amount of EUR 4.5 million. At the NLB 
Group level provisions with respect to claims exceeding EUR 1 million per case amount to 
EUR 7.2 million, as at 31 December 2023.

--- Page 177 ---
- 176 - 
 
Claims relating to liabilities in respect of transferred deposits 
NLB is currently involved in proceedings whereby the plaintiffs claim that NLB is responsible for the 
liabilities relating to the foreign currency deposits held with Ljubljanska banka, Zagreb Branch. Ljubljanska 
banka, Zagreb Branch is the Croatian branch of Ljubljanska banka, which in turn is an entity from which 
NLB received certain assets and liabilities when NLB was established in 1994 (as discussed below). 
Two Croatian banks, Privredna banka Zagreb and Zagrebačka banka, filed claims against Ljubljanska 
banka and NLB, as the alleged co-debtor, in the Croatian courts in relation to transferred deposits. The 
proceedings were filed during the period from 1994 to 1996. The aggregate principal amount of the claims 
against NLB is, as at 31 December 2023, equivalent to approximately EUR 174.4 million (calculated at the 
exchange rates applicable on 31 December 2023), excluding any default interest. Due to the fact that the 
proceedings have been pending for a significant period of time, the default interest exceeds the principal 
amount of the transferred deposits. 
NLB denies all liability in respect of the transferred deposits for a number of reasons, including, amongst 
others, that NLB has never assumed the obligations of Ljubljanska banka, Zagreb Branch under the 
transferred deposits, that the proceedings in the courts of Croatia are in violation of an agreement on 
succession between the successor states of the SFRY made in Vienna on 29 June 2001 and that it also 
violates a memorandum of understanding between the governments of Slovenia and Croatia concluded in 
March 2013 (the "Memorandum of Understanding"), pursuant to which the Republic of Croatia assumed 
an obligation to ensure the stay of all the proceedings commenced by the Privredna banka Zagreb and 
Zagrebačka banka in relation to the transferred deposit until the issue was finally resolved between the two 
countries. 
Despite the Memorandum of Understanding, the courts of Croatia ruled with final decisions in six claims 
in favour of the plaintiff. In five of those cases, NLB filed a constitutional suit with the Constitutional Court 
of the Republic of Croatia and in one an extraordinary legal measures with the Supreme Court of the 
Republic of Croatia. In four cases, the Constitutional Court of the Republic of Croatia rejected the 
constitutional suit of NLB. In one case a claim against NLB, filed by the PBZ, was rejected, including a 
dismissal by the Supreme Court of the Republic of Croatia. 
In the other eight cases, with respect to which court procedures described above are pending, final court 
decisions have not yet been issued. 
NLB Shareholders' Meetings have provided the Management Board of NLB with instructions how to act 
in the event of existing or potential new final decisions by Croatian courts against Ljubljanska banka, 
Zagreb Branch and NLB regarding the transferred foreign currency deposits, and especially not to 
voluntarily settle the adjudicated amounts, and also gave some additional instructions on the usage of legal 
remedies and regarding the management of the property from that perspective. 
On 19 July 2018, the National Assembly passed the Act on the Protection of the Value of Capital 
Investment of the Republic of Slovenia in NLB (Zakon za zaščito vrednosti kapitalske naložbe Republike 
Slovenije v Novi Ljubljanski banki d.d., Ljubljana – the "ZVKNNLB"), which entered into force on 
14 August 2018. In accordance with the ZVKNNLB, the Fund shall compensate NLB for the sums 
recovered from NLB by enforcement of final judgments delivered by Croatian courts with regard to the 
transferred deposits (that is the principal amount, accrued interest, expenses of court, legal fees and other 
expenses of the plaintiff and expenses related to enforcement with the accrued interest). The Fund shall 
compensate NLB for the negative financial implications within 30 days after having received notice from 
NLB that the enforcement has taken place and after the relevant evidence has been presented. If the payment 
due exceeds the value of the Fund's special-purpose budget or if it could jeopardise the payment of the 
Fund's other liabilities and obligations payable from the Fund's special-purpose budget, the due date shall 
be extended by as long as deemed necessary for the Republic of Slovenia to provide an increase of the 
Fund's special-purpose budget, but by no more than 60 days. Should the Fund fail to settle its obligations 
in 30 days for the reasons stated in the immediately preceding sentence, the Republic of Slovenia as its 
founder shall be liable, in addition to the Fund being liable, for the obligations of the Fund and shall to this 
end increase the special-purpose budget of the Fund so that the Fund can settle its obligation to NLB in the 
extended time period. The Fund shall compensate NLB only for the amounts recovered from NLB by 
enforcement and shall not compensate NLB for its own costs or for the difference between the book value 
of its assets sold in enforcement proceedings and the price obtained for such assets in enforcement 
proceedings.

--- Page 178 ---
- 177 - 
 
The Fund is also not obliged to compensate NLB for any payments made by NLB voluntarily, provided 
that a payment made by NLB on the basis of a request or decision of a competent regulator is not considered 
voluntary. 
In accordance with the ZVKNNLB and pursuant to an agreement between NLB and the Fund relating to 
the implementation of the ZVKNNLB (the "Agreement with the Fund"), NLB has to contest the claims 
made against it in court proceedings in relation to the transferred deposits and use all reasonable legal 
remedies against court decisions that are disadvantageous for NLB, including those which were already 
enforced against it and take other lawful steps which may prevent or minimise the risk of enforcement of 
such court decisions. 
In accordance with the ZVKNNLB, NLB shall regularly consult the High Representative of the Republic 
of Slovenia for Succession Issues (Visoki predstavnik Republike Slovenije za nasledstvo) regarding the legal 
procedures and legal remedies and regarding the contesting of judicial decisions and shall, in particular, 
obtain his opinion before filing new legal remedies. Should NLB breach its obligation to inform and consult 
with the High Representative of the Republic of Slovenia for Succession or later takes actions that are 
different from the ones proposed to, and agreed by, the High Representative of the Republic of Slovenia 
for Succession Issues, for example by failing to file a legal remedy against a court decision, it shall be 
obliged to reimburse the Fund within 30 days from receipt of the Fund's request, for all the funds it has 
received in connection with the enforcement of such court decision, including the default interest accrued 
since the day NLB received the funds. 
In addition, if after the date of the Agreement with the Fund, NLB voluntarily makes a payment in 
satisfaction of a judicial decision by a court of the Republic of Croatia relating to the transferred deposits, 
NLB will be obliged to repay to the Fund all sums received from the Fund. 
In accordance with the ZVKNNLB and the Agreement with the Fund, NLB requested and received a 
reimbursement from the Fund of the enforced amount from the first negative final judgment from May 2015 
in the amount of EUR 3,461.31. 
NLB is considering all options available to protect its interests in the belief that, in accordance with the 
Constitutional Act and international agreements, the obligations in question are not the obligations of NLB. 
Provisions for any of these claims have not been recorded because NLB believes that there are no legal 
grounds for such claims. Additionally, on the basis of the ZVKNNLB, subject to compliance with certain 
obligations, NLB is expected to be compensated for the sums recovered from NLB by enforcement of final 
judgments delivered by Croatian courts, which should provide an effective risk transfer. However, an 
unfavourable outcome in any of these pending proceedings may have a negative financial impact on NLB 
(see "Risk Factors – A failure by NLB to comply with its obligations under ZVKNNLB and the related 
agreement with the Fund would deprive NLB of the protection granted to it by ZVKNNLB"). 
Proceedings relating to the BSI Decision 
In relation to the decision of the Slovenian government for the Republic of Slovenia to participate in the 
capital increases of NLB in 2011 and 2012, the EC initiated a procedure to determine the compatibility of 
this participation with the EU state aid rules. In accordance with recommendations of the European Council 
published in June 2013, NLB (along with the majority of other Slovenian banks) underwent the AQR and 
"bottom up" stress tests. In December 2013, the results of the AQR and stress test exercise revealed a capital 
shortfall for NLB of EUR 1,904 million. As a result, several measures were taken, aimed at ensuring the 
capital adequacy of NLB and the NLB Group, including, amongst other measures, termination of all of the 
Qualified Liabilities by way of the Bail-In pursuant to the BSI Decision (see "Risk factors – If NLB would 
be found liable for claims relating to the Bail-In, it may incur substantial financial burdens"). 
Although any claims against NLB in relation to the Bail-In are expressly excluded by law, certain Affected 
Investors nevertheless started lawsuits against NLB in which they are claiming compensation for the losses 
they incurred as a result of the Bail-In. 
The claims made by the plaintiffs are based on various allegations, including misrepresentations made by 
NLB in the context of the public offering of the subordinated notes, failure to disclose the conflict of interest 
and failure to contest the BSI Decision, amongst others. Some plaintiffs have not specified the grounds for 
their claims.

--- Page 179 ---
- 178 - 
 
As of 29 February 2024, 140 of these proceedings with claims amounting to nearly EUR 6.5 million are 
still pending while claims of 10 plaintiffs have been finally rejected by the courts and additional 6 plaintiffs 
have withdrawn their claims. Out of 10 final rejection cases, two of them have been accepted for review by 
the Slovenian Supreme Court and in both such cases the Supreme Court upheld the judgments by which 
the lower courts rejected the plaintiff's claims. As certain Affected Investors publicly announced claims 
exceeding such amount and since there is a possibility that NLB has not yet been notified of all the legal 
proceedings initiated against it, this amount may increase in the course of time and such additional claims 
may be material. Based on information obtained from the courts, NLB understands that the amount of these 
additional claims could exceed EUR 73 million. 
No provision for any of these claims have been recorded and any losses recorded as a result of such claims 
may have a material adverse effect on the NLB Group's business, prospects, financial condition, results of 
operations or cash flows. 
Collective consumer claims 
The consumer organisation Zavod Kolektiv 99 filed a collective claim against NLB and an identical claim 
was also filed against N Banka. NLB received a class action lawsuit on 21 July 2022 and N Banka on 
29 July 2022. NLB submitted its answer and is now waiting for the court to decide whether the preliminary 
conditions for the class action are fulfilled.  
The plaintiff's claims (Zavod Kolektiv 99) include, among other things, a demand that NLB ceases to use 
the lower interest rate in consumer loan contracts (uses the actual applicable interest rate without restrictions 
as negative EURIBOR) and compensates the borrowers for the losses incurred due to the application of an 
interest rate floor (the difference between the interest rate floor and the actual value of the interest rate). 
The claims against NLB and N Banka combined are estimated at EUR 47 million. 
If adjudicated adversely to NLB, each of these claims could potentially result in NLB's material financial 
liability but would not affect NLB's ability to comply with its other obligations. If, before or after 
commencement of the relevant court proceedings, NLB will determine that any part of the above claims 
has merit, it may also decide to settle the relevant liabilities voluntarily. 
Other material proceedings, actual or threatened 
The NLB Group members are involved in other legal proceedings involving substantial monetary claims. 
Some of these proceedings are briefly described below. Based on an assessment of the probable outcome 
of these proceedings, NLB Group has not established any provisions in its financial statements for the 
proceedings described below. 
In April 2017, a Montenegrin court imposed a temporary injunction preventing NLB Montenegro from 
disposing of certain real estate properties acquired during 2014-2015 by NLB Montenegro, as a result of 
the enforcement of security related to an NPL client.  
The temporary injunction is related to an alleged criminal abuse of authority by several individuals, 
including employees of the government of Montenegro and, among others, a former member of the 
management board of NLB Montenegro. On 24 September 2018, NLB was informed that NLB Montenegro 
received a formal indictment, in which, in addition to five other persons, this former member of the 
management board and NLB Montenegro, as a legal entity benefiting from the alleged abuse of authority, 
were charged on suspicion of a criminal offence for the misuse of their position. The indictment was later 
confirmed and the main trial is still pending. 
If it were determined that an abuse of authority was carried out in the name of NLB Montenegro, it could 
be found liable as a legal entity and possibly incur a financial penalty. NLB Montenegro initiated the filing 
of a criminal charge against persons-then-unknown in 2014 and, based on the evidence presented to the 
court, it does not believe that it should be found guilty and subject to fines in relation to these proceedings, 
and therefore has made no provisions in relation to these proceedings. However, there can be no assurance 
that the High Court of Montenegro will not take a different position. 
In addition, in March 2022, the Revenue and Customs Administration of Montenegro (Uprava prihoda i 
carina Crne Gore) carried out an inspection of payment of taxes and contributions on salaries in NLB 
Montenegro and, in a renewed procedure after annulment of the first decision by the Ministry of Finance

--- Page 180 ---
- 179 - 
 
as the second instance authority, issued a decision by which it directed NLB Montenegro to remedy the 
breach by paying the taxes and contributions on unpaid part of salaries. As this decision became enforceable 
and binding, NLB Montenegro paid its obligations arising from the decision in October 2022 and appealed 
again to the second instance authority. The Ministry of Finance this time confirmed the first instance 
decision, therefore NLB Montenegro initiated a procedure before the administrative court disputing such 
ruling. 
According to the news published by certain media in Montenegro in July 2022, the Revenue and Customs 
Administration of Montenegro reported NLB Montenegro and responsible individuals to the Chief Special 
Prosecutor Vladimir Novović on suspicion of creating a criminal organisation and tax evasion by which 
NLB Montenegro allegedly profited several hundred thousand Euro at the expense of the city of Podgorica 
and the state of Montenegro. Although NLB is confident that NLB Montenegro has never intentionally 
breached any relevant laws and regulations and, consequently, no grounds for any criminal liability exist, 
any criminal proceedings involving a member of NLB Group, its employees or directors could adversely 
affect the reputation of NLB and NLB Group. 
Other substantial claims against the members of the NLB Group include: 
• 
A claim against Prvi faktor faktoring d.o.o. Beograd (a subsidiary of a joint-venture of NLB and 
SID Banka) in an amount equivalent to approximately EUR 50 million, relating to compensation 
for damages caused by the defendant because of the freezing of its account with the defendant and 
the resulting financial breakdown of the plaintiff. After initiating this litigation, bankruptcy 
proceedings have been opened in relation to the plaintiff. Accordingly, the litigation has been 
suspended and is only likely to continue if the bankruptcy administrator decides to pursue the 
claim. In August 2022, the plaintiff was sold to another legal entity. The plaintiff can now continue 
the litigation. On 27 April 2023, the defendant asked the court to invite the plaintiff to take over 
this procedure. Until 31 December 2023 the plaintiff did not take over the procedure. NLB believes 
that this claim is without ground. 
• 
A claim amounting to approximately EUR 113 million against NLB InterFinanz AG in 
Liquidation, relating to Glumina banka's bankruptcy in 1999. The decision of the court of first 
instance, pronounced on 11 October 2021, was that NLB InterFinanz AG did not abuse its rights 
in challenging the plaintiff's claim in the aforementioned bankruptcy proceedings. The plaintiff 
appealed against the ruling. The court of appeal confirmed on 17 May 2022 (decision received on 
19 July 2022) the first instance decision in favour of NLB InterFinanz AG and rejected again the 
lawsuit for seeking compensation for damages. The plaintiff asked for the permission to file a 
revision against this (enforceable) second instance decision – the decision thereon is pending. 
• 
A claim against NLB Komercijalna Banka Beograd (former NLB Banka ad Beograd) in an amount 
equivalent to approximately EUR 14.7 million was filed, relating to the payment on account of an 
acquisition without grounds for the obligation under the bank guarantee and the payment of 
damages for not initiating the purchase proceeding of the shares and demanding payment under 
the bank guarantee. The bank allegedly misled the client (a natural person) by violating the code 
of business ethics to carry out a tax eviction by postponing the execution of the contract and by 
claiming that there were no opportunities to trade shares and that, as a result, the bank's guarantee 
could not be activated nor the purchase price for the shares be paid under the guarantee. 
Consequently, the plaintiff did not initiate the procedure of selling the shares and therefore claims 
to have suffered damage which he is trying to collect in this procedure. The court ruled in favour 
of NLB Komercijalna Banka Beograd. The court of appeal rejected the plaintiff's appeal as 
unfounded. The plaintiff filed a revision against the second instance decision. 
• 
NLB and N Banka offered from 2005 until 2008 as a part of the loan portfolio, also loans in Swiss 
Francs ("CHF"). The cumulative disbursed amount of the CHF loans amounts to EUR 269 million 
(including N Banka). Several borrowers of CHF loans have initiated legal proceedings against 
NLB in which they are claiming that their CHF-denominated loan agreements are null and void 
due to the failure by NLB to inform them properly of the currency risk they were assuming by 
borrowing such loans. The total amount of such claims is not material and, until recently, the 
plaintiffs were mostly unsuccessful. However, a recent change in the interpretation of the relevant 
provisions of law by Slovenian courts increases the possibility of the plaintiffs' success, although 
the outcome still depends largely on factual matters as determined by the court. In addition, such 
change in the case law resulted in a slight increase in number of proceedings against NLB. In the

--- Page 181 ---
- 180 - 
 
event of a significant increase in the number of proceedings and judgments adverse to NLB, NLB's 
profit could be materially affected. 
Other than described in this section (LEGAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDINGS), there are no, nor 
have there been any governmental, legal or administrative proceedings, involving NLB or any of its 
subsidiaries (and, so far as NLB is aware, no such proceedings are pending or threatened) which may have 
or have had during the twelve months prior to the date of this Prospectus a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of NLB or its subsidiaries as a whole. 
NO MATERIAL ADVERSE OR SIGNIFICANT CHANGE 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of NLB or the NLB Group since 31 December 
2023. 
There has there been no significant change in the financial position or performance of NLB and the NLB 
Group, which has occurred since 31 March 2024.

--- Page 182 ---
- 181 - 
 
TAXATION 
THE TAX LAWS OF THE INVESTOR'S STATE OF RESIDENCE AND OF THE ISSUER'S 
STATE OF INCORPORATION MIGHT HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED 
FROM THE NOTES. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN NOTES SHOULD CONSULT THEIR 
OWN TAX ADVISERS AS TO WHICH COUNTRIES' TAX LAWS COULD BE RELEVANT TO 
ACQUIRING, HOLDING AND DISPOSING OF NOTES AND RECEIVING PAYMENTS OF 
INTEREST, PRINCIPAL AND/OR OTHER AMOUNTS UNDER THE NOTES AND THE 
CONSEQUENCES OF SUCH ACTIONS UNDER THE TAX LAWS OF THOSE COUNTRIES. 
The following is a general overview of certain tax considerations relating to the purchasing, holding and 
disposing of Notes. It does not purport to be a legal opinion or a complete analysis of all tax considerations 
relating to the Notes. In particular, this discussion does not consider any specific facts or circumstances 
that may apply to a particular Holder of any Notes. The discussions that follow are based upon the 
applicable laws in force and their interpretation on the date of this Prospectus. These tax laws and 
interpretations are subject to change that may occur after such date (before or after the issuance of any 
Notes), even with retroactive effect. 
The information contained in this section is limited to taxation issues and prospective investors should not 
apply any information set out below to other areas, including (but not limited to) the legality of transactions 
involving the Notes. 
Prospective Holders of any Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to the particular tax 
consequences of subscribing, purchasing, holding and disposing the Notes, including the application and 
effect of any federal, state or local taxes, under the tax laws of each country of which they are residents or 
citizens. 
Taxation in Slovenia 
Taxation of interest income 
Withholding tax 
Taxation of interest income derived from the Notes will differ depending on whether, at the time when the 
Issuer will make payments of interest under the Notes, the Notes will be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market or traded on a multilateral trading facility ("MTF") within an EU member state or OECD (the Notes, 
while so admitted to trading on a regulated market or traded on an MTF, hereinafter referred as "Listed 
Securities"). 
If, and for as long as the Notes qualify as Listed Securities, the Issuer will be entitled to make all payments 
of interest under the Notes free and clear of any withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes pursuant 
to applicable Slovenian law. 
If, however, at the time when the Issuer will make a payment of interest under the Notes, the Notes do not 
qualify as Listed Securities, then such payment will be subject to withholding tax payable by the Issuer at 
the maximum rate applicable under Slovenian taxation law (currently being 25 per cent.), whereupon: 
(a) 
in the event that the beneficial owner of such interest is: 
(i) 
a natural person resident for taxation purposes in the Republic of Slovenia; or 
(ii) 
a natural person resident for taxation purposes outside the Republic of Slovenia who does 
not benefit from a reduced tax rate under applicable law or double taxation treaty; 
the amount of tax so withheld shall be the final tax imposed by the Republic of Slovenia on the 
relevant amount of interest; and 
(b) 
in any other case, the beneficial owner of such interest will be entitled to claim from the Slovenian 
tax administration a refund of the amount by which the amount actually withheld exceeds the

--- Page 183 ---
- 182 - 
 
amount calculated at the rate applicable to such beneficial owner, whereas the rate applicable to 
such beneficial owner being: 
(i) 
0 per cent. in the case where the beneficial owner of such interest is a legal person, other 
than a legal person resident for taxation purposes in (a) a non-EU jurisdiction where the 
general or average nominal income tax rate is lower than 12.5 per cent. and which is 
included in the list of "tax havens" published from time to time by the Ministry of Finance 
of the Republic of Slovenia, or (b) a jurisdiction included on the EU list of non-cooperative 
jurisdictions for tax purposes, published in the official journal of the EU; 
(ii) 
the reduced rate applicable under the applicable law or double taxation treaty, where the 
beneficial owner of such interest is a natural person entitled to benefit from such reduced 
tax rate; or 
(iii) 
15 per cent. where the beneficial owner of such interest is a legal person resident for 
taxation purposes in (a) a non-EU jurisdiction where the general or average nominal 
income tax rate is lower than 12.5 per cent. and which is included in the list of "tax havens" 
published from time to time by the Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Slovenia or (b) 
a jurisdiction included on the EU list of non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes, 
published in the official journal of the EU. 
Other methods of taxation 
Interest on the Notes received by (a) a legal person resident for taxation purposes in the Republic of 
Slovenia or (b) a permanent establishment (poslovna enota) in the Republic of Slovenia of a legal person 
not resident for taxation purposes in the Republic of Slovenia will be subject to Slovenian tax as a part of 
the net annual income of such legal person or permanent establishment, being Slovenian Corporate Income 
Tax (davek od dohodkov pravnih oseb) which is levied at the rate of 19 per cent. (except for the years 2024 
to 2028 for which the applicable rate is 22 per cent.). 
Any natural person who is liable for Slovenian Personal Income Tax on interest under the Notes and 
receives an amount of interest under the Notes free of any deduction for account of this tax shall (i) declare 
each amount so received and (ii) pay the amount of tax in accordance with the relevant decision of the tax 
authorities. 
Taxation of capital gains 
Legal Persons 
Capital gains earned on the sale or disposition of the Notes by a legal person resident for taxation purposes 
in the Republic of Slovenia or a permanent establishment (poslovna enota) in the Republic of Slovenia of 
a legal person not resident for taxation purposes in the Republic of Slovenia will be subject to Slovenian 
Corporate Income Tax as a part of its overall income tax (levied at the rate of 19 per cent. except for the 
years 2024 to 2028 for which the applicable rate is 22 per cent.). 
Capital gains earned by legal persons not resident for taxation purposes in the Republic of Slovenia and 
having no permanent establishment (poslovna enota) in the Republic of Slovenia are not subject to 
Slovenian taxation. 
Natural Persons 
Under the Slovenian Personal Income Tax Act (Zakon o dohodnini (ZDoh-2)), capital gains from the sale 
or other disposition of debt securities held as non-business assets are in general exempt from taxation, while 
capital gains earned as business income (dohodek iz dejavnosti) of an individual resident for taxation 
purposes in the Republic of Slovenia may be subject to Slovenian Personal Income Tax as a part of such 
individual's overall annual business income at the rate applicable in accordance with the progressive tax 
scale which may reach up to 50 per cent. 
Capital gains earned on the sale or disposition of the Notes by a natural person resident for taxation purposes 
in the Republic of Slovenia may, in circumstances described in the Act on the Taxation of Profits from the 
Disposal of Derivatives (Zakon o davku od dobička od odsvojitve izvedenih finančnih instrumentov – 
ZDDOIFI), be subject to tax levied at the rate of up to 40 per cent.

--- Page 184 ---
- 183 - 
 
Value Added Tax 
Pursuant to Value Added Tax Act (Zakon o davku na dodano vrednost – ZDDV-1), transactions with 
securities are VAT-exempt in the Republic of Slovenia. According to the law, interest on debt securities is 
not subject to VAT, thus VAT is neither charged nor payable. 
Inheritance and gift taxations 
Natural persons and private law entities, within the meaning of the Slovenian Inheritance and Gift Tax Act 
(Zakon o davku na dediščine in darila – ZDDD) may be subject to Slovenian inheritance and gift tax in 
case of the transfer of the Notes mortis causa or inter vivos. The value of all transfers by the same person 
in one year is considered when ascertaining the taxable amount for such purposes. 
Inheritance tax and gift tax is assessed by reference to the market value of property subject to taxation at 
the time of the occurrence of tax liability, decreased by debts, costs and charges relating to this property. In 
the case of movable property (such as the Notes), the tax base for inheritances and gifts is decreased by 
EUR 5,000. 
Tax on inheritance and gifts is not paid by the heir or recipient of a gift of a first hereditary order (children 
and spouse). 
Tax rates are progressive and differ depending on the hereditary order. Tax rates for inheritance and gift tax 
range: 
• 
from 5 per cent. up to 14 per cent. for the second hereditary order (parents, siblings and their 
descendants); 
• 
from 8 per cent. up to 17 per cent. for the third hereditary order (grandparents); and 
• 
from 12 per cent. up to 39 per cent. for all subsequent hereditary orders (others).

--- Page 185 ---
- 184 - 
 
DESCRIPTION OF RULES REGARDING RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS 
The provisions relating to resolutions of Holders under the German Act on Debt Securities 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") will apply to Notes issued under the Programme. The Holders 
may agree to amendments or decide on other matters relating to the Notes by way of resolution to be passed 
by taking votes without a meeting. Any such resolution duly adopted by resolution of the Holders shall be 
binding on each Holder of the respective issue of Notes, irrespective of whether such Holder took part in 
the vote and whether such Holder voted in favour or against such resolution.  
The rules of the SchVG are, if applied by the Issuer, largely mandatory, although they permit in limited 
circumstances supplementary provisions set out in the Terms and Conditions.  
The following is a brief overview of some of the statutory rules regarding the taking of votes without 
meetings and the convening and conduct of meetings of Holders, the passing and publication of resolutions 
as well as their implementation and challenge before German courts.  
Specific Rules regarding Votes without Meeting  
The voting shall be conducted by the person presiding over the taking of votes. Such person shall be (i) a 
notary public appointed by the Issuer, (ii) where a common representative of the Holders (the "Joint 
Representative") has been appointed, the Joint Representative if the vote was solicited by the Joint 
Representative, or (iii) a person appointed by the competent court.  
The notice soliciting the Holders' votes shall set out the period within which votes may be cast. During such 
voting period, the Holders may cast their votes to the person presiding over the taking of votes. Such notice 
shall also set out in detail the conditions to be met for the votes to be valid.  
The person presiding over the taking of votes shall ascertain each Holder's entitlement to cast a vote based 
on evidence provided by such Holder and shall prepare a list of the Holders entitled to vote. If it is 
established that no quorum exists, the person presiding over the taking of votes may convene a meeting of 
the Holders. Within one year following the end of the voting period, each Holder participating in the vote 
may request a copy of the minutes of such vote and any annexes thereto from the Issuer.  
Each Holder participating in the vote may object in writing to the result of the vote within two weeks 
following the publication of the resolutions passed. The objection shall be decided upon by the person 
presiding over the taking of votes. If he remedies the objection, the person presiding over the taking of 
votes shall promptly publish the result. If the person presiding over the taking of votes does not remedy the 
objection, he shall promptly inform the objecting Holder in writing.  
The Issuer shall bear the costs of the vote and, if the court has convened a meeting, also the costs of such 
proceedings.  
Rules regarding Holders' Meetings applicable to Votes without Meeting  
In addition, the statutory rules applicable to the convening and conduct of Holders' meetings will apply 
mutatis mutandis to any vote without a meeting. The following summarises some of such rules.  
Meetings of Holders may be convened by the Issuer or the Joint Representative, if any. Meetings of Holders 
must be convened if one or more Holders holding five per cent. or more of the outstanding Notes so require 
for specified reasons permitted by statute.  
The convening notice shall be made publicly available together with the agenda of the meeting setting out 
the proposals for resolution.  
Each Holder may be represented by proxy. A quorum exists if Holders' representing by value not less than 
50 per cent. of the outstanding Notes. If the quorum is not reached, a second meeting may be called at 
which no quorum will be required, provided that where a resolution may only be adopted by a qualified 
majority, a quorum requires the presence of at least 25 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of 
outstanding Notes.

--- Page 186 ---
- 185 - 
 
All resolutions adopted must be properly published. In the case of Notes represented by one or more Global 
Notes, resolutions which amend or supplement the Terms and Conditions have to be implemented by 
supplementing or amending the relevant Global Note(s).  
In insolvency proceedings instituted in Germany against an Issuer, a Joint Representative, if appointed, is 
obliged and exclusively entitled to assert the Holders' rights under the Notes. Any resolutions passed by the 
Holders are subject to the provisions of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung).  
If a resolution constitutes a breach of the statute or the Conditions, Holders may bring an action to set aside 
such resolution. Such action must be filed with the competent court within one month following the 
publication of the resolution.

--- Page 187 ---
- 186 - 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP 
Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Erste Group Bank AG, Nova 
Ljubljanska banka d.d., Ljubljana, UniCredit Bank GmbH and any new dealer appointed under the 
Programme (the "Dealers"). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be 
sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 17 May 2024 
(the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuer and Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, 
BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Erste Group Bank AG, Nova 
Ljubljanska banka d.d., Ljubljana and UniCredit Bank GmbH. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the 
method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued 
by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant 
Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which 
is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement 
between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by 
those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the 
obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and the names and 
addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of 
that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers 
has also been appointed to act as Stabilisation Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes 
comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, 
and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance 
period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in

--- Page 188 ---
- 187 - 
 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive (EU) 2014/65 (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision the expression retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(i) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will 
only communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage 
in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in 
connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of 
the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of 
the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and 
will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus or any 
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, 
of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional 
investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 
275 of the SFA.

--- Page 189 ---
- 188 - 
 
Switzerland 
This Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading 
on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Prospectus nor 
any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, 
and neither this Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be 
publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of any Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any offer, sale 
or delivery of Notes or distribution of copies of this Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes 
in the Republic of Italy will be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control 
and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of Notes or distribution of copies of this Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 
24 February 1998, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (in each case as amended from time to time) and any 
other applicable laws and regulations; 
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, 
as amended, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or 
the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of 
the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016 and 
2 November 2020); and 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB or any other Italian authority. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells 
or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related 
offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Prospectus or any 
Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or 
possess, distribute or publish this Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all 
cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Prospectus.

--- Page 190 ---
- 189 - 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by the resolution of the Management Board of the 
Issuer on 13 June 2023. The update of the Programme was authorised by the resolution of the Management 
Board of the Issuer on 14 May 2024. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary 
consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Issue Price and Yield 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method of determining 
the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of 
different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period 
from the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first 
Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment 
date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant 
issue date on an annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
Conflicts of Interest  
The Dealers and their affiliates may be customers, borrowers or creditors of the Issuer and its affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and 
commissions for these transactions. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or 
make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, 
including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, 
investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading 
activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial Notes (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or Notes of the Issuer and 
its affiliates. The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive allocations of Notes (subject to customary 
closing conditions), which could affect future trading of the Notes. Certain of the Dealers of their affiliates 
that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer and its 
affiliates consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of 
credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued 
under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under 
the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish 
or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial Notes and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and Notes. 
Third Party Information 
If and to the extent information contained in this Prospectus, as supplemented from time to time, has been 
sourced from a third party, the Issuer confirms that to the best of its knowledge this information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published 
by such third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. 
Issuer's website 
The Issuers' website is www.nlb.si. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this Prospectus.

--- Page 191 ---
- 190 - 
 
Documents Available 
This Prospectus, any supplements hereto and the documents incorporated herein by reference are available 
on the Issuer's website (www.nlb.si) and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.LuxSE.com). The day of such first publication is deemed to be the valid day of publication. 
All documents mentioned above will be available together with this Prospectus and the Issuer's articles of 
incorporation (the "Articles of Incorporation") for at least ten years after the publication of this Prospectus 
free of charge on the Issuer's website (www.nlb.si). 
The Green Bond Framework and Second Party Opinion are available on the Issuer's website. Neither the 
Green Bond Framework nor the content of the website or any Second Party Opinion or any document 
related thereto are incorporated by reference into or form part of the Prospectus.

--- Page 192 ---
- 191 - 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The specified parts of the following documents which have been previously published or are simultaneously 
published with this Prospectus and which have been filed with the CSSF are incorporated by reference into 
and form part of this Prospectus and will be available together with this Prospectus for at least ten years 
after the publication of this Prospectus. 
Document/Heading 
Page 
reference in 
the relevant 
document 
The following sections of the English language version of the NLB Group Interim Report 
Q1 2024, containing, inter alia, the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer in respect of the three months ended 31 March 2024: 
Source:  
https://www.nlb.si/nlb/nlb-portal/eng/investor-relations/financial-reports/2024/nlb-
group-interim-report-for-the-first-three-months-of-2024-.pdf 
 
Key Members Overview 
4 
NLB Group at a Glance (Capital, Liquidity & Funding) 
5 
Key Figures (profit a.t. – quarterly) 
7 
Key Financial Indicators of NLB Group (Table 1) 
8 
Overview of Financial Performance 
14 
Income Statement 
15 - 22 
Statement of Financial Position 
23 - 28 
Capital 
30 - 32 
Wholesale Funding Strategy and MREL 
33 - 35 
Risk Management 
54 - 60 
Alternative Performance Indicators 
64 - 82 
Unaudited Condensed Interim Financial Statements of NLB Group and NLB 
85 - 123 
The following sections of the English language version of the NLB Group Annual Report, containing, 
inter alia, alternative performance indicators, the audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer and the independent auditor's report thereon, in respect of the financial year or the year ended 
31 December 2023: 
Source:  
https://www.nlb.si/nlb/nlb-portal/eng/investor-relations/financial-reports/2023/nlb-ar-2023-eng.pdf 
NLB Group deposits from customers dynamics (Figure 30) 
63 
Alternative Performance Indicators 
162 - 180 
Independent auditor's report 
186 - 189 
Income statement 
191 
Statement of comprehensive income 
192 
Statement of financial position 
193 
Statement of changes in equity 
195 - 196 
Statement of cash flows 
197 - 198 
Notes to the financial statements 
199 - 367

--- Page 193 ---
- 192 - 
 
Document/Heading 
Page 
reference in 
the relevant 
document 
The following sections of the English language version of the NLB Group Annual Report, containing, 
inter alia, alternative performance indicators, the audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer and the independent auditor's report thereon, in respect of the financial year or the year ended 
31 December 2022: 
Source:  
https://www.nlb.si/lp2022/PDF/NLB_AR_2022_ENG.pdf 
Alternative Performance Indicators 
149 - 167 
Independent auditor's report 
174 - 177 
Income statement 
179 
Statement of comprehensive income 
180 
Statement of financial position 
181 
Statement of changes in equity 
183 - 184 
Statement of cash flows 
185 - 186 
Notes to the financial statements 
187 - 329 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme Prospectus dated 15 June 2023 
Source: 
https://www.nlb.si/nlb/nlb-portal/eng/investor-relations/debt-instruments/emtn-
prospectus 
 
Terms and Conditions 
51 - 104 
Form of Final Terms – Part A 
109 - 113 
Please note that the English language translations referred to above are translations from the originals, 
which were prepared in Slovenian language. All possible care has been taken to ensure that the translations 
are accurate representation of the originals. 
For the avoidance of doubt, such parts of the NLB Group Interim Report Q1 2024, and the annual reports 
for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 respectively, which are not explicitly 
listed in the tables above, are not incorporated by reference into this Prospectus as these parts are either not 
relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
References in the independent auditor's reports to "other information" are references to the administrators' 
report and the non-financial statement. Such administrators' report and non-financial statement are not 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
Such parts of the documents which are explicitly listed above shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and 
form part of this Prospectus, save that any statement contained in such a document shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in this 
Prospectus modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). 
Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to 
constitute a part of this Prospectus.

--- Page 194 ---
- 193 - 
 
PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Nova Ljubljanska banka d.d., Ljubljana 
Trg republike 2 
1000 Ljubljana 
Republic of Slovenia 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2, D02RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Erste Group Bank AG 
Am Belvedere 1 
1100 Vienna 
Austria 
Nova Ljubljanska banka d.d., Ljubljana 
Trg republike 2 
1000 Ljubljana 
Republic of Slovenia 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 München 
Germany 
FISCAL AND PAYING AGENT 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to German law: 
To the Issuer as to Slovenian law: 
Clifford Chance Partnerschaft mbB 
Junghofstraße 14 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Odvetniki Vidmar, Ogrič in Pejovnik 
Slovenska cesta 29 
1000 Ljubljana 
Republic of Slovenia 
To the Dealers as to German law: 
To the Dealers as to Slovenian law: 
Linklaters LLP 
Taunusanlage 8 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
WOLF THEISS Attorneys-at-law –  
Slovenian Branch 
Gosposvetska cesta 11 
1000 Ljubljana 
Republic of Slovenia

--- Page 195 ---
- 194 - 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
For the fiscal years 2013 to 2022 
Ernst & Young d.o.o. 
Dunajska cesta 111 
1000 Ljubljana 
Republic of Slovenia 
For the fiscal years 2023 to 2026 
KPMG Slovenija, d.o.o. 
Železna cesta 8a 
1000 Ljubljana 
Republic of Slovenia