--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 1 September 2022 
  
NOVO BANCO, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Portugal) 
€5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme” and the “Base Prospectus”, respectively), Novo 
Banco, S.A. (the “Issuer” or the “Bank” or “novobanco”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to 
time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €5,000,000,000 
(or the equivalent in other currencies). 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for Notes issued under the Programme 
for the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the “Official List”) and to 
Euronext Dublin for such Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s Regulated Market (the “Market”). References in this Base Prospectus 
to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the Official List and have been admitted to trading 
on the Market. The Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets 
in financial instruments, as amended (“MiFID II”). The applicable Final Terms (as defined in “Overview of the Programme—Method of Issue”) in 
respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Market (or any 
other stock exchange). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the 
Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Each Series (as defined in “Overview of the Programme—Method of Issue”) of Notes will be issued in dematerialised book-entry form (forma escritural) 
and will be in registered (nominativas) form in the Specified Denomination specified in the applicable Final Terms and will be integrated in and held 
through Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. (“Interbolsa”), as the 
entity responsible for the management and operation of the Central de Valores Mobiliários, a Portuguese Securities Centralised System managed and 
operated by Interbolsa (the “CVM”). The CVM currently has links in place with Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) through securities accounts held by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg with Affiliate Members (as defined in 
“Form of the Notes”) of Interbolsa. 
Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated B3 by Moody’s Investors Service España, S.A. (“Moody’s”). Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and Tier 2 Notes (each as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) are expected to be rated B (high), B and B (low), 
respectively, by DBRS Ratings GmbH (“DBRS”). Moody’s and DBRS are established in the European Union (the “EU”) and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “EU CRA Regulation”). As such, each of Moody's and DBRS is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The ratings which Moody's 
and/or DBRS may give to the Tranches of Notes (as defined in “Overview of the Programme—Method of Issue”) to be issued under the Programme 
may be endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Limited and/or DBRS Ratings Limited (as applicable), which are established in the United Kingdom 
(“UK”) and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”). 
Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the EU or in the UK and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation (as applicable) will be disclosed in the applicable Final 
Terms. A list of rating agencies registered under the EU CRA regulation can be found at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk. The UK CRA Regulation rating agency register can be found at: https://register.fca.org.uk/s/. A security rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months from 1 September 2022. The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry 
of that period. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus. Investors should also 
see the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” and “Taxation” in respect of procedures to be followed to receive payments under the Notes. Holders are 
required to adopt the procedures as described herein in order to receive payments on the Notes free from Portuguese withholding tax. Holders must rely 
on the procedures of Interbolsa to receive payments under the Notes. 
Arranger 
J.P. Morgan 
Dealers 
BofA Securities 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Credit Suisse 
J.P. Morgan 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  
The Issuer (the “Responsible Person”) accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and each applicable Final Terms for each issuance of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best 
of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus and each applicable Final 
Terms is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms 
makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
Certain information in this Base Prospectus has been extracted or derived from independent sources. Where 
this is the case, the source has been identified. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by the relevant 
source, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference 
(see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).  
The maximum aggregate principal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme 
will not exceed €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein), subject to 
increase as described herein.  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
consistent with this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and any information or 
representation not so contained must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger 
or any of the Dealers (as defined in “Overview of the Programme”).  
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that 
there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that the information contained 
in it or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent 
to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The minimum specified denomination of the Notes shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency 
as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers 
to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Arranger or the Dealers accepts any responsibility for the 
contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a 
Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger and 
each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as 
referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit 
or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the 
Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. 
Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None 
of the Arranger or the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor 
in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Arranger or the Dealers. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine 
the suitability of the investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may 
wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it:  
(a) has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks 
of investing in the Notes and the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any applicable 
supplement; 
(b) has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact such investment will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(c) has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s 
currency; 
(d) understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and 
(e) is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations and/or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (i) the Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) the Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of the Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
OFFER RESTRICTIONS 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers 
to subscribe or purchase, any of the Notes. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering of the Notes 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are 
required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
For a description of further restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus, 
see “Subscription and Sale” below. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic

--- Page 5 ---
v 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (“UK MiFIR”). Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of 
Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the 
SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Notice to investors in Canada: Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide 
a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) 
contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the 
purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or 
territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s 
province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal adviser. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States and, subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account of or benefit of, U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”)). 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, 
see “Subscription and Sale”. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) 
in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure 
of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end 
no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with 
all applicable laws and rules. 
GENERAL 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”), which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute appears on the register of

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “BMR”). 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Certain information contained in this Base Prospectus, including any information as to the Issuer’s strategy, 
market position, plans or future financial or operating performance, constitutes “forward-looking statements”. 
All statements, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements. The words “believe”, 
“expect”, “anticipate”, “contemplate”, “target”, “plan”, “intend”, “continue”, “budget”, “project”, “aim”, 
“estimate”, “may”, “will”, “could”, “should”, “schedule” and similar expressions identify forward-looking 
statements. 
Forward-looking statements are necessarily based upon a number of estimates and assumptions that, while 
considered reasonable by the Issuer, are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive 
uncertainties and contingencies. Known and unknown factors could cause actual results to differ materially 
from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to, those 
described in “Risk Factors”. 
Investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Forward-
looking statements may, and often do, differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements in 
this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus, reflect the current view of the executive 
board of directors of the Issuer (the “Board”) with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to 
future events and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Issuer’s operations, results of 
operations, strategy, liquidity, capital and leverage ratios and the availability of new funding. Investors should 
specifically consider the factors identified in this Base Prospectus that could cause actual results to differ before 
making an investment decision. All of the forward-looking statements made in this Base Prospectus are 
qualified by these cautionary statements. Specific reference is made to the information set out in “Risk Factors” 
and “Description of the Issuer and of the Group”. 
Subject to applicable law or regulation, the Issuer explicitly disclaims any intention or obligation or undertaking 
publicly to release the result of any revisions to any forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus that 
may occur due to any change in the Issuer’s expectations or to reflect events or circumstances after the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate amendment or supplement to 
this Base Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official List and 
admitted to trading on the Market, shall constitute a prospectus supplement as required by Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Historical Financial Information 
The historical financial information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus has been prepared in 
accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (the “IFRS”) issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). The historical financial information presented in this Base Prospectus

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
consists of audited consolidated financial information of the Issuer for the financial periods ended 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2021.  
Alternative Performance Measures 
To supplement the Group’s consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with IFRS, the Group 
uses certain ratios and measures which are included in this Base Prospectus that might be considered to be 
“alternative performance measures” (each an “APM”) as described in the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative 
Performance Measures (the “ESMA Guidelines”) published by ESMA on 5 October 2015. The ESMA 
Guidelines provide that an APM is understood as “a financial measure of historical or future financial 
performance, financial position, or cash flows, other than a financial measure defined or specified in the 
applicable financial reporting framework”. 
The Group believes that the inclusion of APMs, when considered in conjunction with measures reported under 
IFRS, is useful to investors because it provides a basis for measuring the Group’s performance in the periods 
presented and enhances investors’ overall understanding of the Group’s financial performance. APMs should 
not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information presented in compliance with 
IFRS.  
For further information on the APMs used by the Group, including their definition and purpose, basis of 
calculation and reconciliation to the Group’s financial statements, see pages 88 to 91 of the Group’s 2021 
Annual Report.  
Currency Presentation 
Unless otherwise indicated, all references in this Base Prospectus to “€” or “euro” are to the currency introduced 
at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union (the “EMU”) pursuant to the Treaty 
establishing the European Community, as amended. The Issuer prepares its financial statements in euro. Unless 
otherwise indicated, the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus has been expressed in euro. 
Rounding 
Percentages and certain amounts in this Base Prospectus, including financial, statistical and operating 
information, have been rounded. As a result, the figures shown as totals may not be the precise sum of the 
figures that precede them. 
Definition 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries are together referred to in this Base Prospectus as the “Group”.

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................................. 1 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................ 8 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................56 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................57 
FORM OF THE NOTES AND CLEARING SYSTEM ....................................................................................94 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................96 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND OF THE GROUP .............................................................................97 
TAXATION .....................................................................................................................................................170 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................178 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................................182 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................192

--- Page 9 ---
1 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the more detailed information contained elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus. Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the respective meanings given 
to them in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (the “Conditions”). 
 
Issuer 
Novo Banco, S.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
5493009W2E2YDCXY6S81 
Description 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Programme Size 
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue) aggregate principal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. 
Arranger 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Dealers 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Société Générale 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
Programme. 
References in this Base Prospectus to “Dealers” are to the 
persons listed above as Dealers and to such additional persons 
that are appointed as dealers in respect of the Programme (and 
whose appointment has not been terminated) and persons 
appointed as dealers in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Initial Paying Agent 
Novo Banco, S.A. 
Initial Agent Bank 
Novo Banco, S.A. 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having 
one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or 
identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), 
the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable 
with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in 
tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue 
dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be 
completed, where necessary, with the applicable terms and 
conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first 
payment of interest and principal amount of the Tranche, will be 
identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will 
be completed in the final terms document relating to the Notes 
(the “Final Terms”).

--- Page 10 ---
2 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a discount 
or premium to their principal amount. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialised book-entry form 
(forma escritural) and will be in registered (nominativas) form 
and will be integrated in and held through Interbolsa, as the 
entity responsible for the management and operation of the 
CVM. The terms and conditions of each Series of Notes shall be 
the Conditions set out in this Base Prospectus, as supplemented 
and/or completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
The Notes are constituted by a deed poll given by the Issuer in 
favour of the Holders dated 1 September 2022 (the 
“Instrument”). 
Notes to be issued under the Programme will be Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Tier 2 Notes, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Clearing Systems 
Notes will be cleared and settled through Interbolsa (and 
indirectly through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg). 
For a summary description of certain related rules applicable to 
the Notes, see the section “Form of the Notes”. 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
requirements and acceptance by Interbolsa for registration and 
clearing securities, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Maturities 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer and as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable 
to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Tier 2 Notes must have a maturity date falling at least five years 
after the Issue Date. 
Specified Denomination 
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, save that (i) the minimum specified 
denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the Notes) and (ii) unless 
otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
which have a maturity of less than one year and in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the 
UK or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
section 19 of the FSMA will have a minimum denomination of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at 
the Initial Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 11 ---
3 
Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be reset on one 
or more date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms by 
reference to the relevant Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Bond 
Rate, as adjusted for any applicable margin, in each case as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms, as further described 
in the Conditions and subject to the benchmark discontinuation 
provisions 
set 
out 
in 
Condition 
3(k) 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation). Such interest will be payable in arrear on the 
Reset Note Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or determined pursuant to the Conditions. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series by reference to EURIBOR as adjusted for any 
applicable margin and subject to the benchmark discontinuation 
provisions 
set 
out 
in 
Condition 
3(k) 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation). 
 
Interest periods may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their principal amount or 
at a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the 
applicable interest rate or its method of calculation may differ 
from time to time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have 
a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The 
use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest 
at different rates in the same interest period. 
Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the redemption amounts 
payable.  
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled, each 
Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount, 
which shall be at least equal to its principal amount. 
Early redemption will be permitted for taxation reasons or, in 
the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, 
upon 
the 
occurrence 
of 
a 
Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event or, in the case of Tier 2 Notes, upon a 
Capital Disqualification Event, but otherwise early redemption 
will be permitted only to the extent specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Any early redemption of Notes will be subject to Condition 4(k) 
(Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, Variation and 
Purchase of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) or 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, 
Variation and Purchase of Tier 2 Notes), as applicable. 
Optional Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether Notes may be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer 
(either in whole or in part) and whether Notes may be redeemed 
prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (in whole)

--- Page 12 ---
4 
where the Clean-up Call Minimum Percentage (or more) of the 
principal amount outstanding of the Notes originally issued has 
been redeemed (other than Notes redeemed at the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount) or purchased and subsequently cancelled 
in accordance with Condition 4 and, in either such case, the 
terms applicable to such redemption. 
Any optional redemption of Notes will be subject to Condition 
4(k) (Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, Variation and 
Purchase of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) or 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, 
Variation and Purchase of Tier 2 Notes), as applicable. 
The Notes may not be redeemed at the option of Holders. 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
In the case of Reset Notes or Floating Rate Notes, on the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments in 
accordance with Condition 3(k) (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
Status of Senior Preferred Notes 
 
Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed obligations of the Issuer and 
rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves.  
If a Winding-Up occurs, the rights and claims of the Holders 
shall rank (A) pari passu among themselves and with any other 
Senior Higher Priority Liabilities, save for those Senior Higher 
Priority Liabilities that have been accorded by law preferential 
rights and (B) senior to (i) Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities and 
(ii) all present and future subordinated obligations (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, all Tier 2 Notes) and all classes of 
share capital of the Issuer. See Condition 2(a) (Status of Senior 
Preferred Notes). 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed obligations of the Issuer and 
rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves.  
If a Winding-Up occurs, the rights and claims of the Holders 
shall rank (A) pari passu among themselves and with any other 
Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities, (B) junior to (i) as at the Issue 
Date of the first tranche of the Notes, any excluded liabilities 
pursuant to Article 72a(2) of the CRR and (ii) any Senior Higher 
Priority Liabilities in accordance with Article 8-A and (C) senior 
to all present and future subordinated obligations (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, (i) all Tier 2 Notes and all other 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or 
would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such 
capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital and all obligations which rank, 
or are expressed to rank, pari passu therewith and (ii) all 
obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or would but for any

--- Page 13 ---
5 
applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, 
Tier 1 Capital and all obligations which rank, or are expressed 
to rank, pari passu therewith) and all classes of share capital of 
the Issuer in accordance with Article 8-A. See Condition 2(b) 
(Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
Status of Tier 2 Notes 
The Tier 2 Notes will constitute direct, unsecured and 
unguaranteed obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and 
without any preference among themselves. If a Winding-Up 
occurs, the rights and claims of the Holders shall be 
subordinated as provided in Condition 2(c) (Status of Tier 2 
Notes) to the claims of all Senior Creditors and shall rank (a) at 
least pari passu with the claims of holders of all other 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or 
would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such 
capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital and all obligations which rank, 
or are expressed to rank, pari passu therewith and (b) senior to 
the claims of holders of all obligations of the Issuer which 
constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the 
amount of such capital constitute, Tier 1 Capital and all 
obligations which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu 
therewith and to the claims of holders of all classes of share 
capital of the Issuer. See Condition 2(c) (Status of Tier 2 Notes). 
Substitution and Variation 
If “Substitution and Variation” is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms and a Tax Event, Loss Absorption 
Disqualification Event or Capital Disqualification Event, as the 
case may be, has occurred and is continuing, or in order to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 12(d) 
(Acknowledgement of Statutory Loss Absorption Powers), the 
Issuer may, subject to the provisions of Condition 4(k) 
(Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, Variation and 
Purchase of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) or 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, 
Variation and Purchase of Tier 2 Notes), as applicable, either 
substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes for, or 
vary the terms of the relevant Notes such that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, Loss Absorption Compliant Notes or Tier 
2 Compliant Notes. See Condition 4(h) (Substitution or 
Variation). 
Default 
If the Issuer has not made payment of any amount in respect of 
the Notes for a period of 14 days or more after the date on which 
such payment is due, the Issuer shall be deemed to be in default 
under the Notes. 
In the event of a Winding-Up of the Issuer, a Holder may prove 
and/or claim in such Winding-Up of the Issuer. 
See Condition 6(a) (Default). 
Enforcement 
Subject to Condition 6(a) (Default), a Holder may at its 
discretion institute steps, actions or proceedings to enforce any 
term or condition binding on the Issuer, other than any payment

--- Page 14 ---
6 
obligation of the Issuer, under the Instrument, Agency Terms or 
the Notes. 
See Condition 6(b) (Default). 
Modification  
The Instrument will contain provisions for convening meetings 
of Holders to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of any of the Conditions or any provisions of the 
Instrument. 
See Condition 9 (Meetings of Holders, Modification and 
Waiver). 
Ratings  
 
Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated B3 
by Moody’s. Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and Tier 2 Notes are expected to be rated B (high), B and 
B (low), respectively, by DBRS.    
Each of Moody's and DBRS is established in the EU and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation. Tranches of Notes (as 
defined in "General Description of the Programme") may be 
rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to 
the Programme and/or the Notes already issued. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such ratings will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not a rating in relation 
to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EU or the 
UK and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation (as applicable) will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Withholding Tax and Additional 
Amounts 
All payments by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by the Relevant Jurisdiction, 
unless the withholding or deduction is required by law. In that 
event, in respect of payments of interest (but not principal or any 
other amount) the Issuer will (subject to certain customary 
exceptions as described in the Conditions) pay such Additional 
Amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the Holders after the withholding or deduction shall 
equal the amounts which would have been receivable in respect 
of the Notes in the absence of such withholding or deduction. 
In no event will the Issuer be required to pay any Additional 
Amounts in respect of the Notes for, or on account of, any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and

--- Page 15 ---
7 
any regulations or agreements thereunder or any official 
interpretations 
thereof 
or 
any 
law 
implementing 
an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
Governing Law 
English law, save that Conditions 1 (Form, Denomination, Title 
and 
Transfer), 
2 
(Status; 
No 
Set-Off) 
and 
12(d) 
(Acknowledgement of Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
therewith are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, Portuguese law. See Condition 12(a) (Governing Law). 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to list the Notes on the Official List 
and to admit the Notes to trading on the Market.  
The Notes may also be listed on such other or further stock 
exchange or stock exchanges as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to each issue. Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
Selling Restrictions 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA, the UK, Italy, Singapore, Canada, 
Switzerland and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
 
Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the Securities 
Act.  
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the 
general financing purposes of the Issuer. If, in respect of any 
particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, 
this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 16 ---
8 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks, most of which are contingencies which may or may 
not occur, and the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency 
occurring. 
Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors should carefully consider the risk factors associated with 
any investment in the Notes, the Issuer and the financial services industry in Portugal in general, together with 
all the other information contained, and incorporated, in this document. This section describes the risk factors 
which are considered by the Issuer to be material to the Issuer and an investment in the Notes issued under the 
Programme. However, these should not be regarded as a complete and comprehensive statement of all potential 
risks and uncertainties. There may be other risks and uncertainties which are currently not known to the Issuer 
or which it currently does not consider to be material. Should any of the risks described below, or any other 
risks or uncertainties, occur this could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of 
operation, financial condition or prospects which in turn would be likely to cause the price of the Notes to 
decline and, as a result, an investor in the Notes could lose some or all of its investment. In addition, many of 
these factors are correlated and may require changes to the Issuer’s capital requirements, and events described 
therein could therefore have a compounding adverse effect on the Issuer. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
the Notes are also described below.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out, and incorporated, elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
1. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER  
A. 
Risks relating to the economic and financial environment 
The Group is exposed to the adverse consequences of the Covid-19 pandemic and of the military 
conflict in Ukraine 
A widespread pandemic of the severe respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (“SARS-CoV-2”) and of the 
infectious disease Covid-19, caused by the virus, has affected a large portion of the global population, 
particularly in 2020 and 2021. 
The consequences of Covid-19 on global markets and on the economy have been wide-ranging. The pandemic 
led various countries, including Portugal, to declare a state of emergency and to adopt different restrictive 
measures (including constitutional exception measures), such as the imposition of travel restrictions, the 
establishment of quarantines and the temporary shutdown of various institutions and businesses. Although most 
of these measures have been lifted, following significant progress in the rolling out of vaccination programmes 
and a decrease in the severity of Covid-19 cases, several effects of the pandemic are still being felt in the global 
economy, including impacts on supply chains, tourism flows, the labour market and inflation. 
Portugal’s gross domestic product (“GDP”) fell 8.4 per cent. in 2020 and increased 4.9 per cent. in 2021 (Source: 
INE, National Accounts, April 2022). Gross value added in most sectors remained below 2019 levels at the end 
of 2021, including in manufacturing and tourism. In February 2022, the global economy was negatively 
impacted by the start of a military conflict by the Russian Federation (“Russia”) in Ukraine (the “Russia-
Ukraine conflict”), which further disrupted global supply chains and contributed to a significant and 
widespread increase in inflation rates, mainly through an acceleration in energy and food prices. The EU 
imposed economic sanctions on Russia and Belarus, which included a ban on all transactions with the Russian 
Central Bank and the freezing of its assets; the exclusion of major Russian banks from SWIFT; the imposition

--- Page 17 ---
9 
of limits on bank deposits; a ban on Russian investment in EU securities; a ban on exports of aircraft, aircraft 
parts and related equipment to Russia; a ban on sale of equipment and technology related to oil refineries and 
environmental standards; export controls on high tech goods; sanctions on top officials of the Russian state and 
of Russian media companies; and a shutdown of EU airspace to Russian planes and private jets. 
The direct exposure of the Portuguese economy to Russia or Ukraine is not significant. In 2021, Portuguese 
exports of goods to Russia represented 0.3 per cent. of total exports of goods, while imports (75 per cent. of 
which were minerals) represented 1.3 per cent. of total imports of goods (Source: Bank of Portugal, 2022). 
Russian foreign direct investment in Portugal amounted to EUR 305 million, while Portuguese foreign direct 
investment in Russia stood at EUR 20 million in 2021 (Source: Bank of Portugal, 2022). Portuguese exports 
and imports of goods to and from Ukraine represented 0.1 and 0.4 per cent. of total exports and total imports, 
respectively, in 2021, with 60 per cent. of imports related to vegetables, fruits and cereals (Source: Bank of 
Portugal, 2022). The Issuer’s total exposure (customer loans and securities) to Russia, Belarus and Ukraine as 
at 30 June 2022 and 31 December 2021 was €20.7 million and €49.3 million, respectively.  
Energy trade with Russia was not immediately interrupted in Europe but fears of future significant supply 
disruptions translated into a higher risk premia in oil and gas prices. Along with the constraints still felt in 
supply chains, this contributed to a significant rise in inflation. In Portugal, consumer price index (“CPI”) 
inflation rose to 9.1 per cent. year on year in July 2022, with the energy and food components rising 31.2 per 
cent. and 13.2 per cent., respectively (Source: INE, July 2022). In the euro area, CPI inflation rose to 8.6 per 
cent. in June 2022 (Source: Eurostat, June 2022). In this context, several central banks, including the European 
Central Bank (the “ECB”), signalled the need to accelerate the removal of monetary policy stimuli, which led 
to a rise in expectations of market interest rates and to a rise in volatility in financial markets, with increased 
fears of deceleration or contraction in global economic activity. On 21 July 2022, the ECB decided to raise its 
three key interest rates by 50 basis points, a first movement of policy normalisation to make sure inflation 
returns to its 2 per cent. target over the medium term and signalled that further normalisation of interest rates 
would be appropriate. The ECB also approved the new transmission protection instrument for the effective 
transmission of monetary policy.  
In Portugal, GDP growth increased from 1.7 to 2.5 per cent. quarter-on quarter in the first quarter of 2022, and 
from 5.9 to 11.8 per cent. year on year (Source: INE, July 2022), benefiting from favourable base effects, from 
an early removal of Covid-19 constraints and from a recovery in the tourism industry. In the second quarter of 
2022, GDP decreased by 0.2 per cent., driven by a negative contribution of domestic demand, despite a stronger 
contribution of net external demand. The year on year rate of change decreased to 6.9 per cent., partly reflecting 
a base effect, as several measures to mitigate the pandemic were in place in the first quarter of 2021 (Source: 
INE, July 2022). Notwithstanding expectations of slow growth in the remainder of 2022, the Bank of Portugal 
foresees annual GDP growth of approximately 6.3 per cent. in 2022 (Source: Bank of Portugal, Economic 
Bulletin, June 2022), while the European Commission (the “EC”) revised its 2022 growth forecast for Portugal 
from 5.8 to 6.5 per cent. (Source: EC European Economic Forecast, Summer 2022). For 2023, the Bank of 
Portugal sees GDP growth falling to 2.6 per cent. (Source: Bank of Portugal, Economic Bulletin, June 2022) 
and the EC expects the economy to expand 1.9 per cent. 
The International Monetary Fund (the “IMF”) expects the global economy to grow by 3.2 per cent. in 2022 and 
2.9 per cent. in 2023, respectively, down from a 6.1 per cent. expansion in 2021 and a downward revision from 
previous forecasts of 3.6 per cent. for 2022 and for 2023 (Source: World Economic Outlook Update, July 2022). 
For the euro area, the EC foresees GDP growth of 2.6 per cent. in 2022 and 1.4 per cent. in 2023, a downward 
revision from the previous forecasts of 2.7 and 2.3 per cent., respectively (Source: EC European Economic 
Forecast, Summer 2022).

--- Page 18 ---
10 
These forecasts are still uncertain and subject to downside risks, both related to the Covid-19 pandemic and, 
above all, to the conflict in Ukraine. There is a possibility that mutations and new variants of SARS-CoV-2 
might be resistant to current vaccines and lead to increases in new cases and to new lockdowns in the main 
economies worldwide. The People’s Republic of China’s “zero-Covid” policy, which attempts to prevent any 
spread of Covid-19, has contributed to a delay in the normalisation of global supply chains and to a deceleration 
in domestic and global demand. There is also a possibility that an extended conflict in Ukraine contributes to 
more permanent increases in energy and food prices, with a negative impact on global economic activity. Europe, 
in particular, faces the risk of being cut off from the supply of Russian gas and oil. This could create a need to 
ration energy, which would likely lead to a contraction in economic activity.  
Additionally, the ensuing deterioration of the Portuguese economy’s productive capacity could be more 
permanent, particularly in sectors associated with tourism and hospitality, which have been more adversely 
affected by the Covid-19 pandemic.  
Regarding the Covid-19 pandemic, several financial institutions worldwide, including the Issuer, have taken 
unprecedented measures, such as having the vast majority of its employees work remotely or in a hybrid regime. 
New outbreaks of the virus amongst the Issuer’s employees or within its facilities, or any quarantines affecting 
the Issuer’s employees, may reduce the Issuer’s personnel’s ability to carry out their work as usual. Furthermore, 
the Covid-19 pandemic and any potential future outbreaks may also have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s counterparties and/or clients, which could result in increased default risk in the performance of the 
obligations assumed by them and ultimately exposing the Issuer to an increased number of defaults and 
insolvencies amongst its counterparties and/or clients.  
A more persistent and significant increase in energy prices, the need to ration energy consumption and the 
persistence of shortages of materials and intermediate consumptions, in part as a result of the pandemic but 
principally as a result of the conflict in Ukraine, could also have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s clients, 
which could result in increased default risk in the performance of the obligations assumed by them and 
ultimately expose the Issuer to an increased number of defaults and insolvencies amongst its clients.  
Measures implemented by the Portuguese Government in the context of the Covid-19 pandemic may adversely 
affect the Group’s activity. Amongst the measures adopted by the Portuguese Government which could have an 
impact on the Issuer are the moratorium on loan payments (capital and/or interest). See “—Relief measures 
regarding asset quality deterioration and non-performing loans” below for further information. 
Further measures implemented by the Portuguese Government or adopted by the Issuer on its own initiative in 
order to mitigate the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic may affect the Issuer. It is not possible to fully assess all 
measures that will be implemented to contain the effects of the Covid-19 pandemic. 
The Covid-19 pandemic, and any potential future outbreaks, may also have an adverse impact on the real estate 
market, including a decrease in the value of real estate assets, which could negatively affect the Issuer’s pool 
of real estate assets. Temporary measures to curb the Covid-19 pandemic in Portugal included a temporary 
suspension of foreclosures of mortgages over real estate property used for permanent residence. 
Any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects, therefore affecting the Issuer’s ability to make payments under the Notes. 
Temporary framework relating to Covid-19 in Portugal  
Changes in Portuguese legislation regarding banking commissions  
Apart from the temporary framework relating to the Covid-19 pandemic, which approved exceptional and 
temporary measures including prohibition of collecting or increasing certain commissions, new laws have been 
published in relation to how banking operations are carried out in Portugal, notably Law No. 44/2020, of 19

--- Page 19 ---
11 
August, Law No. 53/2020, of 26 August, as rectified, and Law No. 57/2020, of 28 August, introducing 
limitations in relation to the charging of banking commissions in regards to certain banking operations. Other 
laws may be implemented in order to limit or suspend other types of commissions.  
Further limitations or reductions of commissions charged by banks in Portugal may adversely affect the business 
and performance of the Issuer.  
Relief measures regarding asset quality deterioration and non-performing loans 
Amongst the Covid-19 measures adopted by the Portuguese Government which could have an impact on the 
Issuer is a moratorium on loan payments (capital and/or interest), implemented by Decree-Law No. 10-J/2020, 
of 26 March 2020 (last amended by Decree-Law No. 119-A/2021, of 22 December), initially set up until 30 
September 2020 and which has since been extended, first until 31 March 2021, and secondly until 30 September 
2021. However, as of 1 April 2021, except for mortgage loans, consumer credit and for beneficiaries operating 
in sectors which were particularly affected by the Covid-19 pandemic, this only applied to suspension of capital 
payments. Those entities from sectors which were more heavily affected by the Covid-19 pandemic, which are 
identified in Decree-Law No. 10-J/2020, of 26 March 2020, may benefit from an extension of the maturity of 
their loans until 30 September 2022. 
Eligible entities were able to request access to the moratorium until 30 September 2020 (following the approval 
of Decree-Law 26/2020, of 16 June 2020 and Law 27-A/2020 of 27 July 2020) and again between 1 January 
2021 and 31 March 2021 (following the approval of Decree-Law No. 107/2020, of 31 December 2020), with 
those entities requesting access during the latter period benefiting from a maximum moratorium period of 9 
months from their request, even if such period extends beyond 30 September 2021. The moratorium has been 
made available for individuals (in particular, borrowers and entrepreneurs (empresários em nome individual)) 
and companies (except for companies in the financial sector, besides certain third sector entities who can also 
request access), depending on the fulfilment of certain conditions. The moratorium does not provide for a 
cancellation or writing off of any amounts of the affected loans. Decree-Law No. 10-J/2020, of 26 March 2020, 
as amended, also foresees the granting of guarantees by the Portuguese Government, including to non-financial 
corporate entities, subject to certain conditions.  
In this context, the ECB decided to temporarily exercise flexibility in the classification requirements and 
expectations on loss provisioning for non-performing loans (“NPLs”) that are covered by public guarantees and 
Covid-19 related public moratoria.  
In particular, supervisors are temporarily exercising flexibility regarding: (i) the classification of debtors as 
“unlikely to pay” when banks call on public guarantees granted in the context of Covid-19 and (ii) loans under 
Covid-19 related public moratoria. Furthermore, loans which become non-performing and are under public 
guarantees will benefit from preferential prudential treatment in terms of supervisory expectations for loss 
provisioning. Finally, when discussing with banks the implementation of NPL reduction strategies, the 
extraordinary nature of current market conditions will be taken into account.  
In addition, excessive volatility of loan loss provisioning should be addressed to avoid excessive procyclicality 
of regulatory capital and published financial statements. Within its prudential remit, the ECB recommended 
that all banks avoid procyclical assumptions in their models to determine provisions and that banks opt for the 
International Financial Reporting Standard 9, Financial Instruments (“IFRS 9”) transitional rules. 
The implementation of these legal initiatives or other similar/broader initiatives that may arise in the future, and 
whose content is unknown, may impact the Issuer’s business, financial condition, net income, capital and 
prospects.

--- Page 20 ---
12 
Moratoria on loan repayments  
Decree-Law No. 10-J/2020, of 26 March 2020, as amended, establishes extraordinary measures for debt 
protection in the context of the Covid-19 pandemic, which a range of borrowers may access. Moratoria 
measures include: (i) prohibition of revocation of contracted credit lines and granted loans; (ii) extension of 
contracts with capital payments at the end of the contract; (iii) suspension of payments in respect of claims 
which are to be repaid in instalments or in respect of other instalments (and adjustment of the instalments 
calendar accordingly); and (iv) suspension of interest due during the extension period which will be capitalised 
into the value of the loan. Following the approval of Decree-Law No. 78-A/2020, of 29 September 2020, the 
moratorium remained in force until 30 September 2021. However, as of 1 April 2021, except for mortgage loans, 
consumer credit and for beneficiaries operating in sectors which were particularly affected by the Covid-19 
pandemic, this only applies to suspension of capital payments which would otherwise become due. Those 
entities from sectors which were more heavily affected by the Covid-19 pandemic, as identified in Decree-Law 
No. 10-J/2020, of 26 March 2020, may benefit from an extension of the maturity of their loans until 30 
September 2022.  
Eligible entities were able to request access to the moratorium until 30 September 2020 (following the approval 
of Decree-Law 26/2020, of 16 June 2020 and Law 27-A/2020 of 27 July 2020) and again between 1 January 
2021 and 31 March 2021 (following the approval of Decree-Law No. 107/2020, of 31 December 2020), with 
those requesting access during the latter period benefiting from a maximum moratorium period of 9 months 
from their request, even if such period extends beyond 30 September 2021.  
The moratorium regime ended on 31 December 2021. However, for the protection of those who accessed this 
regime, the Portuguese government approved legislation in August (Decree-law no. 70-B/2021, of 6 August 
2021) including several measures. This decree-law establishes the principles and rules to be observed by credit 
institutions in the prevention and regularisation of situations of non-compliance with credit agreements by bank 
customers and creates an extrajudicial support network for these bank customers in the context of regularising 
these situations. To ensure monitoring of customers covered by the banking moratorium and that they benefit 
from additional protection, namely within the scope of the “Action Plan for the Risk of Default” (“PARI”) and 
the “Extrajudicial Procedure for Regularization of Default Situations” (“PERSI”), Decree-Law no. 70-B/2021 
of 6 August 2021 establishes in its Article 5: 
• 
The duty of credit institutions – within the scope of PARI – to assess, within a period of 30 days prior to 
the expiry date of the moratorium, signs of deterioration in the customer’s financial situation, and the 
obligation to submit proposals appropriate to the financial situation, objectives and needs of the 
institutions’ customers with a view to preventing defaults, within 15 days prior to the end of the 
moratorium. 
• 
As for customers covered by the banking moratorium and who have been integrated into the PERSI 
within 90 days following the end of the moratorium, the obligation to maintain the guarantees provided 
for in Decree-Law no. 227/2012, of 25 October 2012, in particular the guarantee against the termination 
of the contract or against the filing of legal actions by the credit institution. 
Regarding loan moratoria, by the end of September 2021, the Issuer had approved operations amounting to 
approximately €5.4 billion. Approximately 73 per cent. of the amount was for companies, 26 per cent. related 
to residential mortgage loans moratorium and the remaining related to consumer loans and other. See also above 
“—Relief measures regarding asset quality deterioration and non-performing loans”.  
Some of the supervisory measures applied by the ECB to banks are temporary in nature (i.e. until further notice), 
creating further uncertainty. The ECB has acknowledged that it will monitor the situation and review this stance

--- Page 21 ---
13 
when the economic and financial distress related to Covid-19 fades. Similarly, the Bank of Portugal has 
highlighted the heightened uncertainty about the magnitude and duration of the Covid-19 pandemic. 
The implementation of these legal initiatives or other similar/broader initiatives that may arise in the future, and 
the content of which is unknown, may impact the Issuer’s business, financial condition, net income, capital and 
prospects (most notably after the end of moratoria when clients will be required to revert to usual payment of 
instalments and the prudential temporary framework for the Issuer will no longer apply).  
Risks relating to the Portuguese economy  
As a financial group whose core business is banking (taking deposits and granting credit) operating mainly in 
Portugal, the Group is dependent on the performance of the Portuguese economy. Moreover, in the last two 
years, the Group registered a stabilisation of the proportion of the business it conducts in Portugal, as it focused 
on its core retail and corporate banking business in Portugal and having divested from its non-core operations 
abroad, including as required by the commitments undertaken by the Portuguese Government towards the EC. 
For more information on such commitments, see the risk factor entitled “—Risks relating to the Issuer’s 
business— The Group is subject to the commitments undertaken by the Portuguese State to the EC, and a failure 
to achieve the commitments may result in the extension of the restructuring period and/or further corrective 
measures being implemented” below. As at 30 June 2022 and 31 December 2021, 94.9 per cent. and 95.6 per 
cent., respectively, of the Group’s consolidated net assets related to its business activities in Portugal. 
Consequently, the business of the Group is particularly exposed to macroeconomic conditions, which affect 
growth in the Portuguese market and in turn are affected by both domestic and international economic and 
political events. Furthermore, because the Group has significant exposure to large corporate and small and 
medium-sized enterprise (“SME”) lending, the performance of which is closely linked to both trends in the 
economy and export activity, the Group could be more heavily affected by macroeconomic conditions in 
Portugal than other Portuguese banks with less exposure to the large corporate and SME segments. 
In 2011, the Economic Adjustment Programme (the “Financial Assistance Programme”) was created by a 
memorandum of understanding on financial assistance with the IMF, the EC and the ECB to address 
deteriorating economic conditions in Portugal stemming from the global financial crisis of 2007/2008. The 
performance of the Portuguese economy between 2011 and 2014 was highly dependent on the implementation 
of the Financial Assistance Programme. The need to reduce the public deficit was addressed by the adoption of 
very restrictive budgetary policies, with negative impacts on economic activity in the near term.  
Economic conditions in Portugal have since then improved, with the Portuguese economy performing strongly 
up until the end of February 2020. However, the economic situation changed dramatically in March 2020, when 
the Covid-19 pandemic hit. Authorities announced containment measures on 12 March 2020 and a state of 
emergency was declared on 18 March 2020, with further restrictions on mobility. The Portuguese Government 
implemented a comprehensive package of measures, addressing the immediate health policy challenges and 
implementing social distancing measures. The package also included measures to counter the negative 
economic impact of Covid-19, e.g. guarantee programmes for affected companies and income support measures.  
Economic activity reversed sharply with those significant disruptions, particularly to the country’s large 
hospitality industry. Tourism was most dramatically affected, with visits collapsing by almost 100 per cent. in 
April 2020 relative to a year earlier. 
With the restrictions starting to ease in May 2020, economic activity gradually increased. However, it remained 
well below the pre-pandemic level, particularly in sectors and businesses that were more exposed to the Covid-
19 pandemic, such as airlines and hotels. In the first quarter of 2021, a new wave of the Covid-19 pandemic – 
which led to a new high in daily new cases of over 16,400 versus a previous peak of 7,500 (Source: DGS, 
Ministry of Health) – forced the imposition of new and stricter lockdown measures, which had a negative effect

--- Page 22 ---
14 
on economic activity. GDP fell 2.9 per cent. quarter-on quarter in the first quarter of 2021, or 5.4 per cent. year 
on year (Source: Statistics Portugal). Eventually, these measures, along with significant progress in the 
vaccination drive, led to a significant decline in the number and in the severity of new Covid-19 cases. The 
removal of most restrictions up to the end of the “state of contingency” in October 2021, allowed for an 
improvement in most indicators of economic activity, sustaining an economic recovery. GDP increased 4.9 per 
cent. in 2021 (Source: Statistics Portugal) and expectations for growth in 2022 stand at 6.3 per cent. for the 
Bank of Portugal and at 6.5 per cent. for the EC (Sources: Bank of Portugal Economic Bulletin, June 2022 and 
EC European Economic Forecast, Summer 2022).  
Significant uncertainties over the short and medium term remain, mainly due to the lingering impact of the 
pandemic on foreign tourism, and to the effects of higher energy prices on domestic and external demand and 
shortages of materials and intermediate consumptions (i.e. the value of goods and services consumed as inputs 
by a process of production) on manufacturing activity. Further waves of infections due to virus mutations, 
leading to a reintroduction of more restrictive measures on activity and/or worsening of the health crisis in other 
European countries and worldwide, would weaken economic activity. Such a scenario would exacerbate 
negative spill overs to the labour market, banking sector and public finances. A further and significant increase 
in energy and non-energy commodity prices, and a sudden cut-off in Russian gas supplies to Europe would 
likely lead to energy rationing and to a contraction in economic activity in the euro area, with negative indirect 
effects on the Portuguese economy. Additionally, a further escalation of tensions between Russia and Europe or 
the US would heighten uncertainty and have negative impacts on financial markets, which could lead to 
negative economic effects and to a rise in risk premia in the euro area periphery sovereign debt. 
The average annual unemployment rate rose from 6.6 per cent. in 2019 to 7.0 per cent. of the labour force in 
2020 due to the impacts from the Covid-19 pandemic. In 2021, the average annual unemployment rate fell again 
to 6.6 per cent. of the labour force (Source: Statistics Portugal). The relatively contained deterioration of the 
labour market as a result of the pandemic can be attributed to government short-term work schemes, such as 
the “temporary layoff” or the “support to the gradual recovery of activity”, which helped offset the shock from 
the Covid-19 pandemic. Many of the job cuts were temporary. The Bank of Portugal and the EC expect an 
average annual unemployment rate of 5.6 and 5.7 per cent. in 2022, respectively. For 2023, the respective 
forecasts estimate 5.4 and 5.5 per cent. (Sources: Bank of Portugal Economic Bulletin, March 2022 and EC 
European Economic Forecast, Spring 2022).  
The economic and social consequences of the Covid-19 pandemic caused a sizeable deterioration in the general 
government balance in 2020, reflecting the operation of the automatic stabilisers and the need for significant 
fiscal policy support. The general government balance fell from 0.1 per cent. to -5.8 per cent. of GDP in 2020 
(Source: Statistics Portugal), with the deterioration driven by increases in most expenditure items (particularly 
subsidies and social transfers), as well as decreases in current revenue reflecting a strong contraction in the 
relevant tax bases. In 2021, the general government balance improved to -2.8 per cent. of GDP (Source: 
Statistics Portugal, March 2022), benefiting from the recovery in economic activity and from the weaker 
impacts from the pandemic. The budget for 2022 presented in April 2022 (the “Budget 2022”) points to a 
general government balance of -1.9 per cent. of GDP (Source: Budget 2022 and Statistics Portugal). Downside 
risks to the budgetary forecast are associated with the uncertainty surrounding the effects of the conflict in 
Ukraine. But these forecasts are also subject to upside risks, given the possibility of stronger-than-expected 
nominal annual GDP growth in 2022, against the backdrop of better-than-expected GDP growth in the first 
quarter of 2022 and in the case of higher-than-expected inflation. The public debt ratio reached 135.2 per cent. 
of GDP in 2020, up from 116.6 per cent. of GDP in 2019, and then fell to 127.4 per cent. of GDP in 2021. The 
Budget 2022 anticipates a further decline this year, to 120.7 per cent. of GDP (Source: Statistics Portugal, 
Budget 2022). Independent of the Covid-19 measures, there were pressures on the expenditure side of the 
Budget 2022, in particular on compensation of employees, as well as on pension and healthcare spending. The

--- Page 23 ---
15 
path of public debt will be highly dependent on the pace of fiscal consolidation and the Portuguese 
Government’s ability to introduce new measures that offset the rising costs of ageing.  
For further details concerning the impacts of the Covid-19 pandemic see the risk factor entitled “—The Group 
is exposed to the adverse consequences of the Covid-19 pandemic and of the military conflict in Ukraine” above. 
Economic growth, the improvement in public accounts and the stabilisation of the banking sector led to 
upgrades in the Portuguese sovereign rating by Fitch Ratings Ltd.(“Fitch”) in December 2017 (from BB+ to 
BBB), with a “stable” outlook from April 2020. In May 2022, the BBB rating was reaffirmed, but the outlook 
was revised to “positive”. Moody’s upgraded the Portuguese sovereign long-term debt rating (from Ba1 to Baa3, 
stable outlook) in October 2018, revising the outlook to “positive” in August 2019. Moody’s rating was again 
upgraded in September 2021 (from Baa3 to Baa2) and the outlook was revised to “stable”. Similarly, S&P 
Global Ratings (“S&P”) upgraded Portugal’s rating from BBB- to BBB (stable outlook) in March 2019 with 
the outlook revised to “positive” in September 2019 and revised again to “stable” in April 2020. The rating and 
outlook from S&P were reaffirmed in September 2021 and in March 2022. In October 2019, DBRS upgraded 
Portugal’s sovereign long-term rating to BBB (high) after having upgraded it from BBB- to BBB in April 2018, 
and having the current “stable” outlook been affirmed in March 2020. DBRS reaffirmed its rating and outlook 
in August 2021 and, in February 2022, revised the outlook to “positive”. With these ratings, Portugal’s sovereign 
debt is considered investment grade by all the main rating agencies.  
With the economy expanding and credit agencies upgrading their rating and/or outlook of Portuguese sovereign 
debt, interest costs have declined. After peaking at 17 per cent. at the beginning of 2012, 10-year interest rates 
on government bonds fell to 0.03 per cent. in December 2020, after increasing over 1 per cent. in late April, 
reflecting some initial uncertainty about the strength of the common response, at the European level, to the 
Covid-19 crisis (Source: Bloomberg). In 2021, 10-year government bond yields increased to 0.465 per cent. by 
the end of the year, with the spread to the Bund yield at approximately the same levels as at the end of 2020: 
64 basis points in December 2021 as compared to 60 basis points in December 2020 (Source: Bloomberg). The 
rise in yields reflected a global trend, associated with the recovery from the pandemic and with the rise in 
inflation, which led the main central banks, including the ECB, to signal a future normalisation of monetary 
policy. The further increase in inflationary pressures in 2022, with the conflict in Ukraine, intensified markets’ 
expectations of policy rate increases. Also, the ECB announced that its pandemic emergency purchase 
programme (“PEPP”) net asset purchases would end in March 2022 and, later, that its net asset purchase 
programme (“APP”) purchases would end in the third quarter of 2022. In this context, the yield on the 10-year 
Portuguese Government bond increased to 2.4 per cent. by early July 2022 (Source: Bloomberg), with the spread 
as compared to the German Bund widening to 110 basis points. This reflected a general increase in risk aversion 
in financial markets, as a result of the uncertainty around the impacts of the conflict in Ukraine, higher inflation 
and the removal of monetary policy stimuli. The increase in sovereign spreads was, nevertheless, lower than in 
other periphery economies, such as Greece and Italy, as the Portuguese economy was not perceived as being in 
the frontline of the impacts of the war. 
Compared with previous years, debt-servicing costs have also been reduced by the ongoing amortisation of 
bonds that were issued at higher interest rates during the financial crisis, as well as by the effect of the APPs 
from the ECB. Additionally, the approval of the EU recovery fund “Next Generation EU” (the “EU Recovery 
Fund”) by the European Council on 21 July 2020 contributed to the perception of lower sovereign debt risks 
in the periphery. With a total size of €750 billion (€390 billion as grants and €360 billion as loans), the EU 
Recovery Fund was perceived as a key step towards deepening European fiscal integration and an important 
instrument to promote a more robust recovery of activity in Europe. Still, a more negative impact on economic 
activity from the conflict in Ukraine and from the energy shock on Europe could lead to a higher-than-expected 
public debt ratio in Portugal, to a weaker-than-expected economic performance and to higher risk aversion in 
markets, which could support a further and more visible widening of sovereign spreads. The Portuguese

--- Page 24 ---
16 
economy continues to be characterised by high levels of public and private debt which, among other factors, 
renders it vulnerable to negative external shocks. A deterioration of investor sentiment associated with political, 
geopolitical and financial market uncertainty could increase volatility in global financial markets and have a 
negative impact on financing conditions. There is a risk that the crisis will lead to severe distortions within the 
single market of the EU and to entrenched economic, financial and social divergences amongst member states 
of the EU (the “EU Member States”) that could ultimately threaten the stability of the EMU. Acknowledging 
this risk, the ECB has announced that it will use flexibility in reinvesting redemptions coming due under the 
PEPP and that it will put in place a new policy instrument aimed at preserving the orderly transmission of its 
monetary policy stance throughout the euro area. This instrument would provide sufficient safeguards to 
preserve a sound fiscal policy. The ECB has also approved the new transmission protection instrument to 
support the effective transmission of monetary policy across all euro area countries. 
Risks to the outlook could also potentially stem from problems with the execution of the European funds 
associated with the Recovery and Resilience Plan (the “RRP”) and from a deterioration in growth expectations. 
The stock of NPLs has consistently declined (from a peak of 17.9 per cent. of total loans in June 2016 to 3.6 
per cent. in the first quarter of 2022 (Source: Bank of Portugal, Portuguese Banking System Statistics). The end 
of the loan moratoria in September 2021, and the gradual retreat of policy support measures associated with the 
Covid-19 pandemic, did not translate into any significant deterioration in credit quality. However, the impacts 
of the energy shock on households and firms, and the negative effects of the pandemic and of the conflict in 
Ukraine, which are still to be seen in full, could lead to a deterioration in credit quality and a rise in the ratio of 
NPLs to total loans, particularly in those sectors which are more energy dependent or lagging in the recovery 
(mainly tourism and hospitality). 
Concerns relating to macroeconomic conditions in Portugal, including regarding Portuguese public finances 
and political and social stability, have affected and may continue to affect the business and results of operations 
of financial institutions in Portugal, including the Issuer and other members of the Group. For example, 
difficulties in achieving further structural fiscal consolidation could prevent further improvements in economic 
conditions. These factors could impair the implementation of certain economic policies, and in turn, could affect 
the long-term growth potential of the Portuguese economy, thereby reducing the prospective profitability of the 
Issuer’s business. All of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects.  
Portugal’s fragile demographics (projected declining and ageing population) and low productivity growth 
exacerbate the growth challenges of the Portuguese economy. Low productivity growth would likely stifle the 
economy’s growth potential, without further improvements in the efficiency of the public administration, 
judiciary, and the business environment, including with respect to barriers in services markets. 
These concerns may result in, among other things, static or worsening economic conditions in Portugal, lower 
market values for Portuguese sovereign debt, limited liquidity in the Portuguese banking system, decreased 
demand for banking products, increased competition for, and thus cost of, customer deposits, limited credit 
extension to customers and a deterioration of credit quality. Macroeconomic conditions also adversely affect 
the behaviour and financial condition of the Group’s customers given, for example, lower demand for credit or 
increased credit risk and defaults, and consequently impact the supply and demand for the products and services 
that the Group offers and therefore overall business volumes and profitability. In particular, and despite the 
economic progress since 2014, the low profitability and the high level of indebtedness of many companies will 
likely continue to have a negative influence on the ability of the Group’s customers to pay back loans, which, 
consequently, could cause an increase in overdue loans and in impairments related to loans and other financial 
assets. The support measures announced by the Portuguese Government in the context of the Covid-19 
pandemic (mainly a sector-wide debt moratorium on interest and principal payments for at least six months), in

--- Page 25 ---
17 
addition to European-level support will underpin banks’ asset quality in the short term and, to a lesser extent, 
revenue generation. However, a longer-than-expected crisis would threaten the banking sector’s viability.  
The macroeconomic factors described above, and their impact on the banking sector in Portugal, could have a 
material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group. 
Risks relating to international economic and financial conditions  
The Group’s businesses and performance are being and may continue to be negatively affected by current 
domestic and global economic conditions and adverse perceptions of those conditions and future economic 
prospects. 
Besides the geopolitical risks described above, external risks include changes in the framework of the EU, or 
uncertainties or consequences arising from the UK’s exit from the EU, including the possibility that other EU 
Member States may seek to leave the EU in the future, or any other significant changes to the structure of the 
EU and/or EMU, as well as the increased shift in the focus of some national governments toward more 
protectionist or restrictive economic and trade policies, which in some cases has led to the imposition of trade 
tariffs. 
Sustainable economic growth in the euro area continues to be a challenge in certain countries, including 
Portugal. Slow economic growth or recession in major EU economies, the restructuring or default by an EU 
Member State on its sovereign debt obligations or withdrawal from the euro area, could significantly increase 
volatility and uncertainty in financial and currency markets. Prolonged political instability in some European 
countries, rising populism and anti-integration movements in Europe could be reflected in a deterioration of 
market sentiment towards Portugal. It is not yet possible to determine the total impact that the UK’s departure 
from the EU and/or any related matters may have on the Group. Furthermore, the departure of the UK from the 
EU may introduce significant new uncertainties and instability in financial markets, as well as political 
instability in Europe, and it may materially affect the economies of countries, including Portugal, which have 
political and economic ties with the UK. For further details see the risk factor entitled “—The UK’s departure 
from the EU could adversely affect the Issuer” below. 
A revaluation in asset prices and a market correction resulting from a stronger and more persistent expected rise 
in inflation and in interest rates could lead to lower confidence levels, negative economic effects and a 
tightening in financing conditions. A trade war which results in a significant increase in policy barriers to trade 
between the EU and other large economies, such as the United States, the UK or the People’s Republic of China, 
could additionally deteriorate the outlook for activity, given the economy’s increased reliance on the external 
sector. Similarly, turbulence that is transmitted across emerging markets could have a negative impact on the 
Portuguese business sector. For example, Brazil and Angola account for over 10 per cent. of the stock of 
Portugal’s outward foreign direct investment. A weaker performance of the European economy could lead to a 
persistence of very low interest rates. The persistence of disruptions in global supply chains and/or a significant 
and lasting increase in energy prices could have a negative impact on business and consumer activity, with 
adverse consequences for growth expectations and for credit quality. 
Adverse economic and market conditions pose various challenges and exert downward pressure on asset prices 
and on credit availability, increase funding costs, and impact credit recovery rates and the credit quality of the 
Group’s businesses, customers and counterparties, including issuers of sovereign debt. In particular, the Group 
has significant exposure to customers and counterparties in the EU (particularly in Portugal) that would be 
affected by the restructuring of the terms, principal, interest or maturity of their borrowings. 
Any significant deterioration in the global economy, including in the credit profiles of other EU Member States 
or in the solvency of Portuguese or international banks, or other economic changes in the euro area could:

--- Page 26 ---
18 
• 
negatively affect the capacity of Portugal to satisfy its financing needs; 
• 
have a material adverse effect on the value of portfolios of sovereign debt securities of peripheral euro 
area countries; 
• 
have a significant adverse effect on the Group’s capacity to raise and/or generate capital and comply 
with minimum regulatory capital requirements; 
• 
significantly restrict the Group’s ability to obtain liquidity; and 
• 
negatively affect the Group’s capital position, its operational results and its financial condition. 
The UK’s departure from the EU could adversely affect the Issuer 
On 23 June 2016, the UK held a referendum on the country’s membership of the EU, according to which the 
UK voters elected to leave the EU (“Brexit”). The UK formally left the EU on 31 January 2020. The terms of 
the new trade relationship were negotiated in December 2020. Since then, British and EU exporters have faced 
increased difficulties related to regulatory red tape and border disruptions. The EU-UK agreement is also under 
pressure, given difficulties in executing the terms related to Northern Ireland. Uncertainty related to these issues 
could create difficulties for Portuguese exporters. The EU and the UK have reached a post-Brexit deal on 
financial services, but this has yet to be ratified. Failure to implement this agreement could hamper access to 
financial market infrastructures, the ability to perform contractual obligations under existing contracts and 
access to funding markets. 
Given the current uncertainties and the range of possible outcomes, no assurance can be given in relation to the 
possible impact of any of the matters described above. Neither can there be any assurance that such matters 
would not adversely affect the Issuer and/or its ability to satisfy its obligations, including under the Notes. 
Portugal may be subject to rating downgrades  
Rating agencies S&P, Moody’s, Fitch and DBRS have downgraded the long-and short-term ratings and outlook 
of Portugal on several occasions since 2010 due to the uncertainties and risks of a prolonged recession, the 
outlook for modest GDP growth, high levels of unemployment, limited fiscal flexibility, the high leverage of 
the private sector and the level of sustainability of Portugal’s public debt. Portugal’s small and open economy, 
with its high dependence on tourism, is exposed to downside risks from the severity of the Covid-19 pandemic, 
particularly if the country’s lockdown persists for a prolonged period. 
The ability to use Portuguese public debt as an asset eligible for collateral for financing with the ECB will 
depend on the maintenance of an “investment grade” rating by at least one rating agency recognised by the 
ECB. The non-eligibility for the ECB could have a material and negative impact on the market value, cost of 
funding and overall demand for Portuguese public debt.  
A credit rating downgrade may occur in the future due to a number of factors, such as lower-than-expected tax 
revenue, weaker-than-expected economic growth, increased public debt as a percentage of GDP, slowdown in 
corporate sector deleveraging, failure to reduce general public debt, failure to increase GDP ratios, limited 
access to international financial markets or the failure of structural reforms. Any downgrade in the ratings of 
Portugal’s sovereign debt or other negative statements regarding its credit ratings could negatively impact 
funding conditions for the Issuer, and, as a result, materially and adversely affect the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations.

--- Page 27 ---
19 
B.  Risks relating to the Issuer’s business 
The Group is exposed to significant credit risk  
The Group is exposed to credit risk, meaning the risk that the Group’s borrowers and other counterparties are 
unable to fulfil their payment obligations and that the collateral securing payments of these obligations is 
insufficient. Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Group’s borrowers and counterparties, a general 
deterioration in Portuguese or global economic conditions or increased systemic risks in financial systems could 
affect the recovery and value of the Group’s assets and require an increase in provisions for bad and doubtful 
debts and other credit losses. 
The following indicators characterised the Group’s credit risk exposure as at 30 June 2022 and 31 December 
2021: 
• 
the ratio of overdue loans greater than 90 days to gross loans (overdue loans > 90 days/gross loans) 
was 1.3 per cent., compared to 1.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2021, with a coverage ratio (the ratio 
of provisions to overdue loans > 90 days) of 380.2 per cent. (430.2 per cent. as at 31 December 2021). 
As at 30 June 2021 the ratio of overdue loans greater than 90 days to gross loans was 2.3 per cent. with 
a coverage ratio of 255.6 per cent.; and 
• 
the ratio of NPLs was 5.4 per cent., compared to 5.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2021, with a coverage 
ratio of 73.0 per cent. (71.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2021). As at 30 June 2021 the ratio of NPLs 
was 7.3 per cent. with a coverage ratio of 78.4 per cent. 
The Group is exposed to many different counterparties in the normal course of its business, but its exposure to 
counterparties in the financial services industry is also significant. This exposure can arise through trading, 
lending, deposit taking, clearance and settlement and numerous other activities and relationships. These 
counterparties include institutional clients, brokers and dealers, commercial banks and investment banks. Many 
of these relationships expose the Group to credit risk in the event of default of a counterparty or client. In 
addition, the Group’s credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral it holds cannot be realised at, or is 
liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover, the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure it is due to cover. 
Many of the hedging and other risk management strategies used by the Group also involve transactions with 
financial services counterparties. The insolvency of these counterparties may impair the effectiveness of the 
Group’s hedging and other risk management strategies, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s financial condition and results of operations. 
Macroeconomic conditions have a significant influence on credit risk, as in an economic downturn more 
customers tend to fall into default, which is magnified for the Group as a result of its significant exposure to 
corporate and SME customers. In the context of continued weak economic conditions, loans to corporates and 
individuals and the value of assets collateralising the Group’s loans remain under pressure. Failure by the Group 
to adequately manage its credit risk could materially and adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and 
results of operations. 
Moreover, payment defaults may arise from events and circumstances that are unforeseeable or difficult to 
predict or detect. In addition, the collateral and security provided to the Group may be insufficient to cover the 
exposure, for example, as a result of sudden market declines that reduce the value of the collateral. Accordingly, 
if a major client or other significant counterparty were to default on its obligations, it could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition and results of operations. 
The impact of Covid-19 on global markets has been wide-ranging, with increasing short-term volatility and a 
contraction in activity in the main economies worldwide. The pandemic has led various countries, including 
Portugal, to declare a state of emergency and to adopt different restrictive measures (including constitutional

--- Page 28 ---
20 
exception measures), such as the imposition of travel restrictions, the establishment of quarantines and the 
temporary shutdown of various institutions and businesses. Although the full implications of the Covid-19 
pandemic cannot be entirely determined yet, the pandemic has had a material adverse impact on the Portuguese 
economy and on the Portuguese market. The risk of a new wave is tangible until the pandemic comes to an end. 
Thus, the Covid-19 pandemic may have still a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer’s customers 
to fulfil their obligations, as well as on the value of the collateral securing their payment obligations, thereby 
increasing the Issuer’s exposure to credit risk and cost of risk, especially on the industry sectors that are being 
most affected, such as tourism, restaurants, entertainment and others. For further details on the impacts of the 
Covid-19 pandemic, see the risk factor entitled “—The Group is exposed to the adverse consequences of the 
Covid-19 pandemic and of the military conflict in Ukraine” above. 
Expectations about future credit losses may be incorrect for a variety of reasons. A prolonged decline in general 
economic conditions, particularly of those in Portugal, unanticipated political events, a lack of liquidity in the 
economy or a sharp increase in interest rates may result in losses which exceed the amount of the Group’s 
provisions or the maximum probable losses envisaged by its risk management models.  
An increase in the Group’s provisions for loan losses or any losses in excess of the provisions mentioned above 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group is exposed to fluctuations in the value of Portuguese real estate  
The Group is exposed to fluctuations in the value of Portuguese real estate, both directly through assets related 
to its operations or obtained in lieu of payment, or indirectly, through real estate that secures loans or by 
financing real estate projects. The Group’s real estate assets registered as investment properties amounted to 
€0.7 billion as at 30 June 2022 and €0.6 billion as at 31 December 2021, and the real estate assets registered as 
other assets amounted to €0.5 billion as at 30 June 2022 (net of impairment amounted to €196 million) and €0.6 
billion as at 31 December 2021 (net of impairment amounted to €199 million). Until June 2022, the Group 
recognised a profit of €89.1 million related to investment properties. During 2021, the Group recognised a profit 
of €31.2 million, related to the fair value of investment properties. Concerning the real estate registered in other 
assets, the impairment charge of 30 June 2022 and during 2021 amounted to €3.5 million and €16.2 million, 
respectively. The Group is also exposed to the real estate market through holdings of real estate restructuring 
funds (funds managed by external parties which were established by the Portuguese banking system to deal 
with the financial recovery of companies which were in financial stress), and some minor stakes in real estate 
funds held in securities portfolios. A decrease in the value of Portuguese real estate market prices would 
decrease the value of the real estate assets held by the Issuer, directly or indirectly, as well as of the collateral 
provided with respect to such loans, thus adversely affecting the financial condition and results of the operations 
of the Group. 
Pursuant to the General Framework for Credit Institutions and Financial Companies (Regime Geral das 
Instituções de Crédito e Sociedades Financeiras), established by Decree-Law No. 298/92 of December 1992, 
as amended (the “RGICSF”), banks are prevented, unless authorised by the Bank of Portugal, from acquiring 
real estate that is not essential to their daily operations or their corporate purpose. However, a bank may acquire 
real estate in the context of credit recovery and for repayment of its own credit, provided that such real estate 
is disposed of within two years from its acquisition date. This two-year period may be extended by the Bank of 
Portugal. Despite the intention to sell real estate acquired in repayment of its own credit, the Group regularly 
requests the Bank of Portugal’s authorisation, under Article 114 of RGICSF, to extend the time period the Group 
has to hold foreclosed assets. However, there is no assurance that the Bank of Portugal will continue to grant 
such extensions, and any failure to do so could result in the Group being required to dispose of assets at a 
potentially significant discount in relation to their respective book values. Furthermore, any significant 
devaluation of Portuguese real estate market prices while these assets are held by the Group may result in

--- Page 29 ---
21 
impairment losses on such assets. As a result of any or all of these factors, the financial condition and results of 
operations of the Group could be adversely impacted.  
Furthermore, as at 30 June 2022 and 31 December 2021, 38.5 per cent. and 39.4 per cent. of the Group’s loans 
and advances to customers consisted of mortgage loans, respectively. While the Group has experienced a 
relatively low level of defaults in these types of loans, a decrease in house prices, which can happen at any time 
in the future, could negatively affect the recovery value of the loans and/or increase the Group’s impairment 
charges or capital requirements, as they depend, among others, on the loan to value ratio (which would increase 
in such circumstances).  
The Group’s loans and advances to customers in the real estate sector represented 6.6 per cent. of all its loans 
and advances to customers as at 30 June 2022 (6.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2021). If the real estate sector 
faces economic or other difficulties, this could also negatively impact the recovery value of the loans or increase 
the impairment charge or capital requirements. Any such changes could negatively affect the financial condition, 
results of operations and capital position of the Group. 
The risk of devaluation of Portuguese real estate prices increased during the Covid-19 pandemic, including as 
a result of the decrease in occupancy rates that have been reported in the tourism sector, and more recently with 
the Russia-Ukraine conflict and market expectation of a significant increase in interest rates. These risks are 
related to a decrease in economic activity in general and a reduction in the market’s ability to transact these 
assets. A decrease in the value of Portuguese real estate market prices would decrease the value of the real estate 
assets held by the Issuer, directly or indirectly, as well as of the collateral provided with respect to such loans, 
thus adversely affecting the financial condition and results of the operations of the Group. For further details 
on the impacts, see the risk factor entitled “—Risks relating to the economic and financial environment—The 
Group is exposed to the adverse consequences of the Covid-19 pandemic and of the military conflict in Ukraine”. 
Changes in interest rates may adversely affect the Group’s net interest margin and results of 
operations 
The Group is subject to interest rate risk. As is the case with other banks in Portugal, the Issuer and the Group 
are particularly exposed to differentials between the interest rates payable by it on deposits and the interest rates 
that it is able to charge on loans to customers and other banks. This exposure is increased by the fact that, in the 
Portuguese market, loans typically have floating interest rates, whereas the interest rates applicable to deposits 
are usually fixed for periods that may vary between three months and three years. As a result, Portuguese banks, 
including the Issuer, frequently experience difficulties in adjusting the interest rates that they pay for deposits 
in line with market interest rate changes. This trend is reinforced by the current historically low interest rates 
that put pressure on the Issuer’s interest margin, which is crucial for the Issuer’s profitability.  
Interest rates are sensitive to several factors that are out of the Group’s control, including tax and monetary 
policies of governments and central banks, as well as domestic and international political conditions. Changes 
in market interest rates can affect the interest rates that the Group receives on its interest-earning assets in a 
different way when compared to the rates that the Group pays for its interest-bearing liabilities. This difference 
may reduce the net interest margin, which could have an adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations. 
In addition, various factors could require the Group to lower the rates that it charges on loans or to increase the 
rates that it pays on deposits, including reputational risks, changing demand for fixed-rate and floating-rate 
loans, increased inflation, and changes in the EURIBOR interest rate, changes on international interbank 
markets or increased competition. Any of the factors described may reduce the rate that the Group may charge 
on loans and other interest earning assets and, to the extent that the Group is unable to achieve corresponding 
reductions in the rates it pays on deposits and other interest-bearing liabilities, including if the Group’s 
monitoring procedures are unable to manage adequately interest rate risk, could negatively impact the Group’s

--- Page 30 ---
22 
net interest margin as well as the Group’s net interest income. Lower rates and reduced margins may also result 
from changes in the composition of the Group’s loan portfolio, such as increases in the proportion of lower-rate 
loan products, or a preference from depositors for savings and term accounts which usually pay a higher interest 
rate than on-site deposits which bear low or no interest rate. 
Inflationary pressures have significantly increased since 2021 and especially in 2022 with the Russia-Ukraine 
conflict. In this context, several central banks, including the ECB, signalled the need to accelerate the removal 
of monetary policy stimuli. In addition to the high volatility in the interest rate markets and in financial markets 
globally, with a general rise in risk premia, the perspective of a sharp increase in interest rates have also 
generated fears of deceleration or even contraction in global economic activity. 
A rise in interest rates could reduce customer demand for credit, which in turn could reduce the Group’s ability 
to originate credit for its customers, as well as contribute to an increase in the default rate of its customers. 
Conversely, a reduction in the level of interest rates may adversely affect the Group through, among other things, 
a lower interest margin, a decrease in demand for deposits and an increase in competition in deposit taking and 
lending to customers. As a result of these factors, significant changes or volatility in interest rates could have a 
material adverse impact on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Group. 
Concentration risk in credit exposures 
The Group is subject to a concentration of credit risk in particular industries, countries, counterparties, 
borrowers, issuers and customers. The Group’s loans and advances to customers, which comprised a net amount 
of 53.4 per cent. of the Group’s assets as at 30 June 2022 (53.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2021), had significant 
exposure with respect to the services sector and real estate activities, which represented 11.7 per cent. and 6.6 
per cent., respectively, of its loans and advances to customers as at 30 June 2022 (12.2 per cent. and 6.7 per 
cent., respectively, as at 31 December 2021). Macroeconomic downturn or deterioration in real estate values, 
adverse business conditions, market disruptions or greater volatility in those industries as a result of lower prices 
in such industries or other factors could result in significant credit losses for the Group. See also the risk factor 
entitled “—The Group is exposed to fluctuations in the value of Portuguese real estate”.  
Additionally, the Group is exposed to risks arising from the high concentration of individual exposures in its 
loan portfolio, with the 10 largest loan exposures of the Group as at 30 June 2022 representing 9.1 per cent. of 
the total loan portfolio (gross) (9.9 per cent. as at 31 December 2021). See also the risk factor entitled “—The 
Group is exposed to significant credit risk”. 
The Group’s business is subject to operational and cybercrime risks 
The Group is subject to certain operational risks, including interruption of service, errors, fraud by third parties 
(including large-scale organised fraud, as a result of the Group’s financial operations), fraud by the Group’s 
own employees or management, breach or delays in the provision of services, breach of confidentiality 
obligations with regards to customer information and compliance with risk management requirements. 
Additionally, the Group’s businesses and its ability to remain competitive depend on the ability to process a 
large number of transactions efficiently and accurately, and on the Group’s ability to rely on its digital 
technologies, computer and email services, software and networks, as well as on the secure processing, storage 
and transmission of confidential and other information in the Group’s computer systems and networks. Losses 
can result from inadequate personnel, inadequate or failed internal control processes and systems, or from 
external events that interrupt normal business operations. The Group cannot guarantee that its systems, software 
and networks are invulnerable to unauthorised access, misuse, computer viruses or other malicious code, and 
other events that could have an impact on security levels. An interception, misuse or mishandling of personal, 
confidential or proprietary information sent to or received from a client, vendor, service provider, counterparty 
or third party could result in legal liability, regulatory action and reputational harm. There can be no assurances

--- Page 31 ---
23 
that the Group will not suffer material losses from operational risk in the future, including that relating to cyber-
attacks or other such security breaches. Furthermore, as cyber-attacks continue to evolve, the Group may incur 
significant costs in its attempt to modify or enhance its protective measures or to investigate or remediate any 
vulnerabilities. There is a risk that cyber-security risk is not adequately managed or, even if adequately managed, 
a cyber-attack could take place, which could lead to breach of regulations, investigations and administrative 
enforcement by supervisory authorities in claims that may materially and adversely affect the Group’s business, 
reputation, results of operations, financial condition, prospects and its position in legal proceedings. 
The Group may be unable to successfully monitor or prevent all or part of these risks in the future. Any failure 
to successfully execute the Group’s operational risk management and control policies could result in 
reputational damage and/or have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition and results of 
operations.  
The Issuer’s activity is subject to reputational risks 
The Issuer is exposed to reputational risks understood as the probability of negative impacts for the Issuer 
resulting from an unfavourable perception of its public image, whether proven or not, among customers, 
suppliers, analysts, employees, investors, media and any other bodies with which the Issuer may be related, or 
even public opinion in general.  
On 11 February 2020, Novo Banco, S.A. - Spanish Branch was informed by a former employee that he had 
performed several allegedly fraudulent acts involving several clients, relating to the management of a client 
portfolio of a given agency of the Spanish Branch, outside the scope of and in non-compliance with the internal 
procedures defined by the Issuer. The quantification of the potential damages and identification of customers 
that may be at stake are still in progress and therefore the effects or the amounts that could potentially be at 
stake and the potential liability of the Issuer is, for the moment, unable to be finally determined. Nevertheless, 
according to the Issuer’s current assessment, supported by legal and forensic analysis, the Issuer has booked a 
provision of €19.5 million for these claims. In any case, this may result in reputational risk to the Issuer.  
The Issuer is subject to continuous political and public scrutiny (including, but not limited to) in relation to its 
incorporation and the Lone Star Sale (as defined below), in particular the existence of the CCA (defined below) 
and its functioning, which have led to a number of political initiatives, including two audits from the Court of 
Auditors (Tribunal de Contas) at the request of the Portuguese Parliament, and the creation of a Parliamentary 
Inquiry Commission (Comissão Eventual de Inquérito Parlamentar às perdas registadas pelo novobanco e 
imputadas ao Fundo de Resolução). See the risk factor below entitled “—The Resolution Fund may fail to make 
or be prevented from making payments under the Contingent Capital Agreement”. In addition, as a result of the 
rules introduced by Law No. 15/2019 of 12 February, on transparency of information concerning granting of 
credits of significant value, some independent audits of the Issuer have and may continue to be performed in 
the future.  
The occurrence of any or several events or circumstances, including, but not limited to as the ones described 
above, that have a negative impact on the Issuer’s reputation could materially adversely affect the Issuer’s 
business activities, financial condition and results of operations. See also the risk factor entitled “—The Group’s 
business is subject to operational and cybercrime risks”. 
The Resolution Fund may fail to make or be prevented from making payments under the Contingent 
Capital Agreement 
As part of the conditions of the sale of 75 per cent. of the share capital of the Issuer to Lone Star agreed in 
March 2017 and completed in October 2017 (the “Lone Star Sale”), the Portuguese resolution fund, a public 
law legal entity created in 2012 pursuant to RGICSF (as defined below), with the goal to provide financial 
support to resolution measures applied by the Bank of Portugal, in its capacity as national resolution authority

--- Page 32 ---
24 
(the “Resolution Fund”) and the Issuer have entered into the Contingent Capital Agreement (the “CCA”). 
Currently there are legal proceedings filed in the Portuguese courts challenging the validity of the CCA and of 
the obligations of the Resolution Fund in connection with it. Any court decision that considers the CCA illegal, 
void or otherwise invalid, in whole or in part, or that prevents the Resolution Fund from making any payments 
under the CCA may have a significant effect on the Group and its financial position, including as a result of any 
required repayment of funds already disbursed under the CCA. For further details on proceedings relating to 
the sale of the Issuer, see “—Legal and regulatory risks—Risks relating to legal proceedings—Proceedings 
relating to the sale of the Issuer” and “Description of the Issuer and of the Group—Legal, Administrative and 
Arbitration Proceedings—Proceedings relating to the sale of the Issuer”. 
Additionally, uncertainties remain as to the potential liabilities to which the Resolution Fund may be subject 
and the indemnification mechanism established in connection with the Lone Star Sale (the “Indemnification 
Mechanism”), in the event any of the resolution measure-related litigation contingencies materialise and the 
Resolution Fund is considered liable, this may have a significant impact on the Resolution Fund’s financial 
resources and increase the risk that it has insufficient funds to comply with its obligations under the CCA, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer and its financial position. See also “—The Group is subject 
to the commitments undertaken by the Portuguese State to the EC, and a failure to achieve the commitments 
may result in the extension of the restructuring period and/or further corrective measures being implemented” 
below. 
The amount related to the CCA recorded in the 2020 accounts, as receivable by the Resolution Fund (€598 
million), differs from the amount paid as a result of differences between novobanco and the Resolution Fund, 
regarding (i) the provision for discontinued operations in Spain (in the amount of €147 million) and (ii) the 
valuation of participation units (in the amount of €18 million), leading to a limitation to the immediate access 
to this amount, which despite being recorded as receivables, was deducted, as at 31 December 2021, from the 
regulatory capital calculation (€165 million). Additionally, the variable remuneration of the Executive Board of 
Directors awarded (but not paid) in respect of 2019 and 2020 (€4 million) was also deducted. 
In connection with the CCA there was an ongoing dispute in arbitration regarding the implementation of IFRS9 
from the phase-in to the fully-loaded regime and the impact of such implementation in the calculation of the 
amount due by the Resolution Fund under the CCA for 2019 financial year.  
On 3 November 2021, the Issuer was informed that the arbitration proceeding was decided by the Arbitral 
Tribunal to its disadvantage and thus the transitional arrangement of IFRS 9 will be in place until 31 December 
2022. Annulment proceedings of the decision of the Arbitral Tribunal were submitted by the Issuer in April 
2022 and the decision is still pending. 
Additionally, the Issuer requested the ECB's authorisation to apply the transitional arrangements (IFRS 9 
dynamic approach), subject to arbitration, in the context of the Issuer and the Resolution Fund having 
recognised another divergence regarding the application of such regime. 
In addition, on 7 December 2021, the Issuer disclosed to the market that it has received a letter from the Joint 
Supervisory Team (the “JST”) noting that the claims under the CCA should only be recognised as Common 
Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”), for the purpose of the own funds’ calculation, once such payment occurs. The 
determination described above applies from the fourth quarter of the 2021 financial year onwards, thus changing 
the prudential treatment of the CCA. As a result of the new prudential treatment of the CCA, and despite the 
CCA still being valid and in place, the Issuer may not be able to comply with the regulatory capital ratios in the 
future. If the Issuer is required to raise further capital but is unable to do so or to do so on acceptable terms, the 
Issuer may be required to take further measures, which may not occur or be completed in a timely manner or 
achieve prices which will not be attractive to the Issuer.

--- Page 33 ---
25 
With respect to the 2021 financial year, the Issuer requested a payment in the amount of €209 million. As a 
result of the above and in line with the JST’s instructions, this amount was not included in its regulatory capital 
calculation. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the payment is still pending. 
There can be no assurance that the Issuer will receive all or any of the amounts that were not paid and that are 
or may be under dispute and that the Resolution Fund will be willing or able to make such payments.  
Additionally, the continuous political and public scrutiny in relation to the CCA payments have had and are 
likely to continue to have a negative impact on the reputation and market perception of the Issuer and its 
business. Any of the events described above, if materialised, could have a material adverse effect on the Group 
and its financial position. 
The Group is subject to the commitments undertaken by the Portuguese State to the EC, and a 
failure to achieve the commitments may result in the extension of the restructuring period and/or 
further corrective measures being implemented 
In connection with the state aid granted in the context of the application of a resolution measure by the Bank of 
Portugal to Banco Espírito Santo, S.A. (“BES”), on 3 August 2014 (as amended and supplemented by related 
decisions, including by Bank of Portugal’s decisions of 29 December 2015 (the “Decisions of 29 December 
2015”) and Bank of Portugal’s decision of 29 December 2015 on the retransfer of senior bonds back to BES 
(the “Decision of 29 December 2015 on Retransfer”, the “Resolution Measure”) and of the incorporation of 
the Issuer in 2014, the Portuguese State undertook certain commitments towards the EC, including a 
commitment to sell the Issuer within two years of its incorporation. In December 2015, the EC agreed to extend 
the deadline for the sale of the Issuer by one year, based on a revised set of commitments agreed with the 
Portuguese Government. These commitments were superseded by a new set of commitments agreed in October 
2017 (the “Commitments”), in connection with the Lone Star Sale. 
The Commitments were approved by the EC on 11 October 2017 to be in place until 31 December 2021 (the 
“Restructuring Period”), unless otherwise specified in such Commitments, and include: (i) the requirement to 
sell businesses and operations which are not considered to form part of the Group’s core unit, through 
divestment, liquidation or winding down, (ii) the establishment of certain operational and profitability indicators 
and (iii) other behavioural commitments relating to its risk management, caps on remuneration, acquisition and 
dividend prohibitions and governance.  
Concerning the two remaining viability financial indicators for 2021 of pre-provision income and cost-to-
income, although not reaching its 2021 targets set in the Commitments, the Bank considers that all the 
Commitments should be considered fulfilled based on the key assumptions that underpinned the agreed business 
plans from 2017 to 2021 (including the evolution of interest rates and the economic effects of the Covid-19 
pandemic). The Bank remains under the Restructuring Period until the Directorate-General for Competition (the 
“DGCOMP”) completes its assessment of the fulfilment of the Commitments. Such assessment is underway, 
and DGCOMP may have a different opinion and may determine the application of certain measures, such as 
the extension of the Restructuring Period.  
Non-compliance with the viability Commitments may result in an extension of the restructuring period and/or 
trigger additional restrictive measures, including a further reduction in the number of branches and/or 
employees. Although the Issuer has already reduced the number of branches and staff well above the current 
requirements, it might still face a negative impact for breaching such commitments. See also “Description of 
the Issuer and of the Group—European Commission Commitments”. 
The extension of the restructuring period and/or any further restrictive measures could materially and adversely 
impact the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group.

--- Page 34 ---
26 
The Group is subject to liquidity risk, including that arising from its dependence on customer 
deposits as a principal source of funding 
Liquidity risk arises from the present or future inability to pay liabilities as they become due. The Issuer, 
principally by virtue of its business of providing long-term loans and receiving short-term deposits, is subject 
to liquidity risk. 
The ongoing availability of customer deposits to fund the Group business is subject to a variety of factors, such 
as depositors’ concerns relating to the Portuguese economy in general, the financial services industry or the 
Group specifically, economic conditions in Portugal impacting the availability of funds for deposits, the 
availability and extent of deposit guarantees and the existence of alternative and competitive savings products. 
Customer deposits, consisting of repayable on demand deposits, time deposits and savings accounts are the 
principal source of funding for the Group, and accounted for 67.2 per cent. and 65.9 per cent. of total liabilities 
as at 30 June 2022 and 31 December 2021, respectively.  
If the Group’s depositors withdraw their funds at a rate faster than borrowers repay their loans, or if the Group 
is unable to obtain the necessary liquidity by other means, the Group may be unable to maintain its current 
levels of liquidity. If additional liquidity was needed, the Group could be required to obtain additional funding 
at significantly higher funding costs, liquidate certain of its assets, increase its central bank funding through 
monetary policy operations of the ECB or ultimately, as a last resort, the Issuer may seek Emergency Liquidity 
Assistance (“ELA”) provided by the Bank of Portugal, as Portugal’s Eurosystem National Central Bank (the 
“National Central Bank”) (which allows for the support of solvent financial institutions facing temporary 
liquidity problems under exceptional terms). In the past the Issuer has experienced pressure on its customer 
deposits following public announcements or other relevant developments about its financial position or 
prospects and resorted to emergency liquidity assistance(“ELA”) funding in 2014. 
The Issuer may experience again in the future pressure on its customer deposits. Unusually high levels of 
withdrawals could result in the Issuer or another member of the Group not being in a position to continue 
operations without additional funding support, which may be more costly or ultimately unavailable to the Issuer. 
The Group’s inability to attract customer deposits may impact the Group’s ability to fund its operations and 
meet its minimum liquidity requirements (notwithstanding the availability of ELA funds under certain 
circumstances) and have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations.  
The Group’s liquidity could also be impaired by other limitations on its ability to raise liquidity when required, 
such as an inability to access wholesale funding, an inability to sell assets or redeem its investments, or to do 
so at an acceptable value, and other unexpected outflows of cash or collateral deterioration. These situations 
may arise due to factors such as a deterioration of risk perception of the Group or to circumstances that the 
Group is unable to control, such as continued general market disruption, loss of confidence in financial markets, 
uncertainty and speculation regarding the solvency of market participants, credit rating downgrades or 
operational problems that affect third parties.  
As a result of the Covid-19 pandemic and, more recently, the removal of monetary stimuli from the main central 
banks and the Russia-Ukraine conflict, financial markets’ experience extreme volatility. Given the geopolitical 
uncertainty, rising inflation and monetary policy tightening from central banks, the risks of an overall slowdown 
of the world’s main economies are high and financial markets are expected to remain very unstable. For further 
details, see the risk factor above entitled “—Risks relating to the Issuer—Risks relating to the economic and 
financial environment—The Group is exposed to the adverse consequences of the Covid-19 pandemic and of 
the military conflict in Ukraine”. 
The Issuer has had limited access to the interbank markets, international capital markets and wholesale funding 
markets more generally since its establishment. A perception among market participants that a financial

--- Page 35 ---
27 
institution is experiencing constrained liquidity risk can adversely impact the institution. Circumstances in 
which the Group could find its liquidity further impaired include the following: 
• 
Increased difficulty in selling the Group’s assets, particularly if other participants in distressed 
situations are seeking to sell similar assets or because the market value of assets, including financial 
instruments underlying derivative transactions, has become difficult to ascertain, which has occurred 
in the past and may occur again. 
• 
Financial institutions with which the Group interacts may exercise set-off rights or the right to require 
additional collateral. 
• 
Customers with whom the Group has outstanding but undrawn lending commitments may draw down 
an amount on these credit lines that is higher than the Group is anticipating. 
• 
The Group’s liquidity position relies largely on its ability to raise funds on open market operations 
with the ECB. If the ECB were to suspend or materially change the terms under which it provides such 
funding, including to the collateral eligibility criteria, and if no similar source of financing were to 
exist in the market, this could severely impede the Group’s ability to manage a period of liquidity 
stress. For further details, see the risk factor entitled “The Group is dependent on the ECB for access 
to funding, which is subject to certain conditions and risks”. 
• 
An increase in interest rates and/or credit spreads, including as a result of concerns relating to the 
Group, such as the need to raise additional capital, as well as any restriction on the availability of 
funding, including, but not limited to, inter-bank funding, could impact the Group’s ability to borrow 
on a secured or unsecured basis, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s liquidity 
and results of operations.  
Any or all of these events could cause the Group to curtail its business activities and could increase its cost of 
funding, both of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business and results of operations. 
The Group is exposed to the general risk of liquidity shortfalls and cannot ensure that the procedures in place 
to manage such risks will be suitable to eliminate liquidity risk. 
As at 30 June 2022, the liquidity coverage ratio (“LCR”) and net stable funding ratio (“NSFR”) stood at 186 
per cent. and 106 per cent., respectively (182 per cent. and 117 per cent. as at 31 December 2021, respectively). 
There is no assurance that the Issuer will always be able to comply with these requirements, particularly in 
relation to the regulatory liquidity ratios LCR and NSFR, or any other requirements that may be introduced in 
the future. 
The Group is dependent on the ECB for access to funding, which is subject to certain conditions and 
risks 
The Group’s access to capital markets has been very limited since its establishment. As a result, in addition to 
deposits, the Group has made significant use of funding from the ECB. The ECB, which currently makes 
funding available to European banks that satisfy certain conditions including pledging eligible collateral, was a 
major funding source for the majority of Portuguese banks during the financial crisis and the European 
sovereign debt crisis. The Group had €2.2 billion net exposure with the ECB as at 30 June 2022 and €2.7 billion 
as at 31 December 2021. Gross ECB funding remained stable at €8.0 billion as at 30 June 2022 and as at 31 
December 2021 respectively.  
The assets of the Group that are eligible as collateral for rediscount (liquidity facilities) with the ECB have been 
materially reduced in the past as a result of loss of eligibility due to changes in the eligibility criteria or changes 
in credit ratings, and could be materially reduced in the future as a result of price devaluations or changes in

--- Page 36 ---
28 
ECB rules relating to collateral, including increases in haircuts following credit downgrades or the loss of 
eligibility of certain assets, including those that benefit from measures implemented by the ECB to support 
liquidity, including the acceptance of additional credit claims. Additionally, downgrades of the credit rating of 
Portugal or other European sovereigns or of Portuguese companies could result in an increase in haircuts applied 
to any eligible collateral or in the non-eligibility of such assets, thereby further decreasing the total amount of 
the Group’s eligible portfolio. The continuing eligibility of Portuguese public debt as an eligible asset depends 
on the maintenance of an “investment grade” rating by at least one rating agency recognised by the ECB. A 
reduction of the pool of eligible assets and the increased difficulty in managing eligible assets to compensate 
for such loss of eligibility could have a negative impact on liquidity and the Issuer’s ability to comply with 
liquidity regulatory ratios, requiring the Group to find alternative funding sources, which may have a negative 
impact on the Group’s business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, if the value of the 
Group’s assets eligible as collateral for the ECB declines, the amount of funding the Group can obtain from the 
ECB will be correspondingly reduced. 
Although the monetary policy followed by the ECB in past years has contributed to improving the liquidity 
conditions of European banks (namely (i) the interest rate reduction on the third targeted longer-term 
refinancing operations programme (“TLTRO III”); (ii) improved financing and liquidity packages; and (iii) 
the package of collateral easing measures to respond to the Covid-19 pandemic), the ECB is now starting to 
remove the monetary stimulus given the rise in inflation. This could require the Group to find alternative 
funding sources, some of which may be more costly or may not be available at all, or to dispose of assets at a 
potentially significant discount in relation to their respective book values, with a corresponding negative impact 
on the Group’s capital position and results of operations. Additionally, any sudden change could also have a 
material effect on the financial markets and the valuation of the Issuer’s assets, including public debt portfolio. 
The Issuer may also be eligible for ELA funding. National central banks in the Eurosystem may provide ELA 
funding to solvent financial institutions with temporary liquidity problems in their respective jurisdictions, 
unless the ECB restricts such funding if it considers that these operations interfere with the objectives and tasks 
of the Eurosystem or the funding conditions. At 30 June 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Group’s portfolio of 
assets eligible as collateral for rediscounting operations with the ECB (net of haircut) totalled €16.5 billion. 
Any such changes in the conditions of funding from the ECB (or from the Bank of Portugal, as national central 
bank) or the value of the collateral pledged for such funding could ultimately have a materially adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
Risks relating to changes in legislation on deferred tax assets could have a material effect on the 
Group 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as amended (including as amended by the Capital Requirements Regulation II 
(Regulation (EU) 2019/876 (the “CRR II”)) (the “CRR”) requires that deferred tax assets (“DTAs”) be 
deducted from CET1 capital. 
However, the CRR contains an exception for DTAs that are not contingent on future profitability, foreseeing 
that such DTAs are not deducted from CET1 capital. For such purposes, DTAs are deemed to not be contingent 
on future profitability when: 
a) they are automatically and mandatorily replaced with a tax credit, in the event that the institution reports a 
loss when its annual financial statements are formally approved, or in the event of its liquidation or 
insolvency; 
b) the abovementioned tax credit may, under national tax law, be offset against any tax liability of the 
institution or any other undertaking included in the same consolidation as the institution for tax purposes 
under tax law or any other undertaking subject to supervision on a consolidated basis; and

--- Page 37 ---
29 
c) where the amount of tax credits referred to in point b) above exceeds the tax liabilities referred to in that 
same point, any such excess is replaced with a direct claim on the central government of the EU Member 
State in which the institution is incorporated. 
The deduction of DTAs from CET1 capital would thus have an impact on credit institutions established in EU 
Member States where national tax law imposes a time mismatch between the accounting and tax recognition of 
certain gains and losses. 
In this regard, the Portuguese Government, through the Law No. 61/2014 of 26 August 2014 (as amended from 
time to time, “Law 61/2014”), enacted amendments to national tax law that allow for the conversion of DTAs 
into tax credits, with the aim of fulfilling the requirements for non-deductibility of DTAs from CET1 capital of 
resident credit institutions. 
Law 61/2014 foresees that any DTAs arising from loan impairment losses and from post-employment and long-
term employment benefits into tax credits. These DTAs accounted in taxable periods starting on or after 1 
January 2015, or registered in the taxpayer’s accounts in the last taxable period prior to that date, can be 
converted into tax credits when the taxpayer: (i) reports an annual accounting loss when the institution’s annual 
financial statements are formally approved; or (ii) enters into a liquidation procedure, as a result of voluntary 
dissolution, court-ordered insolvency or, if applicable, cancellation of authorisation by the regulator or 
supervisory body. 
The amount of DTAs is declared by corporate income taxpayers in their annual corporate income tax return. 
The amount of the declared tax credit must subsequently be certified by the auditors and confirmed by the 
Portuguese tax authorities. 
The tax credits obtained with the conversion of the DTAs may be offset against any state taxes on income and 
on assets payable by the taxpayer. 
The conversion of DTAs entails the constitution of a special non-distributable reserve, equivalent to the amount 
of the tax credit obtained increased by 10 per cent., and conversely, the issuance of symmetric warrants to the 
Portuguese State. The warrants entitle the Portuguese State to: (i) demand the Issuer to increase its share capital 
by converting the special reserve into ordinary shares representing the Issuer’s share capital and to subsequently 
deliver such shares to the Portuguese State for no consideration; or (ii) freely dispose of them, including by sale 
to third parties, which may subsequently demand such increase of the Issuer’s share capital. 
The amendments to the DTAs conversion regime, enacted by Law No. 23/2016 of 19 August 2016, established 
that the DTAs conversion is not applicable to any DTAs arising from the mismatch between the accounting and 
tax regimes from 1 January 2016 onwards, without precluding its applicability to DTAs generated with respect 
to the previous fiscal years. 
Law No. 98/2019 of 4 September, amending the tax treatment of the impairment of credit institutions and other 
financial institutions, introduced changes to the special regime applicable to deferred tax assets approved by 
Law No. 61/2014 (the abovementioned conversion regime). According to the amended regime, impairments 
losses for credit risk become generically deductible, provided that they relate to exposures (analysed on an 
individual or collective basis) resulting from the normal activity of such institutions, and they are recorded 
according to the accounting and regulatory standards applicable in the tax periods beginning on or after 1 
January 2019. As regards the rules applicable to impairment losses recorded in the periods of taxation beginning 
before 1 January 2019, deductibility is generally limited to the amount corresponding to the application of the 
mandatory minimum limits set out in the notice of the Bank of Portugal No. 3/95 (in the wording in force prior 
to its revocation), provided that certain conditions are met.

--- Page 38 ---
30 
For the application of the amended regime, Law No. 98/2019 provides for a period of adaptation for credit 
institutions and other financial institutions. In the five tax periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019, the 
former regime still applies (observing the provisions of the regulatory Decree No. 13/2018), becoming the 
application of the amended regime compulsory only in the period of taxation initiated from 1 January 2024, 
unless the option for the application of the new regime is communicated to the tax authority until the end of the 
10th month of the current tax period, with effects in that tax period and in the following tax periods. Regarding 
the DTA special regime, amendments include a significant reduction of the period for the capital increase of 
taxable persons as a result of the exercise of the rights of conversion conferred to the Portuguese State and in 
turn object of potestative rights to acquire by the shareholders. In accordance with the amended rules, the 
registration of the capital increase of the taxable person shall be made immediately after that period, by the 
amount resulting from the exercise of the rights of conversion, after the expiry of the period for the exercise of 
the potestative right to acquire the conversion rights, which may not exceed three years (not less than one year 
after the entry into force of the new law for the current situations) counted from the confirmation by the tax 
authority of the conversion of DTAs into tax credit. 
The Issuer adhered to the special regime applicable to DTAs approved by Law 61/2014, which applies to DTAs 
related to the non-deduction, for corporate income tax purposes, of costs and negative equity changes recorded 
up to 31 December 2015 for impairment losses on loans and advances to customers and with employee post-
employment or long-term benefits. The conversion of the eligible deferred tax assets into tax credits was made 
according to the proportion of the amount of said net loss to total equity at the individual company level. A 
special reserve was established with an amount identical to the tax credit approved, increased by 10 per cent. 
The conversion rights are securities that grant the Portuguese State the right to demand of the Issuer a share 
capital increase, through the incorporation of the amount of the special reserve and the consequent issue and 
delivery of ordinary shares at no cost. The shareholders of the Issuer have the unilateral right to acquire the 
conversion rights from the Portuguese State. Subject to clarification from the Portuguese State in respect of the 
procedure regarding the operation of the conversion rights, the Issuer has agreed with the shareholders to issue 
the shares with conversion rights in relation to the 2015-2017 financial years by 31 December 2021. As such 
clarification is still pending, only the 2015 conversion rights were converted and conferred a stake of 1.56 per 
cent. of the share capital of the Issuer and the conversion rights for 2016 and 2017 may be exercised and 
converted in accordance with the procedure and timings established in the legal regime. For further details, see 
“Description of the Issuer and of the Group—Ownership Structure (Including Government Relationship)”. 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group held €809.3 million of DTAs in its accounts of which €0.8 million related to 
reported losses and €808.5 million related to temporary differences. Of these, €267.3 million are protected under 
the Portuguese special fiscal regime. If any DTAs are not recovered, this could have an adverse impact on the 
profitability and equity of the Issuer and the Group. 
DTAs related to reported losses are deducted from regulatory capital, whereas DTAs related to temporary 
differences that depend on future profitability are partially deducted to capital (the portion that exceeds the 
thresholds of 10 per cent. and 15 per cent. of CET1) and partially weighed at 250 per cent. DTAs related to 
temporary differences protected by the Portuguese special fiscal regime are weighed at 100 per cent. Any future 
changes to the way in which the Portuguese fiscal regime operates could result in previously protected DTAs 
no longer being protected. 
The estimation of DTAs requires the application of a complex set of judgements, considering the uncertainties 
regarding the future. Changes in the assumptions used in the estimation of future results or in the interpretation 
of tax legislation may have a material impact on the recoverability of DTAs originated by tax losses. As the 
economic impact of the Covid-19 pandemic is still very uncertain it is not possible to determine to what extent 
the assumptions may need to be revised. Any change to the base assumptions can have a significant impact on

--- Page 39 ---
31 
the estimated recoverable amount of DTA and as a result the Group’s financial condition and results of 
operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
The Group is exposed to actuarial and financial risks related to its pension obligations 
The Group has significant pension liabilities associated with its defined benefit pension fund, which includes 
the following three plans: the “Master Plan” (or “Base Plan”), the “Complementary Plan” and the “Executive 
Committee’s Complementary Plan” (the “Executive Committee’s Complementary Plan” is only for members 
of the Executive Committee and was subject to the split between the Issuer and BES pursuant to the Resolution 
Measure, which occurred during 2020, and related decisions) (the “Pension Fund”). The Group’s expected 
return on the assets in its Pension Fund is based on certain assumptions. If the returns on the assets in its Pension 
Fund is less positive than expected or negative, the Group will be required to recognise actuarial losses on the 
difference between a greater expected value of the assets and the actual value. Similarly, demographic factors, 
such as an increase in life expectancy among active employees and pensioners, can result in changes in mortality 
tables used by insurance companies and thus negatively affect the Group’s defined-benefit obligations, 
generating actuarial losses that require recognition and contribution to the Group’s Pension Fund in order to 
guarantee that its Pension Fund liabilities are fully funded, as required by regulation.  
In addition to such losses requiring contribution to the Group’s Pension Fund, these actuarial losses may have 
the effect of reducing the Issuer’s CET1, undermining the Issuer’s capital ratios and negatively impacting the 
Issuer’s shareholders’ equity. Until 1 January 2018, the Issuer was required to deduct from its CET1 the portion 
of actuarial losses exceeding 10 per cent. of its pension liabilities or the value of its pension assets, adjusted by 
a phase-in factor (20 per cent. per year). After 1 January 2018, actuarial losses are deducted from CET1 in full.  
As at 30 June 2022, the Group’s pension obligations in the Pension Fund amounted to €1.517 billion, and the 
fair value of the Pension Fund allocated to the Issuer as at the same date was €1.546 billion. The excess funding 
of the pension fund liabilities amounted to €28.7 million as at 30 June 2022, accounted as an asset. 
The Group is exposed to market risks 
The Group engages in various activities for its own account, including entering into interest rate, credit, equity 
and exchange rate derivative transactions, as well as taking positions in fixed income and equity in the domestic 
and international markets and trading in the primary and secondary securities markets, including for government 
securities. The Group also offers these types of products and services to its customers. 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group’s securities portfolio amounted to €10.3 billion, of which 53.7 per cent. were 
public debt instruments, 39.9 per cent. were classified as bonds and 6.4 per cent. were shares and other variable 
income securities (59.7 per cent., 32.6 per cent. and 7.7 per cent. respectively as at 31 December 2021).  
Additionally, as at 30 June 2022, 79.6 per cent. of such assets were classified as Level 1 (those that are quoted 
on a recognised market as of such date), 3.1 per cent. as Level 2 (those for which valuation methods with prices 
and standards that are observable in the markets are used) and 17.1 per cent. as Level 3 (those for which 
valuation methods with prices and standards that are not observable in the markets are used), which compares 
to 80.4 per cent., 3.3 per cent. and 16.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2021, respectively.  
As at 30 June 2022, the Group had a value at risk (“VaR”) of €20.3 million in its trading positions in respect of 
equities, interest rates, volatility and credit spread, total commodities position and total foreign exchange 
position and investment portfolios, compared to €30.4 million as at 31 December 2021. The Group’s VaR is 
calculated using the “Monte Carlo” simulation method, with a 99 per cent. confidence level and a holding period 
of ten days.  
The Issuer had, in its securities portfolio, investments in restructuring funds in an amount of €524.1 million as 
at 30 June 2022, most of which are covered by the CCA. These funds are Level 3 assets according to the fair

--- Page 40 ---
32 
value hierarchy of IFRS13 (quotations provided by third parties whose inputs used are unobservable in the 
market, as mentioned above). In compliance with the guidance by the ECB, the Issuer obtained an independent 
valuation of its exposure on these funds. The valuation resulted in a significant mark-down on the value of these 
assets, leading to a loss of €300.2 million in 2020.  
The deterioration of the global economic outlook and high uncertainty surrounding the effects of the Russia-
Ukraine conflict resulted in strong increases in volatility and risk aversion in financial markets. Furthermore, 
the surge in inflation triggered the monetary stimulus retreat, with central banks turning to a more hawkish tone. 
For further details, see the risk factor entitled “—Risks relating to the Issuer—Risks relating to the economic 
and financial environment—The Group is exposed to the adverse consequences of the Covid-19 pandemic and 
of the military conflict in Ukraine”. 
The Issuer’s proprietary trading securities portfolio is highly concentrated on sovereign exposure and its trading 
activities are mainly concentrated on the provision of these services and product offerings to its customers and 
risk management of the balance sheet. Nevertheless, proprietary trading involves a certain degree of risk. 
Protracted adverse market movements, particularly price declines, can reduce the level of activity in the market 
or reduce market liquidity. These developments can lead to losses if the Group cannot close out deteriorating 
positions in a timely way.  
The Group is exposed to the risk of public debt securities within the credit portfolio where the main 
exposure is to peripheral euro area countries 
The Group is exposed to public debt securities of peripheral euro area countries. The Group is a market maker 
for Portuguese sovereign debt and also engages in proprietary trading. The amounts and average maturity of 
the debt held over time varies as a result of its market making and proprietary trading activities and of its outlook 
as to the attractiveness of such debt. 
As at 30 June 2022, the Group’s portfolio of public debt securities of euro area countries comprised 
approximately €2.2 billion in Portuguese public debt, approximately €1.4 billion in Spanish public debt, 
approximately €0.2 billion in Irish public debt, approximately €0.1 billion in Italian public debt, and no 
exposure to Greek, Russian nor Ukrainian public debt, which together represents 37 per cent. of the Group’s 
total securities portfolio. As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s public debt securities of euro area countries 
portfolio comprised approximately €3.1 billion in Portuguese public debt, approximately €1.6 billion in Spanish 
public debt, approximately €0.2 billion in Irish public debt, approximately €0.1 billion in Italian public debt, 
and no exposure to Greek, Russian nor Ukrainian public debt.  
In extreme situations of economic, political and social crises, governments may be reluctant or may not have 
access to funding in order to refinance or repay capital or pay interest on their debt securities. In a default 
scenario, security holders’ recourse to legal mechanisms may be limited. In addition, there could be an increase 
in default risk in a scenario in which an EU Member State enters into default thereby exacerbating the negative 
sentiment toward other euro area members through a contagion effect. 
In addition, despite the negative impacts of the Covid-19 pandemic in these countries economies and, also as a 
result of the fiscal stimulus provided by the governments to give support to the economy, the significant rise in 
budget deficits and public debt, public debt yields have remained low and market conditions favourable, 
following the significant spike at the beginning of the Covid-19 pandemic, mainly due to the relevant 
intervention of the monetary authorities. As both the government and monetary stimulus are withdrawn, the 
conditions for public debt can significantly deteriorate, including, but not limited, to the possibility of faster 
interest rate rise scenarios. For further details on the impacts of the Covid-19 pandemic, see the risk factor 
entitled “—Risks relating to the Issuer—Risks relating to the economic and financial environment—The Group 
is exposed to the adverse consequences of the Covid-19 pandemic and of the military conflict in Ukraine”.

--- Page 41 ---
33 
Depreciations in the public debt portfolio can have the effect of reducing the Issuer’s CET1 used to determine 
its capital ratios and could adversely affect its results of operations. Any decrease of the Issuer’s solvency ratios 
could hinder its ability to operate its business in accordance with its strategy. 
The Group faces significant competition 
The Group operates in a highly competitive environment and will continue to experience intense competition 
from local and global financial institutions, as well as new entrants. The Group’s competitors are mainly 
commercial banks. In addition, the Group and other traditional financial institutions are facing new sources of 
competition from new market entrants, including alternative providers of payment services and of financial 
services in the so-called fin-tech space, as well as from non-financial operators (e.g. large retailers), who are 
increasingly promoting their own credit cards and credit lines. These alternative providers may have lower cost 
bases than those of the Group. The introduction of disruptive technology may impede the Group’s ability to 
grow or retain its market share and impact its revenues and profitability. Furthermore, competitors might be 
better positioned to compete in the fin-tech space and less constrained than the Issuer. 
The Group’s competitors may also have access to cheaper sources of funding or with better terms, including 
deposits. Accordingly, these banks may be able to maintain or increase their market share by offering credit 
products with lower interest rates, enabling them to expand lending more easily. In addition, the Commitments 
to which the Issuer is subject could also limit its ability to compete with other Portuguese banks, such as 
limitations on its business activities, including in respect of the aggregate amount of its loan book, as well as 
restrictions on its pricing policies. 
The Group may not be able to compete effectively in these markets in the future. If the Group is unable to offer 
attractive products and services, it may lose market share or incur losses on some or all of its activities, which 
could adversely affect its financial condition and its results of operations. 
A reduction in the Issuer’s credit ratings would increase its cost of funding and adversely affect the 
Group’s financial condition and results of operations  
Credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which the Group is able to obtain funding, including the 
availability of certain funding instruments. Rating agencies regularly evaluate the Issuer, and its long-term 
credit ratings are based on a number of factors, including its financial strength, the credit rating of Portugal and 
the conditions affecting the financial services industry generally and the Portuguese banking system in particular. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s long-term credit ratings are the following: “B3” for long 
term senior unsecured debt with a positive outlook and “Ba3” for long term deposits with a positive outlook by 
Moody’s, and “B (high)” issuer rating and long-term senior debt rating with a stable trend and “BB (low)” long-
term deposits rating with a stable trend by DBRS. There can be no assurance that the rating agencies will 
maintain the current ratings or outlooks.  
Additionally, uncertainty in relation to the amounts to be received by the Issuer under the CCA or any reduction 
on the requested amount could compromise the ability of the Issuer to comply with the required capital ratios, 
which will put additional pressure on the Issuer’s credit ratings. For further information see “—The Resolution 
Fund may fail to make or be prevented from making payments under the Contingent Capital Agreement”. 
Downgrades of the Issuer’s ratings, or the perceived likelihood of such a downgrade, could increase its cost 
and/or availability of funding or, in a scenario that combines a sharp ratings drop with a further deterioration of 
the credit environment, could result in increasing difficulties or the total inability of the Group to access funding 
in the financial markets. Additionally, this could have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s contractual obligations 
that depend on rating triggers or the risk perception of the public in general, leading to deposit outflows.

--- Page 42 ---
34 
Any such downgrade to the Issuer’s credit ratings could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s liquidity position, 
cost of funding and net interest margin, which could adversely affect the Group’s financial condition and results 
of operations. 
C.  Legal and regulatory risks 
Risks relating to legal proceedings  
The Issuer is the subject of actual and threatened litigation and other proceedings related to its incorporation 
under the resolution measure applied to BES. 
In addition, as regulated entities, the Issuer and the Group are, from time to time, the subject of supervisory and 
administrative inquiries, inspections and investigations by regulators in the jurisdictions in which they operate. 
So far as the Issuer is aware, and except as disclosed below, none of the Issuer or other Group entities is, as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, subject to any such inquiries, inspections or investigations that may have a 
significant effect on the Group’s financial position or profitability. See also the risk factor entitled “—Risks 
relating to regulatory requirements” below. Furthermore, as a large financial institution, the Group is the subject 
of actual and threatened litigation and other proceedings in the ordinary course of its banking and financial 
intermediary business. 
Proceedings in connection with the resolution measure applied to BES and the incorporation of the Issuer 
According to the Resolution Measure and related decisions of the Bank of Portugal, the Issuer should only be 
liable in respect of matters or claims arising on or after 3 August 2014, which is the date on which the Issuer 
was established, or that such matters or claims were otherwise transferred to the Issuer pursuant to the 
Resolution Measure and related decisions of the Bank of Portugal. 
Currently, a number of proceedings that seek to challenge the application of the Resolution Measure to BES 
and the related decisions of the Bank of Portugal, the establishment of the Issuer and the resulting impact on 
other parties and their rights, including shareholders, members of corporate bodies, senior and subordinated 
creditors and clients are still pending.  
The application and impact of the Resolution Measure and the incorporation of the Issuer are being and may 
continue to be publicly and judicially challenged by several parties and creditors. These proceedings include 
also the challenges to the transfer of certain assets and liabilities to the Issuer as a result of the Resolution 
Measure and the decisions of the Bank of Portugal, as well as proceedings requesting the set-off of liabilities 
that were not transferred to the Issuer against credits transferred and held by the Issuer. Several judicial 
proceedings have been initiated against the Bank of Portugal, the Resolution Fund and/or the Issuer and it is 
likely that other similar proceedings will be submitted within the applicable legal time limits. 
There are several legal proceedings, some of which were aggregated and designated as pilot-proceedings 
(processos-piloto). In one of these, notably the one which was initiated by a shareholder of BES before the 
Lisbon Administrative Court, the plaintiffs challenged the validity of the Resolution Measure applied to BES 
on the basis of alleged illegalities and unconstitutionalities. The Issuer was counter-interested party in the 
proceeding. On 12 March 2019, the Lisbon Administrative Court fully dismissed the claims of the plaintiffs. 
All existing proceedings are still suspended, although on 5 May 2022, the Court of Justice of the European 
Union (the “TJUE”) delivered a decision (favourable for both pilot proceedings) in relation to preliminary 
questions raised by the Portuguese Supreme Administrative Court.  
There are still relevant litigation risks, notably regarding the various disputes relating to the US$835 million 
loan made by Oak Finance to BES, the placement of BES and Grupo Espírito Santo debt instruments directly 
and indirectly in BES retail clients and regarding the senior bond issues retransmitted to BES, as well as the 
risk of the non-recognition and/or non-implementation of the various decisions of Bank of Portugal by

--- Page 43 ---
35 
Portuguese or foreign courts (as it is the case of the courts in Spain where there are several unfavourable 
decisions) in disputes related to the perimeter of the assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under 
management transferred to the Issuer. 
For further details on proceedings in connection with the resolution measure applied to BES and the 
incorporation of the Issuer, see “Description of the Issuer and of the Group—Legal, Administrative and 
Arbitration Proceedings—Proceedings relating to the Resolution Measure”. 
Should any or all of such proceedings be successful and the Indemnification Mechanism not be available or be 
insufficient to fully compensate the Group, the resulting costs and/or damages could materially and adversely 
affect the Group’s financial position, results of operations and reputation, even in situations where the Issuer is 
not a party to such proceedings. 
Ultimately, if a court were to declare the Resolution Measure invalid and, despite its disruptive effects, 
determine the invalidity and ineffectiveness of all contracts and legal acts performed by the Issuer since its 
incorporation, the issue of the Notes would become void and investors could suffer substantial losses. 
Successful claims of this or a similar nature could have a material adverse financial effect on the Issuer and the 
Group or cause significant reputational harm, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the financial 
condition of the Group. In addition, while the Indemnification Mechanism may help mitigate economic risks 
arising from litigation related to the Resolution Measure and related decisions of the Bank of Portugal, there 
can be no assurance that it will be applied or, if applied, upheld. Even if the Indemnification Mechanism is 
successfully applied, such claims may result in adverse reputational impact on the Issuer and/or the Group. See 
also the risk factor entitled “—Risks relating to the Issuer’s business—The Issuer’s activity is subject to 
reputational risk” above. 
Proceedings relating to the sale of the Issuer 
Following the conclusion of the Lone Star Sale, certain legal suits have been lodged, related to the conditions 
of the sale, notably the administrative action brought by Banco Comercial Português, S.A. (“BCP”) against the 
Resolution Fund, of which the Issuer is not a party, and, according to the public disclosure made by BCP on the 
website of the Portuguese Securities Markets Commission (Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários) 
(“CMVM”) on 1 September 2017, it requested the legal assessment of the contingent capitalisation obligation 
assumed by the Resolution Fund within the CCA.  
Any final court decision that may be issued in the context of such judicial proceedings, notably in respect of 
the validity of the CCA, may adversely affect the capacity of the Issuer to carry out its obligations under the 
Notes. 
For further details on proceedings relating to the sale of the Issuer, see “Description of the Issuer and of the 
Group—Legal, Administrative and Arbitration Proceedings”. 
Other proceedings 
There are two pending proceedings related to the enforcement of a financial pledge by the Issuer: (i) in one of 
them, the plaintiff requires the declaration of invalidity of the financial pledge existing over shares and the 
execution of such pledge; and (ii) the Issuer has challenged the decision of the insolvency administrator of 
resolution of the acts of creation of the pledge decided in favour of the insolvency estate.  
For further details on these and other proceedings mentioned above, see “Description of the Issuer and of the 
Group—Legal, Administrative and Arbitration Proceedings—Other proceedings”. 
Should any or all of such proceedings be successful, the resulting costs and/or damages could materially and 
adversely affect the Group’s financial position, results of operations and reputation. Ultimately, if a court were

--- Page 44 ---
36 
to declare the relevant financial pledge agreement invalid, it could have a material adverse financial effect on 
the Issuer and the Group or cause significant reputational harm, which, in turn, could have a material adverse 
effect on the financial condition of the Group. It is not possible to determine when the relevant courts will issue 
final awards regarding any of the proceedings mentioned in this risk factor or any future legal proceedings, or 
to determine or make a full assessment of the impact or likely outcomes of any such legal proceedings or of 
future legal proceedings or the consequences arising therefrom for the Issuer or the Notes. 
Holders of Notes should be aware that the legal proceedings and consequences arising therefrom may adversely 
affect the incorporation, financial condition and/or the capacity of the Issuer to carry out its obligations under 
the Notes. 
Risks relating to regulatory requirements  
Banking and insurance activities in Portugal and in the EU are subject to extensive and detailed regulation and 
supervision by supervisory authorities, which have broad administrative power over many aspects of the 
financial and banking services business, which include liquidity, capital adequacy and permitted investments, 
ethical issues, money laundering, privacy, securities (including debt instruments) issuance and 
offering/placement, financial intermediation issues, record-keeping, marketing and selling practices, among 
others, as well as those relating to insurance services, which include insurance, reinsurance, pension funds and 
their management companies and insurance mediation. For further information on banking regulations 
applicable to the Group, please see “Description of the Issuer and of the Group—Supervision and Regulation”. 
The resources dedicated to ensure compliance with these various regulations can significantly increase the costs 
of the Group’s structure and limit its possibilities for increasing its income. 
Moreover, the Group is subject to ongoing supervision from the Single Supervisory Mechanism (“SSM”), 
including the ECB and the Bank of Portugal, as well as from the CMVM and Autoridade de Supervisão de 
Seguros e Fundos de Pensões (“ASF”, the Portuguese Insurance and Pension Funds Supervisory Authority), 
under their respective competencies. Non-compliance with rules and regulations enforced by the ECB, SSM, 
the Bank of Portugal, CMVM or ASF or any other applicable regulatory body may result in severe penalties 
and other sanctions such as bans, inhibitions and suspensions, which would directly impact the Group’s ability 
to perform its activities. 
The Issuer is required by the SSM, ECB and the regulators in Portugal and other countries in which it undertakes 
regulated activities to maintain minimum levels of capital and liquidity. In jurisdictions in which it has branches, 
including within the EEA, the Issuer is also subject to the regulatory capital and liquidity requirements of such 
jurisdictions. Currently, the Issuer has only one branch in Luxembourg, subject to the legislation applicable on 
this matter in that jurisdiction. The Issuer, its regulated subsidiaries and its branch may be subject to the risk of 
having insufficient capital resources to meet the minimum regulatory capital and/or liquidity requirements. In 
addition, those minimum regulatory capital requirements and/or liquidity requirements may increase in the 
future, or the methods of calculating capital resources may change. Likewise, liquidity requirements may have 
come under heightened scrutiny, and may place additional stress on the Issuer’s liquidity demands in the 
jurisdictions in which it operates. 
Changes in regulatory requirements may also require the Issuer to raise additional capital. In June 2013, the 
European Parliament and the Council of Europe issued Directive 2013/36/EU, as amended (including as 
amended by the Capital Requirements Directive V (Directive (EU) 2019/878 (the “CRD V”)) (the “CRD IV 
Directive”) and the CRR (the CRR and the CRD IV Directive together, the “CRD IV”), which incorporate the 
key amendments that have been proposed by the Basel Committee for Banking Supervision (known as “Basel 
III”). Full implementation began from 1 January 2014, with particular elements being phased in over a period 
of time. The requirements largely became effective by 2019, although some minor transitional provisions 
provide for phase-in until 2024.

--- Page 45 ---
37 
In December 2014, the EBA published its final guidelines on the common procedures and methodologies that 
will form its Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”) assessments, taking into account the 
general framework and principles defined in the CRD IV. The SREP assessments include reviews of capital, 
liquidity, internal governance and institution-wide risk controls, risks to liquidity and funding, business model 
analysis, and broader stress testing, in order to evaluate whether the subject institution has implemented 
adequate arrangements, strategies, processes and mechanisms to comply with the CRD IV and evaluate risks to 
which they are or might be exposed and risks institutions may pose to the financial system. 
The Issuer is subject to the SREP review on an annual basis. Where the SREP review identifies risks or elements 
of risk that are not adequately covered by pillar 1 capital requirements or the combined buffer requirement the 
ECB can determine the appropriate level of the institution’s own funds under CRD IV and assess whether 
additional own funds shall be required. 
According to Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 and based on the SREP conducted 
pursuant to Article 4(1)(f) of Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013 with reference date 31 December 2015, the ECB 
communicated to the Issuer on 2 February 2022 that the Group should comply with an own funds requirement 
of 3.00 per cent. to be held in excess of the minimum own funds requirement, to be held in the form of 56.25 
per cent. of CET1 capital and 75 per cent. in the form of Tier 1 (defined below) capital. Additionally, in the 
same communication, the ECB also informed the Issuer that it is subject to a Pillar 2 Guidance of 1.5 per cent. 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, the measures announced by the ECB on 12 March 2020, following the 
Covid-19 outbreak, are also applicable to the Issuer (for further details, see “Description of the Issuer and of 
the Group—Supervision and Regulation—European Central Bank—Non-exhaustive summary of recent 
regulatory developments following the Covid-19 pandemic”). There can be no assurance that the SREP review 
to be conducted in the following years will not increase the minimum own funds requirement, including as a 
result of past or future stress test exercises conducted by the supervisory authorities. 
In addition, credit institutions identified as other systemically important institutions (“O-SIIs”) are subject to 
an additional buffer requirement (the “O-SII Buffer”). According to the Bank of Portugal’s decision, the O-SII 
buffer is not applicable to the Issuer from 2020 onwards (but rather applicable to its indirect controlling 
shareholder LSF Nani Investments S.à.r.l.). 
As at 30 June 2022, the Issuer reported a CET1 ratio of 11.8 per cent. (phased-in) and 11.2 per cent. (fully 
implemented) (11.1 per cent. (phased-in) and 10.1 per cent. (fully implemented) as at 31 December 2021). 
However, on 7 December 2021, the Issuer disclosed to the market that it has received a letter from the JST 
noting that the claims under the CCA should only be recognised as CET1, for the purpose of the own funds 
calculation, once such payment occurs, thus changing the prudential treatment of the CCA. See the risk factor 
“—Risks relating to the Issuer’s business—The Resolution Fund may fail to make or be prevented from making 
payments under the Contingent Capital Agreement” and “Description of the Issuer and of the Group—
Contingent Capital Agreement”.  
Over recent years, the Issuer’s capital shortfall has been restored by operation of the CCA, which has provided 
€792 million, €1,149 million, €1,035 million and €429 million in May 2018, May 2019, May 2020 and 
June/December 2021. The €429 million received by the Issuer in 2021 related to the 2020 financial year and 
was lower than the requested amount of €598 million. Despite being in compliance with its CET1 requirement 
due to the Covid-19 relief measures, the Issuer is currently below its required total capital ratio. See “—Risks 
relating to the Issuer’s business—The Resolution Fund may fail to make or be prevented from making payments 
under the Contingent Capital Agreement” above. 
Given the non-payment on certain CCA calls, including the CCA call made in 2022 relating to the 2021 financial 
year, the change in the CCA prudential treatment and the end of the Covid-19 relief measures on 31 December 
2022, the Bank was required to build-up a capital conservation plan, which includes several measures designed

--- Page 46 ---
38 
to ensure compliance with the Bank’s overall capital requirements. These measures include, among others, the 
sale of real estate assets and portfolios, the sale of NPLs, the sale of restructuring funds and several risk-
weighted assets (“RWAs”) optimisation transactions, some of which have already been or are about to be 
implemented. The execution risk on these measures is high and the Bank cannot guarantee it will be able to 
fully implement them on the envisaged terms. If the Bank is not able to execute these measures or replace them 
with other measures of similar impact, there can be no assurance that the Bank will comply with its overall 
capital requirements. If the Group does not satisfy these or other minimum capital ratio requirements in the 
future, it may be required to raise additional capital or be subject to measures or sanctions by the Bank of 
Portugal, the ECB or the SSM. If the Issuer is required to raise further capital in the future after failing to satisfy 
the minimum capital ratio requirements, but is unable to do so or to do so on acceptable terms, the Issuer may 
be required to further reduce the amount of the Issuer’s risk-weighted assets and engage in the disposition of 
core and other non-core businesses, which may not occur on a timely basis or achieve prices which would 
otherwise be attractive to the Issuer. Any failure to maintain minimum regulatory capital ratios could result in 
administrative actions or other sanctions, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
operating results, financial condition and prospects. The regulatory laws governing banking activity may change 
at any time in ways which may have an adverse effect on the business of the Group. It is not possible to predict 
the timing or form of any future regulatory initiatives. Changes in existing regulatory laws may materially affect 
the way in which the Group conducts its business, the products and services it can offer and the value of its 
assets. 
On 23 November 2016, the EC presented legislative proposals for amendments to the CRR (by way of CRR 
II), the CRD IV Directive (by way of CRD V), the BRRD and the Single Resolution Mechanism (the “SRM”) 
(collectively, the “Reforms”). After the European Parliament confirmed its position on the Reforms, the 
European Parliament and Council of the EU reached agreement on the main elements of the Reforms. The 
agreed text was endorsed on 16 April 2019 by the European Parliament and sets out a comprehensive set of 
reforms to strengthen further resilience and resolvability of EU banks.  
On 14 May 2019, the European Council announced that it had adopted the Reforms, with most of the new rules 
applying in mid-2021. The Reforms include the following key measures: 
• 
a leverage ratio requirement for all institutions as well as a leverage ratio buffer for all global 
systemically important institutions (“G-SIIs”); 
• 
a net stable funding requirement; 
• 
a new market risk framework for reporting purposes, including measures reducing reporting and 
disclosure requirements and simplifying market risk and liquidity rules for small non-complex banks 
in order to ensure a proportionate framework for all banks within the EU; 
• 
a requirement for third-country institutions with significant activities in the EU to have an EU 
intermediate parent undertaking; 
• 
a new total loss absorbing capacity (“TLAC”) requirement for G-SIIs; 
• 
enhanced minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (“MREL”) subordination rules 
for G-SIIs and other large banks; and 
• 
a new moratorium power for the resolution authority. 
In addition, on 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee and the Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads 
of Supervision (the “GHOS”) presented reforms to the Basel III regulatory framework also known as “Basel 
IV”. The final Basel III reforms include several policy and supervisory measures that aim to enhance the 
reliability and comparability of risk-weighted capital ratios and to reduce the potential for undue variation in

--- Page 47 ---
39 
capital requirements for banks across the globe. The measures comprise revisions to the standardised approach 
for credit risk, internal ratings-based approaches for credit risk, the credit valuation adjustment risk framework, 
the operational risk framework, the leverage ratio framework and a revised output floor. The proposals 
contained in the Basel III reforms are intended to apply from 2022 with a transitional period for the output floor 
until 2027, although these timelines remain unclear until such rules are implemented into European and 
Portuguese legislation. 
 
The Issuer is in the process of implementing an Internal-ratings based (“IRB”) plan which foresees all model 
calibration as a result of the implementation of a new definition of default, which new plan may have an impact 
of the Group’s capital ratios. The IRB plan is subject to the approval of the ECB in relation to the determination 
of the Issuer’s internal risk weight estimates as well as the consequential impacts on capital, provision, results 
and overall performance. While the Issuer has provided for its own estimates as to RWAs and the IRB plan in 
its financial statements and planning, there is a risk that the ECB review leads to a change in such RWA levels 
and this has an impact on one or more of the Issuer’s capital, provision, results and overall performance. 
Following the Covid-19 outbreak, the ECB announced measures to ensure that its directly supervised banks can 
continue to fulfil their role in funding the real economy as the economic effects of Covid-19 become apparent.  
New regulations may increase capital, liquidity and other requirements and can result in additional requirements 
of capital and/or other type of financial instruments, preparatory work, disclosure needs, restrictions on certain 
types of transactions, limitations or changes to the Issuer’s strategy. Any of the above could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. For further 
details, see the section “Description of the Issuer and of the Group—Supervision and Regulation”.  
Risks relating to the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive and the Single Resolution Mechanism 
In May 2014, the EU Council and the EU Parliament approved a directive establishing a framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014, establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms, as amended, the “BRRD”). The aim of the BRRD is to equip national 
authorities with harmonised tools and powers to tackle crises at banks and certain investment firms at the earliest 
possible moment and to minimise costs for taxpayers. For further details see the section “Description of the 
Issuer and of the Group—Supervision and Regulation”. 
Under an early intervention, the authorities are notably entitled to replace managers or directors and require 
that the institution draws up and submits for consultation a plan for debt restructuring with its creditors 
according to a recovery plan. 
The BRRD’s resolution tools and powers may be used alone or in combination where the relevant resolution 
authority considers that certain required conditions are met, namely, if an institution is failing or likely to fail, 
that no alternative private sector measure, or supervisory action, would prevent the failure of the institution 
within a reasonable timeframe and that the taking of a resolution action is necessary to the public interest. The 
resolution tools include the power to sell or transfer assets (or ownership thereof) to another institution or to an 
asset management vehicle and the general bail-in tool, as mentioned above, which provides for the write-down 
or conversion of any liabilities of the institution that meet relevant conditions. 
A Single Resolution Mechanism (“SRM”) has been introduced, including a Single Resolution Board (the 
“SRB”), which focuses on resolution planning and enhancing resolvability, to avoid the potential negative 
impacts of a bank failure on the economy and financial stability. The requirements of the SRM are set out in 
the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of 15 July 2014) (the “SRM

--- Page 48 ---
40 
Regulation”) and the BRRD. The SRM Regulation has been fully applicable from 1 January 2016 and the SRB 
has also been fully operational since that date. 
Until 31 December 2015, the Bank of Portugal was the relevant resolution authority for the Issuer and from 1 
January 2016, the SRM applies with the SRB being the relevant resolution authority for the Issuer. 
In order to ensure the effectiveness of a resolution measure, the relevant resolution authority may exercise, 
among others, the following powers: (i) suspension of payment or delivery obligations of the institution under 
existing agreements; (ii) suspension of enforcement rights benefiting holders of any security over assets of the 
institution; (iii) suspension of the rights to accelerate, terminate, or otherwise decide the termination under 
existing agreements; (iv) closing of agencies of the institution; (v) exercise of rights attached to shares and other 
instruments representing share capital of the affected institution; (vi) amendment of terms applicable to debt 
instruments and other eligible claims held vis-à-vis the institution, such as clauses on maturity dates and payable 
interest; (vii) liquidation and termination of financial agreements and derivative agreements; (viii) suspension 
of the negotiation of a financial instrument (Article 145-AB of RGICSF). 
The implementation of any resolution measure is not subject to the prior consent of the credit institution’s 
shareholders nor of the contractual parties related to assets, liabilities, off-balance-sheet items and assets under 
management to be sold or transferred. The relevant authorities are also not required to provide any advance 
notice to holders of Notes of their decision to exercise any resolution power. Therefore, holders of Notes may 
not be able to anticipate a potential exercise of any such powers nor the potential effect of any exercise of such 
powers on the Issuer or the Notes.  
Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 (regarding the 
ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy), which amended BRRD, was implemented in 
Portugal through Law No. 23/2019, of 13 March 2019, creating a new asset class of “non-preferred” senior debt 
that ranks in insolvency above own-funds instruments and subordinated liabilities that do not qualify as own 
funds, but below other senior liabilities. Further, it confers a preferential claim to generally all deposits vis-à-
vis senior debt.  
Holders of the Notes will have an unsecured claim over the Issuer, thus being subject to bail-in. In addition, the 
determination of which securities issued by the Issuer will be subject to write-down, conversion or bail-in is 
likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may be outside of the 
Issuer’s control. There may be many factors, including factors not directly related to the Issuer, which could 
result in such a determination. Because of this inherent uncertainty, it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, 
the exercise of a bail-in power may occur which would result in a principal write off or conversion to other 
securities, including equity. Moreover, as the criteria that the relevant resolution authority will be obliged to 
consider in exercising any bail-in power provide it with considerable discretion, holders of the securities issued 
by the Issuer may not be able to refer to publicly available criteria in order to anticipate a potential exercise of 
any such power and consequently its potential effect on the Issuer and the securities issued by the Issuer. 
Potential investors in the securities issued by the Issuer should consider the risk that a Holder may lose all of 
its investment, including the principal amount plus any accrued interest, if such statutory loss absorption 
measures are acted upon. 
Other powers contained in the RGICSF and required by the BRRD may affect the value of an investment in the 
Notes. The exercise of these powers may impact how the Issuer is managed as well as, in certain circumstances, 
the rights of creditors. There can be no assurance that actions taken under the RGICSF will not adversely affect 
the holders of the Notes.

--- Page 49 ---
41 
Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities could have a material effect on the 
Issuer 
BRRD II was implemented in the EU together with the formal adoption of Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council, which entered into force on 27 June 2019. BRRD II should have been 
transposed into national law no later than 28 December 2020 with national regulators having until 1 January 
2024 at the latest to impose full MREL requirements on firms. Under BRRD II, banks, such as the Issuer, shall 
be subject to an entity-specific MREL regime, under which they will be required to issue a sufficient amount 
of eligible instruments to absorb expected losses in resolution and to recapitalise the institution or the surviving 
part thereof. The transposition of BRRD II into Portuguese law has not yet taken place, but the legislative 
process is currently ongoing. 
In accordance with Portuguese law, Article 145-Y of the RGICSF, financial institutions will be required to meet 
certain MREL requirements. The Issuer received the notification of the decision on 19 May 2022 by the SRB, 
together with the Bank of Portugal. According to the decision, the Issuer should comply with MREL on a 
consolidated basis at the level of 14.64 per cent. of total risk exposure amount (“TREA”) that shall be reached 
by 1 January 2022 (17.66 per cent. including the combined buffer requirement) and 23.16 per cent. of TREA 
from 1 January 2026 onwards, which shall be met at all times. The Issuer has met the 1 January 2022 MREL 
target. The preferred resolution strategy for the Issuer is the single point of entry, with the Issuer being the 
resolution entity. Additionally, the Issuer is not subject to any subordination requirement. However these MREL 
requirements, the resolution strategy and the lack of a subordination requirement may change from time to time.  
In order to comply with this requirement, the Issuer plans to issue, in the coming years, additional liabilities 
eligible for MREL requirement, with the issue of the Notes forming part of this additional MREL. 
If, until the applicable deadlines, the Issuer is unable to issue or can only issue on unfavourable conditions own 
funds and additional liabilities which will be eligible to count toward the MREL requirement or to reduce its 
risk-weighted assets, this may result in regulatory sanctions and may have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations, its prospects and activities in terms which cannot 
be predicted at this stage, including changes to the Issuer’s strategy. 
Changes to tax legislation, regulations, higher taxes or lower tax benefits could have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s activity 
The Issuer might be adversely affected by recent and future changes in the tax legislation and other regulations 
applicable in Portugal, the EU and other countries in which it operates, as well as by changes of interpretation 
by the competent tax authorities of legislation and regulation. These changes include the change to the real 
estate tax introduced by the 2021 State Budget Law which led the Issuer to register a contingent liability of 
€116 million (still subject to clarification from the tax authorities). The tax implications of these changes for 
the Issuer are still uncertain and may impact the Issuer in subsequent years. In addition, the Issuer might be 
adversely affected by difficulties in the interpretation of or compliance with new tax laws and regulations. The 
materialisation of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s strategy, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
The Issuer will be affected by the strategic decisions made by it or its direct and indirect 
shareholders and, in making such decisions, the interests of the Issuer, its shareholders and holders 
of Notes may not be aligned 
The Issuer and its direct and indirect shareholders (including its indirect controlling shareholder LSF Nani 
Investments S.à.r.l.) will make strategic decisions which may (directly or indirectly) affect the business and 
operations of the Issuer and of the Group. Neither the Issuer nor its shareholders will have any obligation to 
consider the interests of the Noteholders in connection with any such strategic decisions, including in respect

--- Page 50 ---
42 
of the capital of the Issuer, the Group or LSF Nani Investments S.à.r.l. Holders of Notes will not have any claim 
against the Issuer or any other entity relating to decisions that affect the business and operations of the Issuer 
or the Group, including in relation to the capital position of the Issuer, the Group or LSF Nani Investments 
S.à.r.l. 
The Group is required to make contributions to the Resolution Fund  
The Group is required to make contributions to finance the Resolution Fund, which was created in 2012 for the 
purpose of providing financial support in case of the application of any resolution tools by the Bank of Portugal.  
From 2016 onwards the Resolution Fund has been funded through: (i) contributions paid by the entities that fall 
outside the scope of the SRM; (ii) additional contributions required to fulfil its obligations regarding the 
financing of the resolution measures applied by the Bank of Portugal before December 2014 and paid by all 
participating institutions, including credit institutions established in Portugal, which can either take the form of 
periodic contributions or special contributions (Article 14(5) of Law No. 23-A/2015, of 26 March 2015, as 
amended); and (iii) other sources, including proceeds of the bank levy, also due by credit institutions established 
in Portugal, pursuant to Law No. 55-A/2010, of 31 December 2010, as amended (contribuição sobre o setor 
bancário) (the “Bank Levy”). The periodic contributions to the Resolution Fund are determined by the 
application of a contributory rate to the end of month outstanding balance of liabilities, deducted by own funds 
and deposits already included in the deposit guarantee scheme. Pursuant to Bank of Portugal’s Instruction 
(Instrução) 22/2021 for 2022, the rate has been set at 0.057 per cent. 
The Group’s contribution will vary from time to time depending on the liabilities and own funds of the Issuer 
and applicable members of the Group, as compared to other participating institutions. Contribution to the 
Resolution Fund is adjusted to the risk profile and systemic relevance of each participating institution, also 
taking into account its solvency profile. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group paid €15.2 million 
in contributions to the Resolution Fund, €28.9 million in bank levies to the Resolution Fund and €25.3 million 
in contributions to the Single Resolution Fund (compared to €12.7 million, €27.4 million and €22.3 million, 
respectively, for the year ended 31 December 2020). 
With regard to additional periodic contributions, credit institutions established in Portugal, such as the Issuer 
and certain other members of the Group, are required to pay such contributions to the Resolution Fund in 
accordance with the provisions of Decree-Law No. 24/2013, of 19 February 2013 (ex vi Article 14(5) of Law 
No. 23-A/2015, of 26 March 2015, as amended). Following the agreement from the Portuguese Government 
and the EC to change the terms of the financing granted to the Resolution Fund, the Resolution Fund considered 
that the full payment of its liabilities, as well as its respective remuneration, was assured without the need for 
recourse to special contributions or any other type of extraordinary contributions by the banking sector. Despite 
this public announcement, there cannot be any assurance that the Group will not be required to make special 
contributions or any other type of extraordinary contributions to finance the Resolution Fund. Any requirement 
for the Issuer or the Group to make special contributions or an increase in required levels of periodic 
contributions to the Resolution Fund would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Risks relating to the adoption of a harmonised deposit guarantee scheme throughout the EU 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/49/EU, as amended, providing for the establishment of deposit guarantee 
schemes (the “Recast DGSD”) entered into force. The recast DGSD introduces harmonised funding 
requirements (including risk-based levies), protection for certain types of temporary high balances, a reduction 
in pay-out deadlines, harmonisation of eligibility categories (including an extension of scope to cover deposits 
by most companies regardless of size) and new disclosure requirements. The Recast DGSG was implemented 
in Portugal by Law 23-A/2015, of 26 March 2015, as amended, which amended the RGICSF.

--- Page 51 ---
43 
As a result of these developments, the Group may incur additional costs and liabilities which may adversely 
affect the Group’s results of operations and its financial condition. The additional indirect costs of the deposit 
guarantee systems may also be significant, even if they are much lower than the direct contributions to the fund, 
as in the case of the costs associated with the provision of detailed information to clients about products, as well 
as compliance with specific regulations on advertising for deposits or other products similar to deposits, thus 
affecting the activity of the relevant banks and consequently their business activities, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
Risks relating to data protection and privacy 
The processing of personal data by the Issuer and the Group is subject, notably, to: (i) Regulation (EU) 2016/679 
of 27 April 2016, as amended (“GDPR”); (ii) Law No. 58/2019, of 8 August 2019; (iii) any law approved for 
the adaptation of specific rules of the GDPR to the Portuguese jurisdiction; (iv) Directive 2002/58/EC of 12 
July 2002, as amended on privacy and electronic communications; and (v) Law No. 41/2004, of 18 August 
2004, as amended. 
The Issuer remains potentially exposed to the risk that the procedures implemented and the measures adopted 
with respect to the storage and processing of personal data relating to data subjects may prove to be inadequate 
and/or not in compliance with the laws and regulations in force from time to time and/or may not be promptly 
or properly implemented by employees and associates. Thus, the data could be subject to damage, loss, theft, 
disclosure or processing for purposes other than those authorised by the data subjects, or even use by 
unauthorised parties (whether third parties or employees of the Group). If any of these circumstances occur, 
there could be a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, reputation, financial condition, results of 
operation or prospects. 
Risks associated with the disposal of non-performing assets 
In recent years, the supervisory authorities have focused on the value of non-performing assets (“NPAs”) and 
the effectiveness and organisational structures of banks’ recovery processes. The importance of reducing the 
ratio of NPAs to total loans has been stressed on several occasions by the supervisory authorities.  
The Issuer has, mostly due to its “legacy” portfolio, a higher volume of NPAs, even when compared to its 
Portuguese peers, which are already considered to have a high volume of NPAs by both supervisory authorities 
and the market in general.  
The Issuer has approved a NPA reduction plan (2022 - 2024), which is expected to materially reduce the stock 
of NPAs (which mostly relates to NPLs) down to levels in line with peers, including sales to the market, 
potentially in the near term.  
However, the aim of the NPA reduction plan carries risk. The completion of the disposal of NPAs could result 
in a significant amount of additional losses being recorded by the Issuer due to the possible differential between 
their book value and the value that market participants are willing to offer for the NPAs. In addition, the final 
terms of any sale (if completed) may be significantly different from the Issuer’s expectations, as they depend 
on, among other things, market conditions at the time of the sale and the existence of a secondary NPL market.  
On 19 July 2017, the European Council agreed an action plan to address the problems of NPLs in the banking 
sector. On 31 October 2016, the EBA published the final guidance on management of non-performing and 
forborne exposures. These guidelines specify sound risk management practices for credit institutions in their 
management of NPAs and forborne exposures, including requirements on NPA reduction strategies, governance 
and operation of NPA workout framework, internal control framework and monitoring. 
The regulation amending the CRR to introduce common minimum coverage levels for potential losses 
stemming from newly originated loans that become non-performing has been published in the Official Journal

--- Page 52 ---
44 
on 17 April 2019 (Regulation (EU) 2019/630 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 17 April 2019 
amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013). This regulation establishes a requirement for credit institutions to 
build their loan loss reserve up to common minimum levels to cover the incurred and expected losses on newly 
originated loans that become non-performing. Where the minimum coverage requirement is not met, the 
difference between the actual coverage level and the requirement should be deducted from a bank’s own funds. 
The new rules should not be applied in relation to exposures originated prior to 26 April 2019. 
Other risks exist in relation to further requirements that may be imposed by the ECB, through guidelines or 
legislation, to accelerate the reduction of NPAs, such as the following, which are currently under discussion by 
the ECB: (i) reforms of insolvency and debt recovery frameworks, (ii) development of secondary markets for 
distressed assets, (iii) accelerated loss recognition with backstop provision limits, and (iv) requirements on the 
use of templates for information on NPLs.  
Furthermore, an increase in the entry levels of new NPLs may hinder the Issuer’s ability to reduce its NPL stock, 
including if, as a result of the end of the moratorium scheme in Portugal in September 2021, the stock of new 
NPLs is higher than anticipated by the Issuer.  
Any of the above could have negative effects on the business, results of operations, capital and financial position 
of the Issuer and/or of the Group. 
Banking institutions, including the Issuer, were legally obliged to apply the negative index value only 
to loans for acquisition or construction of own housing 
Law No. 32/2018, of 18 July, amending Decree-Law 74-A/2017, of 23 June 2017, on credit agreements for 
consumers relating to residential real estate property, entered into force on 19 July 2018 and, in the context of 
residential loan agreements, imposes on banking institutions the obligation to reflect the existence of negative 
rates in the calculation of interest rates applicable to the loans. 
According to this law, when the sum of the relevant index rate (such as EURIBOR) and the relevant margin is 
negative, this negative interest rate amount will have to either (i) be discounted from the principal amounts 
outstanding of the relevant loans or (ii) be converted into a credit which may in the future set off against positive 
interest rates (and ultimately be paid to the borrowers if it has not fully been set off at maturity). The Issuer has 
decided to apply the first option, i.e. to deduct the negative index interest rates from the principal amounts of 
outstanding debts. The introduction of this law, or other similar laws that may come into force in the future, 
could result in material adverse effects on the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
The use of standardised contracts and forms carries certain risks 
The Group maintains contractual relationships with a large number of clients. In all of the Group’s business 
areas and departments, the management of such a large number of legal relationships involves the use of general 
terms and conditions and standard templates for contracts and forms. This standardisation implies that for 
subjects that need clarification, contain drafting errors or require individual terms and conditions, the use of 
standard contracts and forms may pose a significant risk due to the large number of contracts entered into under 
these conditions. In light of amendments to the applicable legal frameworks as a result of new laws or judicial 
decisions, it is possible that not all standard contracts and forms used by the Issuer comply with every applicable 
legal requirement at all times. 
If there are drafting errors, interpretive issues, or if the individual contractual terms or the contracts are invalid 
in their entirety or in part, a large number of client relationships may be affected negatively. Any resulting 
claims for compensation or other legal consequences may have an adverse effect on the financial condition and 
operating results of the Issuer.

--- Page 53 ---
45 
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES  
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes are subject to resolution measures, including the 
general bail-in tool 
Holders are subject to the provisions of the BRRD relating to, inter alia, the bail-in of liabilities.  
Bail-in is any statutory write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power existing from time 
to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements relating to the 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms incorporated in the Republic of Portugal, in effect and 
applicable to the Issuer. 
In addition to the resolution tools (such as the general bail-in tool), the BRRD provides for resolution authorities 
to have the further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity capital instruments (such as Tier 2 
Notes) at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken (“non-viability loss 
absorption”).  
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability under 
the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets the conditions 
for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant authority or authorities, as the 
case may be, determine(s) that the relevant entity or its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital 
instruments are written-down or converted or (iii) extraordinary public financial support is required by the 
relevant entity or its group other than, where the relevant entity is an institution, for the purposes of remedying 
a serious disturbance in the economy of a Member State of the EEA and to preserve financial stability. 
On 3 September 2016, the EC adopted Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450, of 23 March 2016, 
supplementing the BRRD regulatory technical standards, which entered into force on 23 September 2016, 
specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the MREL. This required that institutions meet 
the MREL to avoid excessive reliance of forms of funding that are excluded from bail-in or other resolution 
measures and prevent the risk of contagion to other institutions and “bank run” situations, since failure to meet 
the MREL would negatively impact the institutions’ loss absorption and recapitalisation capacity and the overall 
effectiveness of the resolution. 
See “—Risks relating to the Issuer—Legal and regulatory risks—Risks relating to the Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive and the Single Resolution Mechanism” for a further description. 
The remedies available to Holders under the Notes are limited 
Holders may not at any time demand repayment or redemption of their Notes, although in a Winding-Up the 
Holders will have a claim for an amount equal to the principal amount of the Notes together with any accrued 
interest and any Additional Amounts thereon.  
The sole remedy in the event of any non-payment of principal or interest under the Notes, subject to certain 
conditions as described in Condition 6 (Default), is that a Holder may, subject to applicable laws, institute 
proceedings for the winding-up of the Issuer and/or prove for any payment obligations of the Issuer arising 
under the Notes in any Winding-Up or other insolvency proceedings in respect of such non-payment.  
The remedies under the Notes are more limited than those typically available to the Issuer’s senior (non-MREL) 
or unsubordinated creditors. For further details regarding the limited remedies of Holders, see Condition 6 
(Default).

--- Page 54 ---
46 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of Tier 2 Notes are unsecured and subordinated to the claims 
of Senior Creditors 
Tier 2 Notes constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
On a Winding-Up of the Issuer, all claims in respect of Tier 2 Notes will rank junior to the claims of all Senior 
Creditors (as defined in the Conditions) of the Issuer. If, on a liquidation of the Issuer, the assets of the Issuer 
are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay the claims of more senior-ranking creditors in full, Holders will 
lose their entire investment in the Tier 2 Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims 
of senior-ranking creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims in respect of its obligations 
in respect of the Tier 2 Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with the Tier 2 Notes, Holders will lose 
all or some (which may be substantially all) of their investment in the Tier 2 Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Holders shall, in a liquidation of the Issuer, have no claim in respect of the surplus 
assets (if any) of the Issuer remaining in any liquidation following payment of all amounts due in respect of the 
liabilities of the Issuer. 
Although Tier 2 Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than securities which are not subordinated, there is a 
substantial risk that the Holders will lose all or some of the value of their investment should the Issuer become 
insolvent. 
Limitation on gross-up obligation under the Notes 
The obligation under Condition 7 (Taxation) to pay Additional Amounts in the event of any withholding or 
deduction in respect of taxes on any payments under the terms of the Notes applies only to payments of interest 
and not to payments of principal or any such other amount. As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay 
any Additional Amounts under the terms of the Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to 
payments of principal or any such other amount. Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to 
apply to any payments of principal or any such other amount under the Notes, Holders may receive less than 
the full amount of principal or any such other such amount due under the Notes upon redemption, and the 
market value of such Notes may be adversely affected. 
Further, the obligation under Condition 7 (Taxation) to pay Additional Amounts in the event of any withholding 
or deduction in respect of taxes on any interest payments is subject to certain exceptions, including where a 
Holder fails to comply with certain documentary and/or information obligations as foreseen under the STRIDS 
(as defined in the section “Taxation”) regime, in which case the Issuer would not be required to pay any 
Additional Amounts and the Holders would potentially receive less than the full amount of interest due under 
the Notes. Holders are advised to consult their own tax advisers and to closely monitor any applicable 
documentary and information requirements. 
Risks relating to withholding tax 
Under Portuguese law, income derived from the Notes integrated in and held through a centralised system 
managed by Portuguese resident entities (such as the CVM), by other EU or EEA entities that manage 
international clearing systems (in the latter case if there is administrative cooperation for tax purposes with the 
relevant country which is equivalent to that in place within the EU), or, when authorised by the member of the 
government in charge of finance (currently the Finance Minister), in other centralised systems held by non-
resident investors (both individual and corporate) eligible for the debt securities special tax exemption regime 
which was approved by Decree-law 193/2005, of 7 November 2005, as amended (“Decree-law 193/2005”) and 
in force from 1 January 2006, may benefit from withholding tax exemption, provided that certain procedures 
and certification requirements are complied with.

--- Page 55 ---
47 
Failure to comply with procedures, declarations, certifications or others, will result in the application of the 
relevant Portuguese domestic withholding tax to the payments without giving rise to an obligation to gross up 
by the Issuer. 
It should also be noted that, if interest and other income derived from the Notes is paid or made available 
(“colocado à disposição”) to accounts in the name of one or more accountholders acting on behalf of 
undisclosed entities (e.g. typically “jumbo” accounts) such income will be subject to withholding tax in Portugal 
at a rate of 35 per cent. unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed. Failure by the investors to comply 
with this disclosure obligation will result in the application of the said Portuguese withholding tax at a rate of 
35 per cent. and the Issuer will not be required to gross up payments in respect of any withheld accounts in 
accordance with Condition 7 (Taxation). 
Further, interest and other types of investment income obtained by non-resident holders (individuals or legal 
persons) without a Portuguese permanent establishment to which the income is attributable that are domiciled 
in a country, territory or region included in the “tax havens” list approved by Ministerial order 150/2004, of 13 
February 2004 (as amended from time to time) is subject to withholding tax at 35 per cent., which is the final 
tax on that income, unless Decree-law 193/2005 applies and the beneficial owners are central banks and 
government agencies, international organisations recognised by the Portuguese State, residents in a country or 
jurisdiction with which Portugal has entered into a double tax treaty or a tax information exchange agreement 
in force. 
The Issuer will not be required to gross up payments in respect of any such non-resident holders, in accordance 
with Condition 7 (Taxation). 
See details of the Portuguese taxation regime in the section “Taxation—Portugal”. 
The terms of the Notes may be modified, or the Notes may be substituted, by the Issuer without the 
consent of the Holders in certain circumstances 
If “Substitution and Variation” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if a Tax Event, 
a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event or a Capital Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing or in 
order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 12(d) (Acknowledgement of Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers), the Issuer may (subject to certain conditions) at any time substitute all (but not some only) 
of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Loss Absorption 
Compliant Notes or Tier 2 Compliant Notes, as applicable, without the consent of the Holders. 
Loss Absorption Compliant Notes and Tier 2 Compliant Notes must have terms which are not materially less 
favourable to Holders than the terms of the Notes, as reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with 
an independent investment bank or financial adviser of international standing, save where the governing law of 
Condition 12(d) (Acknowledgement of Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) is changed in order to ensure the 
effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 12(d) (Acknowledgement of Statutory Loss Absorption Powers). 
However, there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of a Holder, such Loss Absorption 
Compliant Notes or Tier 2 Compliant Notes will be as favourable to each investor in all respects or that, if it 
were entitled to do so, a particular investor would make the same determination as the Issuer as to whether the 
terms of the Loss Absorption Compliant Notes or Tier 2 Compliant Notes are not materially less favourable to 
Holders than the terms of the Notes.  
There is no limit on the amount or type of further bonds or indebtedness that the Issuer may issue, 
incur or guarantee 
There is no restriction on the amount of bonds or other liabilities that the Issuer may issue, incur or guarantee 
and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Notes. The issue, incurrence or guaranteeing of any such bonds

--- Page 56 ---
48 
or other liabilities may reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by Holders during a winding-up or administration 
or resolution of the Issuer and may limit the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
Holders will have to rely on Interbolsa procedures 
Form and transfer of the Notes 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme will be in uncertificated, dematerialised book-entry form and cleared 
in Interbolsa, through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Legal title to 
the Notes will be evidenced by book entries in individual Securities Accounts established by Affiliate Members 
of Interbolsa. Transfers of title to the Notes will take place in accordance with Portuguese law and the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Interbolsa. 
Each person who is for the time being shown in individual Securities Accounts established by an Affiliate 
Member of Interbolsa as the Holder of a particular principal amount of the Notes shall be treated by the Issuer 
and the Paying Agent as the Holder of such principal amount of such Notes for all purposes. 
Payment Procedures of the Notes 
Whilst the Notes are registered with Interbolsa, payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will 
be (a) credited, according to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, by the relevant Paying Agent (acting 
on behalf of the Issuer) from the payment current account which the Paying Agent has indicated to, and has 
been accepted by, Interbolsa to be used on the Paying Agent’s behalf for payments in respect of the Notes to the 
payment current accounts held according to the applicable procedures and regulations of Interbolsa by the 
Affiliate Members of Interbolsa whose control accounts with the CVM are credited with such Notes and 
thereafter (b) credited by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from the aforementioned payment current 
accounts to the accounts of the Holders of those Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to 
the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Notes, in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be. 
The Holders must rely on the procedures of Interbolsa to receive payment under the Notes. The Issuer will have 
no responsibility or liability for the records relating to payments made in respect of beneficial interests in the 
Notes.  
Holders may not require the redemption of the Notes prior to their maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will mature on the Maturity Date. The Issuer 
is under no obligation to redeem Notes at any time prior thereto and Holders have no right to require the Issuer 
to redeem or purchase any Notes at any time. Prior to the Maturity Date, any redemption of the Notes and the 
purchase of any Notes by the Issuer will be subject always to receiving Regulatory Permission or Supervisory 
Permission (each as defined in the Conditions), and Holders may not be able to sell their Notes in the secondary 
market (if at all) at a price equal to or higher than the price at which they purchased their Notes. Accordingly, 
investors in the Notes should be prepared to hold their Notes for a significant period of time. 
The Notes are subject to early redemption at the option of the Issuer and upon the occurrence of 
certain tax and regulatory events, subject to certain conditions being met 
If Call Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option, subject 
to the conditions set out in Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, Variation and Purchase of 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption, 
Substitution, Variation and Purchase Tier 2 Notes), as applicable, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes 
at their Optional Redemption Amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 57 ---
49 
In addition, upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event or a Capital 
Disqualification Event, as applicable, the Issuer may, at its option, subject to the conditions set out in Condition 
4(k) (Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, Variation and Purchase of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) or Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, Variation and Purchase Tier 
2 Notes), as applicable, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount, together 
with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, Variation and Purchase of Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) provides that any redemption, substitution, variation or purchase (as the case may 
be) of the Notes in accordance with Conditions 4(c) (Redemption due to Tax Event), 4(d) (Redemption following 
the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event), 4(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), 4(g) 
(Clean-Up Call Option), 4(h) (Substitution or Variation) and 4(i) (Purchases) is subject to the Issuer obtaining 
prior Regulatory Permission (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, Article 78(a) of CRR II sets out 
circumstances in which the relevant resolution authority for an institution shall grant permission for such 
institution to call, redeem, repay or repurchase eligible liabilities, such as the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) therefor, save that, if at the time of any redemption the prevailing Loss Absorption 
Regulations permit the repayment only after compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre-
conditions to those set out in Condition 4(j) (Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, Variation and Purchase 
of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes), the Issuer shall comply with such other and/or, as 
appropriate, additional pre-condition(s). As such redemption is subject to the Issuer obtaining Regulatory 
Permission, the outcome may not necessarily reflect the commercial intention of the Issuer or the commercial 
expectations of Holders and this may have an adverse impact on the market value of the Notes. 
Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, Variation and Purchase of Tier 2 Notes) provides that 
any redemption, substitution, variation or purchase (as the case may be) of the Notes in accordance with 
Conditions 4(c) (Redemption due to Tax Event), (e) (Redemption following the occurrence of a Capital 
Disqualification Event), (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), 4(g) (Clean-Up Call Option), 4(h) 
(Substitution or Variation) and 4(i) (Purchases) is subject to the Issuer obtaining prior Supervisory Permission 
(as at the date of this Base Prospectus, Article 78(a) of CRR II sets out circumstances in which the relevant 
resolution authority for an institution shall grant permission for such institution to call, redeem, repay or 
repurchase own funds instruments, such as the Tier 2 Notes) therefor, save that, if at the time of any redemption 
the prevailing Regulatory Capital Requirements permit the repayment only after compliance with one or more 
alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out in Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption, 
Substitution, Variation and Purchase of Tier 2 Notes), the Issuer shall comply with such other and/or, as 
appropriate, additional pre-condition(s). As such redemption is subject to the Issuer obtaining Supervisory 
Permission, the outcome may not necessarily reflect the commercial intention of the Issuer or the commercial 
expectations of Holders and this may have an adverse impact on the market value of the Notes. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. Further, during periods when there is an increased likelihood, or 
perceived increased likelihood, that the Notes will be redeemed early, the market value of the Notes may be 
adversely affected.  
If the Issuer redeems the Notes in any of the circumstances mentioned above, there is a risk that the Notes may 
be redeemed at times when the redemption proceeds are less than the current market value of the Notes or when 
prevailing interest rates may be relatively low, in which latter case Holders may only be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds in securities with a lower yield. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in 
light of other investments available at that time.

--- Page 58 ---
50 
The events referred to above may occur and lead to circumstances in which the Issuer may elect to redeem the 
Notes, but even then, the Issuer may not satisfy the conditions or may not elect to redeem the Notes. The Issuer 
may be more likely to exercise its option to redeem the Notes if the Issuer’s funding costs would be lower than 
the prevailing interest rate payable in respect of the Notes. If the Notes are so redeemed the Holders may not 
be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as 
their investment in the Notes.  
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as a Reference Rate or the component 
part of a Mid-Swap Rate), are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals 
for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms 
may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any 
Notes linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”.  
The BMR was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 29 June 2016 and became applicable 
from 1 January 2018. The BMR applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) 
of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK BMR”) 
applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark 
within the UK. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, 
if non-UK-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents 
certain uses by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, 
if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The BMR and the UK BMR could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark” 
(such as Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes), in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
“benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the BMR and/or the UK BMR. Such 
changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility 
of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
“benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
The potential elimination of any benchmark (including, for example, EURIBOR), or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, could require an adjustment to the Conditions, or result in other consequences, 
in respect of any Notes linked to such benchmark. Such factors may have the following effects on certain 
“benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the 
“benchmark”, (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.

--- Page 59 ---
51 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the BMR and/or the UK BMR in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.  
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such as 
EURIBOR or other relevant reference rates (including, without limitation, mid-swap rates) and including any 
page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service), becomes unavailable or a 
Benchmark Event otherwise occurs, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference 
to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate and that such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be adjusted (if 
required). If a Benchmark Event occurs, in accordance with Condition 3(k) (Benchmark Discontinuation), the 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine a Successor Rate or 
an Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest is likely to result in the Notes performing differently (which 
may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to 
continue to be referenced. In addition, the market (if any) for Notes linked to any such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate may be less liquid than the market for Notes linked to the Original Reference Rate. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Conditions also provide 
that an Adjustment Spread will be determined by the Independent Adviser and applied to such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate. If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will apply 
without an Adjustment Spread. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by the 
Independent Adviser, the Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions as necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval 
of Holders. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately 
preceding Interest Accrual Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, 
Reset Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined using the Original Reference Rate last displayed on the 
Relevant Screen Page prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date. 
Meetings of Holders and modification 
The Conditions of the Notes and the Instrument will contain provisions for calling meetings of Holders to 
consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Holders including Holders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Holders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
The quorum requirements for such meetings does not require all Holders to vote or be present. The quorum at 
any meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons holding or representing more 
than 50 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting 
one or more persons being or representing Holders whatever the principal amount of the Notes so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain Conditions 
(including, inter alia, the provisions regarding ranking referred to in Condition 2 (Status; No Set-Off), the terms 
concerning currency and due dates for payment of principal or interest payments in respect of the Notes and 
reducing or cancelling the principal amount of, or interest on, any Notes, or the Rate of Interest or varying the 
method of calculating the Rate of Interest) the quorum will be one or more persons holding or representing not

--- Page 60 ---
52 
less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned such meeting not less than one-third, in principal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding.  
In addition, the Agent and the Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, make any modification of the 
Conditions, the Instrument or the Agency Terms which (i) is not prejudicial to the interests of the Holders, (ii) 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature, (iii) is made to correct a manifest error, or (iv) is to comply with 
mandatory provisions of any applicable law or regulation. Any such modification shall be binding on the 
Holders and shall be notified to the Holders as soon as practicable.  
Each investor in the Notes must act independently as they do not have the benefit of a trustee 
Because the Notes will not be issued pursuant to an indenture or a trust deed, the Holders will not have the 
benefit of a trustee to act upon their behalf and each investor will be responsible for acting independently with 
respect to certain matters affecting their interests in the Notes including instituting proceedings, following an 
event described in Condition 7(b) (Enforcement), and responding to any requests for consents, waivers or 
amendments.  
Change of law 
The Conditions of the Notes will be governed by the laws of England save that the provisions of (i) Condition 
1 (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer) relating to the form (representação formal) and transfer of the 
Notes, creation of security over the Notes and the Interbolsa procedures for the exercise of rights under the 
Notes; (ii) Condition 2 (Status; No Set-Off) relating to the ranking of the Notes and set-off and (iii) Condition 
12(d) (Acknowledgement of Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, the laws of Portugal. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial 
decision or change to the laws of England or Portugal or administrative practice after the date of this Base 
Prospectus. As set out above, any security interests (rights in rem) granted by the Holders thereof over the Notes 
will need to comply with the mandatory requirements of Portuguese law, including relating to perfection.  
A Holder’s actual yield on the Notes may be reduced from the stated yield by transaction costs 
When Notes are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction fees and commissions) 
are incurred in addition to the current price of the security. These incidental costs may significantly reduce or 
even exclude the profit potential of the Notes. For instance, credit institutions as a rule charge their clients for 
own commissions which are either fixed minimum commissions or pro-rata commissions depending on the 
order value. To the extent that additional - domestic or foreign - parties are involved in the execution of an order, 
including but not limited to domestic dealers or brokers in foreign markets, Holders must take into account that 
they may also be charged for the brokerage fees, commissions and other fees and expenses of such parties (third 
party costs). 
In addition to such costs directly related to the purchase of Notes (direct costs), Holders must also take into 
account any follow-up costs (such as custody fees). Prospective investors should inform themselves about any 
additional costs incurred in connection with the purchase, custody or sale of the Notes before investing in the 
Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.

--- Page 61 ---
53 
In addition, rating agencies may assign unsolicited ratings to the Notes. In such circumstances there can be no 
assurance that the unsolicited rating(s) will not be lower than the comparable solicited ratings assigned to the 
Notes, which could adversely affect the market value and liquidity of the Notes. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended). Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EEA 
rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list of registered and certified 
rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not 
conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays 
between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the 
updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use, for UK regulatory purposes, ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-
UK credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by a UK-registered credit rating agency 
or the relevant non-UK rating agency is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list of 
registered and certified rating agencies published by the FCA on its website in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there 
may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated FCA list. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EU or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which 
may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to fluctuate 
more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. 
Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the relevant Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the relevant 
First Reset Date. On the relevant First Reset Date, the relevant Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each 
relevant Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the Rate of Interest will be reset to the sum of the relevant 
Reset Rate and the relevant margin as determined by the Agent Bank on the relevant Reset Determination Date 
(each such interest rate, a "Subsequent Rate of Interest"). The Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for any Reset 
Period could be less than the relevant Initial Rate of Interest or the relevant Subsequent Rate of Interest for the 
prior Reset Period, which could adversely affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Reset Notes.

--- Page 62 ---
54 
3. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE MARKET GENERALLY 
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk and 
interest rate risk. 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
If a market for the Notes does develop, the trading price of the Notes may be subject to wide fluctuations in 
response to many factors, including those referred to in this risk factor, as well as stock market fluctuations and 
general economic conditions that may adversely affect the market price of the Notes. Publicly traded bonds 
from time to time experience significant price and volume fluctuations that may be unrelated to the operating 
performance of the companies that have issued them, and such volatility may be increased in an illiquid market, 
including in circumstances where a significant proportion of the Notes are held by a limited number of initial 
investor(s). If any market in the Notes does develop, it may become severely restricted, or may disappear, if the 
financial condition of the Issuer deteriorates such that there is an actual or perceived increased likelihood of the 
Issuer being unable to pay interest on the Notes in full, or of the Notes being subject to loss absorption under 
an applicable statutory loss absorption regime. In addition, the market price of the Notes may fluctuate 
significantly in response to a number of factors, some of which are beyond the Issuer’s control.  
Any or all of such events could result in material fluctuations in the price of Notes which could lead to investors 
losing some or all of their investment. 
The issue price of the Notes might not be indicative of prices that will prevail in the trading market, and there 
can be no assurance that an investor would be able to sell its Notes at or near the price which it paid for them, 
or at a price that would provide it with a yield comparable to more conventional investments that have a 
developed secondary market. 
Moreover, although the Issuer and any subsidiary of the Issuer can (subject to regulatory approval and 
compliance with prevailing prudential and/or regulatory requirements) purchase Notes at any time, they have 
no obligation to do so. Purchases made by the Issuer could affect the liquidity of the secondary market of the 
Notes and thus the price and the conditions under which investors can negotiate these Notes on the secondary 
market. 
In addition, Holders should be aware of the prevailing credit market conditions (which continue at the date of 
this Base Prospectus), whereby there is a general lack of liquidity in the secondary market which may result in 
investors suffering losses on the Notes in secondary resales even if there is no decline in the performance of the 
Notes or the assets of the Issuer. The Issuer cannot predict whether these circumstances will change and whether, 
if and when they do change, there will be a more liquid market for the Notes and instruments similar to the 
Notes at that time.  
Although application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading 
on Euronext Dublin, there is no assurance that such application will be accepted or that an active trading market 
in any Notes issued under the Programme (whether listed on Euronext Dublin or not) will develop. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than Specified Currency. These include the risk that

--- Page 63 ---
55 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) 
the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal as measured in the Investor’s Currency.

--- Page 64 ---
56 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following: 
(1) 
an English translation of the audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Group and related 
audit report for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, which can be found on pages 162 – 315 and 
447 – 450 of the Group’s 2021 Annual Report (which can be viewed online at 
https://www.novobanco.pt/content/dam/novobancopublicsites/docs/pdfs/relatorio-e-
contas/NovoBanco_AnnualReport2021_Non-ESEF.pdf); 
(2) 
an English translation of the audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Group and related 
audit report for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, which can be found on pages 200 – 364 and 
500 – 509 of the Group’s 2020 Annual Report (which can be viewed online at 
https://www.novobanco.pt/site/cms.aspx?srv=207&stp=1&id=1048354&fext=.pdf);  
(3) 
an English translation of the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial information of the 
Group and related limited review report for the six months ended 30 June 2022, which can be found on 
pages 58 – 153 and page 233 of the Group’s 2022 interim report (which can be viewed online at 
https://www.novobanco.pt/content/dam/novobancopublicsites/docs/pdfs/relatorio-e-
contas/Report%20and%20Accounts_novobanco_1H22_EN.pdf); and 
(4) 
information on APMs contained on pages 88 - 91 of the Group’s 2021 Annual Report (which can be 
viewed online at https://www.novobanco.pt/content/dam/novobancopublicsites/docs/pdfs/relatorio-e-
contas/NovoBanco_AnnualReport2021_Non-ESEF.pdf), 
together, the “Documents Incorporated by Reference”. 
The Documents Incorporated by Reference have been previously published or are published simultaneously 
with this Base Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland. The Documents Incorporated 
by Reference shall be incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained 
in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this 
Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as 
so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Those parts of the Documents Incorporated 
by Reference which are not specifically incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are either not relevant 
for prospective investors in the Notes or the relevant information is included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the Documents Incorporated by Reference shall not 
form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) from 
the 
registered 
office 
of 
the 
Issuer 
and 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.

--- Page 65 ---
57 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following (other than any paragraphs in italics) is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to 
completion in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the applicable Final Terms, shall be applicable to 
the Notes. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may 
be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are governed by these terms and conditions (the “Conditions” and references to a numbered 
“Condition” shall be construed accordingly) and a deed poll given by Novo Banco, S.A. (the “Issuer”) in 
favour of the Holders dated 1 September 2022 (the “Instrument”). The Notes also have the benefit of the 
Agency Terms dated 1 September 2022 (as amended and/or restated and/or supplemented as at the date of issue 
of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), the “Agency Terms”). The Issuer will be the initial paying agent (the “Paying 
Agent”) and (if relevant) the initial agent bank (the “Agent Bank”) in respect of the Notes. The Holders are 
entitled to the benefits of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Instrument 
and the Agency Terms applicable to them. Copies of the Instrument and the Agency Terms are available for 
inspection by Holders during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer. The Agent Bank, the 
Paying Agent and their respective successors, assigns and replacements shall be referred to as the “Agents”. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of 
the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined in the Instrument or the Agency Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated and provided that, in the event of any inconsistency between the Agency Terms and the Instrument, the 
Instrument will prevail and that in the event of any inconsistency between the Agency Terms or the Instrument 
and the Conditions, the Conditions will prevail. 
1 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
The Notes are issued in dematerialised book-entry (forma escritural) and registered (nominativas) form in the 
Specified Denomination as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Notes are constituted by registration in individual securities accounts (“Securities Accounts”) and are 
registered with the Central de Valores Mobiliários (the “CVM”), a Portuguese Securities Centralised System 
managed and operated by Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas 
Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. (“Interbolsa”). Each person shown in the individual Securities 
Accounts held with an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa as having an interest in the Notes shall be considered the 
Holder of the principal amount of Notes recorded therein. 
Title to the Notes passes upon registration in the relevant individual Securities Accounts held with an Affiliate 
Member of Interbolsa. Any Holder will (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner 
for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest in 
respect of it) and no person will be liable for so treating the Holder. 
This Note is a senior preferred Note (a “Senior Preferred Note”), a senior non-preferred Note (a “Senior Non-
Preferred Note”) or a tier 2 Note (a “Tier 2 Note”), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Reset Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
In these Conditions, “Holder” means the person in whose name a Note is registered in the relevant individual 
Securities Accounts held with an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa.

--- Page 66 ---
58 
2 
Status; No Set-Off 
(a) 
Status of Senior Preferred Notes 
(i) 
This Condition 2(a) only applies to Notes which are specified as Senior Preferred Notes in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
The Notes constitute direct, unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. 
(iii) 
The Issuer and, by virtue of its holding of any Note or any beneficial interest therein, each Holder 
acknowledge and agree that if a Winding-Up occurs, the rights and claims of the Holders against 
the Issuer in respect of, or arising under, each Note shall be for (in lieu of any other payment by 
the Issuer) an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount of the relevant Note, together with, 
to the extent not otherwise included within the foregoing, any other amounts attributable to such 
Note, including any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, Additional Amounts and any damages 
awarded for breach of any obligations in respect of such Note, provided however that such rights 
and claims shall rank: 
(A) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Higher Priority Liabilities, save 
for those Senior Higher Priority Liabilities that have been accorded by law preferential 
rights; and 
(B) 
senior to (i) Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities and (ii) all present and future subordinated 
obligations (including for the avoidance of doubt, all Tier 2 Notes) and all classes of share 
capital of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(i) 
This Condition 2(b) only applies to Notes which are specified as Senior Non-Preferred Notes in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
The Notes constitute direct, unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. 
(iii) 
The Issuer and, by virtue of its holding of any Note or any beneficial interest therein, each Holder 
acknowledge and agree that if a Winding-Up occurs, the rights and claims of the Holders against 
the Issuer in respect of, or arising under, each Note shall be for (in lieu of any other payment by 
the Issuer) an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount of the relevant Note, together with, 
to the extent not otherwise included within the foregoing, any other amounts attributable to such 
Note, including any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, Additional Amounts and any damages 
awarded for breach of any obligations in respect of such Note, provided however that such rights 
and claims shall rank: 
(A) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; 
(B) 
junior to (i) as at the Issue Date of the first tranche of the Notes, any excluded liabilities 
pursuant to Article 72a(2) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (as amended, the “CRR”) and 
(ii) any Senior Higher Priority Liabilities (and, accordingly, upon the Winding-Up of the 
Issuer, the claims in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be met after payment in 
full of (I) as at the Issue Date of the first tranche of the Notes, any excluded liabilities 
pursuant to Article 72a(2) of the CRR and (II) the Senior Higher Priority Liabilities) in 
accordance with Article 8-A; and

--- Page 67 ---
59 
(C) 
senior to all present and future subordinated obligations (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, (i) all Tier 2 Notes and all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer which 
constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital 
constitute, Tier 2 Capital and all obligations which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari 
passu therewith and (ii) all obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or would but for any 
applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 1 Capital and all 
obligations which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu therewith) and all classes of 
share capital of the Issuer in accordance with Article 8-A. 
(c) 
Status of Tier 2 Notes 
(i) 
This Condition 2(c) only applies to Notes which are specified as Tier 2 Notes in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(ii) 
The Notes constitute direct, unsecured and unguaranteed obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu and without any preference among themselves. The rights and claims of Holders in respect 
of, or arising under, their Notes (including any damages awarded for breach of obligations in 
respect thereof) are subordinated as described in this Condition 2(c). 
(iii) 
The Issuer and, by virtue of its holding of any Note or any beneficial interest therein, each Holder 
acknowledge and agree that if a Winding-Up occurs, the rights and claims of the Holders against 
the Issuer in respect of, or arising under, each Note shall be for (in lieu of any other payment by 
the Issuer) an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount of the relevant Note, together with, 
to the extent not otherwise included within the foregoing, any other amounts attributable to such 
Note, including any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, Additional Amounts and any damages 
awarded for breach of any obligations in respect of such Note, provided however that such rights 
and claims shall (to the extent permitted by applicable law) be subordinated as provided in this 
Condition 2(c) to the claims of all Senior Creditors and shall rank: 
(A) 
at least pari passu with the claims of holders of all other subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer which constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such 
capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital and all obligations which rank, or are expressed to rank, 
pari passu therewith; and 
(B) 
senior to the claims of holders of all obligations of the Issuer which constitute, or would 
but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 1 Capital 
and all obligations which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu therewith and to the 
claims of holders of all classes of share capital of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Set-Off 
Subject to applicable law, no Holder may exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, compensation or 
retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection 
with the Notes or the Instrument and each Holder shall, by virtue of their holding of any Note, be deemed, 
to the extent permitted under applicable law, to have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation or 
retention. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of the amounts owing to any Holder by the 
Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with the Notes is discharged by set-off, such Holder 
shall, subject to applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the 
Issuer (or, in the event of its Winding-Up, the liquidator, special liquidator or other relevant insolvency 
official, as the case may be, of the Issuer) and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold an amount 
equal to such amount in trust for the Issuer (or the liquidator, special liquidator or other relevant

--- Page 68 ---
60 
insolvency official, as the case may be, of the Issuer) and accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed 
not to have taken place. 
3 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from, and including, the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall 
be determined in accordance with Condition 3(g). 
(b) 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rates of Interest and Reset Note Interest Payment Dates 
Subject to Condition 3(k), each Reset Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount: 
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date up to (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Initial Rate of 
Interest; 
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if 
no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date, 
at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; 
and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest.  
Interest will be payable in arrear on each Reset Note Interest Payment Date and on the date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Maturity Date if that does not fall on a Reset Note 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 3(g). 
Save as otherwise provided herein, the provisions applicable to Fixed Rate Notes shall apply to 
Reset Notes. 
(ii) 
Fallback Provisions 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, subject to Condition 3(k), the Agent Bank 
shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Agent Bank with its Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question.  
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Agent Bank with Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) 
for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), with such sum 
converted as set out in the definition of First Reset Rate of Interest or Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable), all as determined by the Agent Bank.

--- Page 69 ---
61 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one of the Reference Banks provides the Agent Bank 
with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 3(b)(ii), the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotation and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), with such sum converted 
as set out in the definition of First Reset Rate of Interest or Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable), all as determined by the Agent Bank. 
If on any Reset Determination Date none of the Reference Banks provides the Agent Bank with 
a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Condition 
3(b)(ii), the Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation shall be deemed to be the quotation (expressed as 
a percentage rate per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate which was last displayed 
on the Relevant Screen Page prior to the Reset Determination Date and the First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be the sum of such quotation 
and the First Margin or the Subsequent Margin (as applicable), with such sum converted as set 
out in the definition of First Reset Rate of Interest or Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable), all as determined by the Agent Bank. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from, and including, 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount 
of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 3(g). Such Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are either as specified in the applicable Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates 
or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, Interest 
Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the Specified Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that 
is a Business Day;  
(B) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the 
next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day; or  
(C) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day.

--- Page 70 ---
62 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms and the provisions below 
relating to Screen Rate Determination shall apply. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 3(k) and as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, 
as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case 
of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the Agent 
Bank. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only 
of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent Bank for the purpose of determining 
the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(B) 
If, subject to Condition 3(k), the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph 
(A)(1) applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if 
sub-paragraph (A)(2) above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the time specified above, subject as 
provided below, the Agent Bank shall request, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Agent Bank 
with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on 
the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide 
the Agent Bank with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Agent 
Bank. 
(C) 
If paragraph (B) above applies and the Agent Bank determines that fewer than two 
Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Agent Bank by the Reference Banks or any 
two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-
zone inter-bank market or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Agent 
Bank with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic 
mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest

--- Page 71 ---
63 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
reasonable opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Agent Bank it is 
quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph (and subject to Condition 3(k), the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(D) 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Agent Bank by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which 
shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, provided however, that if there is no rate available for the period of time next 
shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent Bank shall determine such rate 
at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon Notes is repayable prior to the 
Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be 
the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any 
overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 4(b)(i)). 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note from (and including) the due date for redemption thereof or 
the date of substitution thereof unless payment of all amounts is not properly and duly made, in which 
event interest shall continue to accrue on the Notes (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of 
Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 3 to the Relevant Date.  
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the applicable Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the 
case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with Condition 3(c) above by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting the (if a negative number) the absolute value of such Margin, subject always to the 
next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest, Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject 
to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be.

--- Page 72 ---
64 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage point 
being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (provided that if 
the eighth significant figure is a 5 or greater, the seventh significant figure shall be rounded up) 
and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with half a unit being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded 
down to the nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country or countries of such currency. 
(g) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination in respect of any Note for any Interest 
Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Specified Denomination specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an 
Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which 
case the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination in respect of such Note for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Clean-up Call 
Option Amounts 
The Agent Bank shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date (as applicable) or such other time on such date as the Agent Bank may be required to calculate any 
rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and 
calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, calculate the 
Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Clean-up Call 
Option Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, 
and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date or Reset Note Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or 
Clean-up Call Option Amount to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agent (if a different entity to the 
Agent Bank), any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed and/or admitted to 
trading and, in accordance with Condition 10, the Holders, in each case as soon as practicable after its 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Accrual Period or 
Reset Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. 
Where any date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 3(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the Interest Accrual Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 6, the accrued interest 
and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously in accordance with this Condition 3 but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest 
Amount so calculated need be made. 
(i) 
Agent Bank and Reference Banks 
Whenever a function expressed in these Conditions to be performed by the Agent Bank or the Reference 
Banks falls to be performed, the Issuer will appoint and (for so long as such function is required to be

--- Page 73 ---
65 
performed) maintain an Agent Bank and (if required) the number of Reference Banks provided in these 
Conditions where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated by reference to them (or any quotations 
provided by them).  
The Issuer may from time to time replace the Agent Bank or any Reference Bank with another leading 
investment, merchant or commercial bank or financial institution. If the Agent Bank is unable or 
unwilling to continue to act as the Agent Bank or fails duly to determine the Rate of Interest for an 
Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Clean-up Call Option Amount, as the case 
may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint another leading 
investment, merchant or commercial bank or financial institution in the Euro-zone to act as such in its 
place. The Agent Bank may not resign its duties or be removed without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. A Reference Bank may not be the Issuer or any of its affiliates. 
(j) 
Determinations of Agent Bank Binding 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 3 by the Agent Bank, shall (in the absence 
of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent Bank, the Paying Agent and all Holders and (in 
the absence of wilful default or negligence) no liability to the Holders or the Issuer shall attach to the 
Agent Bank in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of any of its powers, duties and 
discretions. 
(k) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(k) only, in respect of any Reset Notes, references in this Condition 
3(k) to (i) “Interest Determination Date” shall be read as references to “Reset Determination Date”, (ii) 
“Interest Accrual Period” shall be read as references to “Reset Period”, (iii) “Interest Payment Date” 
shall be read as references to “Reset Date” and (iv) “Margin” shall be read as references to the “First 
Margin” or the “Subsequent Margin”, as applicable. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 3(k)(ii)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 3(k)(iv)), 
provided that such appointment need not be made earlier than 30 days prior to the first date on 
which the Original Reference Rate is to be used to determine any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof). In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed 
pursuant to this Condition 3(k) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the Issuer, the Agent Bank, the Paying Agent or the Holders for any determination made by it, 
pursuant to this Condition 3(k). 
If (a) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (b) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 3(k)(i) prior to the date which is 10 Business Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the

--- Page 74 ---
66 
Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined using the Original Reference Rate 
last displayed on the Relevant Screen Page prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be substituted in place of the 
Margin, the Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant 
next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of 
this Condition 3(k)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, determines that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (in respect of periods beginning after the end of the then current Interest Accrual 
Period or, if the Issuer determines on or prior to the first Interest Determination Date that 
a Benchmark Event has occurred, in respect of periods beginning from the next occurring 
Interest Determination Date onwards), subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 3(k); or 
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (in respect of periods beginning after the 
end of the then current Interest Accrual Period or, if the Issuer determines on or prior to 
the first Interest Determination Date that a Benchmark Event has occurred, in respect of 
periods beginning from the next occurring Interest Determination Date onwards), subject 
to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(k). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the 
Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) 
will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 3(k) and the Independent Adviser determines (i) 
that amendments to these Conditions, the Instrument or the Agency Terms are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 3(k)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of

--- Page 75 ---
67 
Holders, vary these Conditions, the Instrument or the Agency Terms to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3(k)(iv), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3(k), no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate will be adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any 
Benchmark Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to: 
(a) 
in the case of Tier 2 Notes, prejudice the qualification of the Notes as Tier 2 Capital; or  
(b) 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, prejudice the 
qualification of the Notes as eligible liabilities or loss absorbing capacity instruments for 
the purposes of the Loss Absorption Regulations, or result in the Relevant Regulator 
treating the next Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of such Notes, rather than 
the relevant Maturity Date. 
(v) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 3(k) will be notified at least 10 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the Issuer to the Agent Bank 
and the Paying Agent. In accordance with Condition 10, notice shall be provided to the Holders 
promptly thereafter. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Holders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Paying Agent to 
make available at its registered office to the Holders a certificate signed by two members of the 
Executive Board of Directors of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (iv) the specific 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 3(k); and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread. 
The Agent Bank and the Paying Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability 
to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in 
the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice 
to the ability of the Agent Bank and the Paying Agent to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Agent Bank, the Paying Agent and the Holders.

--- Page 76 ---
68 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 3(k)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 3(b)(ii) or 3(c)(iv) 
(as applicable) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
4 
Redemption, Substitution, Variation and Purchase 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled or (pursuant to Condition 4(h)) substituted, each 
Note will be redeemed at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided in the 
applicable Final Terms, is its principal amount) on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms together with any interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption in accordance with 
these Conditions. Notes may not be redeemed at the option of the Issuer other than in accordance with 
this Condition 4. 
(b) 
Early Redemption 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 4(c) to 4(e) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 6 shall be the amortised face amount (calculated as 
provided below) (the “Amortised Face Amount”) of such Note unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall be such rate as would 
produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were 
discounted back to the issue price of the first tranche of Notes on the Issue Date of such 
tranche) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 4(c) to 4(e) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 6 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in 
respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as described in 
sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the 
date on which the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation 
of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be 
made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date 
falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the 
scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any 
interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 3(d). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 77 ---
69 
(ii) 
Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in (i) 
above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 4(c) to 4(e) or upon it becoming 
due and payable as provided in Condition 6, shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption following the occurrence of a Tax Event 
If, prior to the giving of the notice referred to in this Condition 4(c), a Tax Event has occurred and is 
continuing, then the Issuer may, subject (i) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, to Condition 4(k) and (ii) in the case of Tier 2 Notes, to Condition 4(l), and having 
given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10 and 
the Paying Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for redemption), elect to 
redeem in accordance with these Conditions on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note) or at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) all, but not some only, of the Notes 
at their Early Redemption Amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes accordingly. 
(d) 
Redemption following the occurrence of a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event 
This Condition 4(d) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
If, prior to the giving of the notice referred to in this Condition 4(d), a Loss Absorption Disqualification 
Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to Condition 4(k) and having given 
not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10 and the 
Paying Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for redemption), elect to 
redeem in accordance with these Conditions on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note) or at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) all, but not some only, of the Notes 
at their Early Redemption Amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes accordingly. 
(e) 
Redemption following the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event 
This Condition 4(e) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being Tier 2 Notes. 
If, prior to the giving of the notice referred to in this Condition 4(e), a Capital Disqualification Event has 
occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to Condition 4(l) and having given not less than 
10 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10 and the Paying Agent 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for redemption), elect to redeem in 
accordance with these Conditions on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or 
at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes 
accordingly.

--- Page 78 ---
70 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
a. 
If Call Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the Issuer 
may, subject (i) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, to 
Condition 4(k) and (ii) in the case of Tier 2 Notes, to Condition 4(l), and having given not less 
than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Holders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with Condition 10 and the Paying Agent 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), elect to redeem all or (if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date at 
their Optional Redemption Amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall 
be bound to redeem the Notes accordingly. Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a 
principal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
b. 
If “Make-Whole Redemption Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Optional Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
calculated by the Financial Adviser equal to the higher of (a) 100 per cent. of the principal 
amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed or (b) the sum of the then present values of 
the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest 
on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the date 
of redemption on an annual basis at the Make-Whole Reference Bond Rate, plus the 
Redemption Margin. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Holders shall also contain the information required for 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements. 
(g) 
Clean-up Call Option 
If (i) Clean-up Call Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) the 
Clean-up Call Minimum Percentage (or more) of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes 
originally issued has been redeemed (other than Notes redeemed at the Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount) or purchased and subsequently cancelled in accordance with this Condition 4, the Issuer may, 
from (and including) the Clean-up Call Effective Date (subject (i) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, to Condition 4(k) and (ii) in the case of Tier 2 Notes, to Condition 4(l), 
having given not more than the maximum period nor less than minimum period of notice specified in 
the applicable Final Terms to the Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 10, the Holders at any 
time redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding at the Clean-up Call Option Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if applicable, with unpaid interest accrued to (but 
excluding) such date fixed for redemption. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes accordingly. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(g), any further securities issued pursuant to Condition 11 so as to 
be consolidated and form a single series with the Notes outstanding at that time will be deemed to have 
been originally issued. 
(h) 
Substitution or Variation 
If “Substitution and Variation” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then with 
respect to:

--- Page 79 ---
71 
(i) 
any series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, if at any time a Loss 
Absorption Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing; or 
(ii) 
any series of Tier 2 Notes, if at any time a Capital Disqualification Event has occurred and is 
continuing; or 
(iii) 
any series of Notes, if at any time a Tax Event has occurred and is continuing or in order to ensure 
the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 12(d),  
the Issuer may, subject (i) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, to 
Condition 4(k) and (ii) in the case of Tier 2 Notes, to Condition 4(l), and having given not less than 10 
nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10 and the Paying Agent 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for substitution or, as the case may be, 
variation of the Notes) but without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders, at any 
time either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become, Loss Absorption Compliant Notes (in the case of Senior Preferred 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or Tier 2 Compliant Notes, (in the case of Tier 2 Notes) and may 
make any consequential amendments to the Instrument and the Agency Terms. Upon the expiry of such 
notice, the Issuer shall either vary the terms of or substitute the Notes in accordance with this Condition 
4(h), as the case may be and make any consequential amendments to the Instrument and the Agency 
Terms. 
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 4(h), the Issuer shall 
comply with all securities and other laws and the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for 
the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
The exercise of such substitution or variation rights may have adverse tax and other consequences for 
Holders and Holders should consult their own tax and other advisers in connection therewith. The Issuer 
is not required to take into account the consequences to Holders if it exercises its rights of substitution 
or variation hereunder. 
(i) 
Purchases 
The Issuer may, subject (i) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, to 
Condition 4(k) and (ii) in the case of Tier 2 Notes, to Condition 4(l), purchase (or otherwise acquire), or 
procure others to purchase (or otherwise acquire) beneficially for its account, Notes in any manner and 
at any price. The Notes so purchased (or acquired), while held by or on behalf of the Issuer, shall not 
entitle the Holder to vote at any meetings of the Holders and shall not be deemed to be outstanding for 
the purposes of calculating quorums at meetings of the Holders. 
(j) 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed or substituted by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4 will forthwith be cancelled 
in accordance with the applicable regulations of Interbolsa. All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the 
Issuer may, subject to obtaining any Regulatory Permission or Supervisory Permission (as applicable) 
therefor, be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, cancelled in accordance with the 
applicable regulations of Interbolsa. 
(k) 
Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, Variation and Purchase of Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 4(k) only applies to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes.

--- Page 80 ---
72 
Any redemption, substitution, variation or purchase of the Notes in accordance with Condition 4(c), (d), 
(f), (g), (h) or (i) is subject to: 
(i) 
the Issuer obtaining prior Regulatory Permission therefor; and 
(ii) 
in the case of any substitution or variation, such substitution or variation being permitted by, and 
conducted in accordance with, any other applicable requirement of the Relevant Regulator or 
under the Loss Absorption Regulations at such time. 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any redemption, substitution, variation or 
purchase, the prevailing Loss Absorption Regulations permit the redemption, substitution, variation or 
purchase only after compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out 
above in this Condition 4(k), the Issuer shall comply with such other and/or, as appropriate, additional 
pre-condition(s). 
For the avoidance of doubt, any failure by the Issuer to obtain Regulatory Permission (whether from the 
Relevant Regulator or otherwise) as contemplated above shall not constitute a default of the Issuer under 
the Notes or for any purpose. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of substitution, variation or redemption pursuant to this Condition 
4 (other than a redemption pursuant to Condition 4(f)), the Issuer shall deliver to the Paying Agent to 
make available at its registered office to the Holders a copy of a certificate signed by two members of 
the Executive Board of Directors of the Issuer stating that the relevant requirement or circumstance 
giving rise to the right to redeem, substitute or, as appropriate, vary is satisfied and, in the case of a 
substitution or variation, that the terms of the relevant Loss Absorption Compliant Notes comply with 
the definition thereof in Condition 14 and, in the case of a redemption pursuant to Condition 4(c) only, 
an opinion from a nationally recognised law firm or other tax adviser in Portugal, experienced in such 
matters to the effect that the relevant requirement or circumstance referred to in any of paragraphs (i) to 
(iii) (inclusive) of the definition of “Tax Event” applies. 
(l) 
Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, Variation and Purchase of Tier 2 Notes 
This Condition 4(l) only applies to Tier 2 Notes. 
Any redemption or purchase of the Notes or substitution or variation of the terms of the Notes, in each 
case in accordance with Condition 4(c), (e), (f), (g), (h) or (i) is subject to: 
(i) 
the Issuer obtaining prior Supervisory Permission therefor; 
(ii) 
in the case of any redemption or purchase (save in the case of any purchase prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the Reference Date pursuant to Condition 4(i)), if and to the extent then required 
under prevailing Regulatory Capital Requirements, either: (A) the Issuer having replaced the 
Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the 
income capacity of the Issuer; or (B) the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the 
Relevant Regulator that the own funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer would, following such 
redemption or purchase, exceed its minimum requirements (including any applicable buffer 
requirements) by a margin that the Relevant Regulator considers necessary at such time;  
(iii) 
in the case of any redemption prior to the fifth anniversary of the Reference Date, if and to the 
extent then required under prevailing Regulatory Capital Requirements (A) in the case of 
redemption upon a Tax Event, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant 
Regulator that the applicable change in tax treatment is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the Reference Date or (B) in the case of redemption upon the occurrence of a

--- Page 81 ---
73 
Capital Disqualification Event, the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant 
Regulator that the relevant change in the regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the Reference Date; and 
(iv) 
in the case of any purchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the Reference Date pursuant to 
Condition 4(i), either (A) the Issuer having, before or at the same time as such purchase, replaced 
the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for 
the income capacity of the Issuer, and the Relevant Regulator having permitted such action on 
the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and 
justified by exceptional circumstances or (B) the relevant Notes are being purchased for market-
making purposes in accordance with the Regulatory Capital Requirements. 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any redemption, substitution, variation or 
purchase, the prevailing Regulatory Capital Requirements permit the repayment, substitution, variation 
or purchase only after compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set 
out above in this Condition 4(l), the Issuer shall comply with such other and/or, as appropriate, additional 
pre-condition(s). 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Regulator to grant permission in accordance with 
Article 78 of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer under the Notes or for any purpose. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of substitution, variation or redemption pursuant to this Condition 
4 (other than a redemption pursuant to Condition 4(f)), the Issuer shall deliver to the Paying Agent to 
make available at its registered office to the Holders a copy of a certificate signed by two members of 
the Executive Board of Directors of the Issuer stating that the relevant requirement or circumstance 
giving rise to the right to redeem, substitute or, as appropriate, vary is satisfied and, in the case of a 
substitution or variation, that the terms of the relevant Tier 2 Compliant Notes comply with the definition 
thereof in Condition 14 and, in the case of a redemption pursuant to Condition 4(c) only, an opinion from 
a nationally recognised law firm or other tax adviser in Portugal, experienced in such matters to the 
effect that the relevant requirement or circumstance referred to in any of paragraphs (i) to (iii) (inclusive) 
of the definition of “Tax Event” applies. 
5 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Payments in respect of the Notes will be made by transfer to the account of the Holder maintained by or 
on its behalf in the relevant Affiliate Member of Interbolsa, details of which appear in the records of the 
relevant Affiliate Member of Interbolsa at close of business on the Business Day before the due date for 
payment of principal and/or interest.  
(b) 
Payments Subject to Laws 
Save as provided in Condition 7, payments will be subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment or other laws or regulations to which the Issuer 
or its Agents agree to be subject and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements. No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to the Holders in respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Issuer shall (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) be the initial Paying Agent 
and the initial Agent Bank. Neither the Paying Agent nor the Agent Bank assumes any obligation or

--- Page 82 ---
74 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any Holder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary 
or terminate the appointment of the Paying Agent or the Agent Bank and to appoint replacement Agents, 
provided that it will (i) at all times maintain a Paying Agent and (ii) appoint and maintain an Agent Bank 
in accordance with Condition 3(i).  
Notice of any such termination or appointment and of any change in the registered offices of the Paying 
Agent or the Agent Bank will be given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10. 
(d) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a business day, the Holder shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such 
postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in such jurisdictions as shall be 
specified as “Financial Centres” in the applicable Final Terms and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
6 
Default 
(a) 
Default 
(i) 
If the Issuer shall not make payment in respect of the Notes for a period of 14 days or more after 
the date on which such payment is due, the Issuer shall be deemed to be in default under the 
Instrument and the Notes and a Holder may notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6(b), 
institute proceedings for the winding-up of the Issuer. 
(ii) 
In the event of a Winding-Up of the Issuer (whether or not instituted by a Holder pursuant to the 
foregoing), a Holder may prove and/or claim in such Winding-Up of the Issuer, such claim being 
as contemplated in Condition 2. If a Winding-Up occurs, then any Holder may give notice to the 
Issuer and to the Paying Agent at their respective registered offices, effective upon the date of 
receipt thereof by the Issuer, that the Notes held by such Holder(s) are, and they shall accordingly 
thereby forthwith become, immediately due and repayable at an amount equal to their Early 
Redemption Amount, together with, to the extent not otherwise included within the foregoing, 
any other amounts attributable to such Note, including any accrued and unpaid interest thereon 
and any Additional Amounts and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations in respect 
of such Note. 
(b) 
Enforcement 
Without prejudice and subject to Condition 6(a), a Holder may at its discretion and without notice 
institute such steps, actions or proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any term or 
condition binding on the Issuer under the Instrument, the Agency Terms or the Notes (other than any 
payment obligation of the Issuer under or arising from the Instrument, the Agency Terms or the Notes, 
including, without limitation, payment of any principal or interest in respect of the Notes, including any 
damages awarded for breach of any obligations) provided that in no event shall the Issuer, by virtue of 
the institution of any such steps, actions or proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums, in cash or 
otherwise, sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it pursuant to these Conditions,

--- Page 83 ---
75 
the Instrument and the Agency Terms. Nothing in this Condition 6(b) shall, however, prevent a Holder 
from instituting proceedings for the winding-up of the Issuer (in accordance with and to the extent 
permitted by applicable law at the relevant time) and/or proving and/or claiming in any Winding-Up of 
the Issuer in respect of any payment obligations of the Issuer arising from the Notes, the Instrument and 
the Agency Terms (including any damages awarded for breach of any obligations) in the circumstances 
provided in Conditions 2 and 6(a). 
(c) 
Extent of Holders’ Remedy 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as referred to in this Condition 6, shall be available to the 
Holders, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Instrument, the Notes or in respect 
of the Agency Terms or any breach by the Issuer of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the 
Instrument, the Notes or under the Agency Terms. 
7 
Taxation 
All payments of principal, interest and any other amounts by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by the Relevant Jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof or by any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, in respect of 
payments of interest (but not principal or any other amount) the Issuer will pay such additional amounts 
(“Additional Amounts”) as will result in receipt by the Holders of such amounts as would have been received 
by them in respect of payments of interest had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no 
such Additional Amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note: 
(a) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
in respect of such Note by reason of their having some connection with the Relevant Jurisdiction other 
than a mere holding of such Note; or 
(b) 
held by, or by a third party on behalf of, a Holder who could lawfully prevent (but has not so prevented) 
such deduction or withholding by complying or procuring that any third party complied with any 
statutory requirements or by making or procuring that any third party made a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption to any applicable tax authority; or 
(c) 
held by, or by a Holder or any third party on behalf of, an entity resident for income tax purposes in a 
country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime, as listed in the Ministerial 
Order no. 150/2004, of 13 February 2004, issued by the Portuguese Minister of Finance and Public 
Administration (as amended), or legislation replacing it, unless a Double Tax Convention or a Tax 
Information Exchange Agreement entered into between such country, territory or region and Portugal is 
in force at the time the interest becomes due and payable; or 
(d) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder in respect of whom the documentation required to certify 
the tax residence, pursuant to the conditions set forth in Decree-Law No. 193/2005, of 7 November 2005, 
as amended, and accessory regulations, or legislation replacing it, is not provided within 30 days after 
the Relevant Date. 
References in these Conditions to interest shall be deemed also to refer to any Additional Amounts which may 
be payable under this Condition 7. 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of these Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes by or on behalf 
of the Issuer shall be made net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to an agreement

--- Page 84 ---
76 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official 
interpretations thereof) or any intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction 
facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing 
such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”). Neither 
the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any Additional Amounts in respect of FATCA 
Withholding. 
8 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void unless made 
within 10 years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant 
Date in respect of them. 
9 
Meetings of Holders, Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Holders 
The Instrument contains provisions for convening meetings of Holders (including by way of conference 
call) to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution of a modification of any of these Conditions or any provisions of the Instrument. Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer or Holders holding not less than 10 per cent. in principal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons 
holding or representing more than 50 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Holders whatever 
the principal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of 
which includes the modification of certain of these Conditions (including, inter alia, the provisions 
regarding ranking referred to in Condition 2, the terms concerning currency and due dates for payment 
of principal or interest payments in respect of the Notes and reducing or cancelling the principal amount 
of, or interest on, any Notes or the Rate of Interest or varying the method of calculating the Rate of 
Interest), the quorum will be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds, or at 
any adjourned such meeting not less than one-third, in principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. 
The agreement or approval of the Holders shall not be required (i) in the case of any substitution or 
variation of the Notes required to be made in the circumstances described in Condition 4(h) in connection 
with the substitution of the Notes for, or variation of the terms of the Notes so that they remain, or as 
appropriate become, Loss Absorption Compliant Notes or Tier 2 Compliant Notes, as applicable or (ii) 
in the case of any variation of these Conditions, the Instrument or the Agency Terms required to be made 
in the circumstances described in Condition 3(k). 
An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of Holders will be binding on all Holders, whether 
or not they are present at the meeting. 
The Instrument provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the Holders of not less 
than 75 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and 
effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Holders duly convened and held. Such 
a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each 
signed by or on behalf of one or more Holders.

--- Page 85 ---
77 
(b) 
Modification of the Notes 
The Paying Agent and the Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, make any modification of 
these Conditions, the Instrument or the Agency Terms which (i) is not prejudicial to the interests of the 
Holders, (ii) is of a formal, minor or technical nature, (iii) is made to correct a manifest error, or (iv) is 
to comply with mandatory provisions of any applicable law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Holders and shall be notified to the Holders as soon as 
practicable. No modification to these Conditions or any provisions of the Instrument shall become 
effective unless (if and to the extent required at the relevant time by the Relevant Regulator) the Issuer 
shall have given such period of prior written notice thereof required by the Relevant Regulator, to, and 
received Regulatory Permission or Supervisory Permission, as applicable, therefor from, the Relevant 
Regulator (provided that there is a requirement to give such notice and obtain such Regulatory 
Permission or Supervisory Permission, as applicable). 
(c) 
Notices 
Any such modification shall be binding on all Holders and shall be notified to the Holders in accordance 
with Condition 10 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
10 Notices 
Notices required to be given to the Holders pursuant to these Conditions shall be valid if published in such 
manner as the stock exchange on which Notes are listed or its rules and regulations may prescribe or accept. 
The Issuer shall also ensure that all such notices are duly published (if such publication is required) in a manner 
which complies with the rules and regulations of any other stock exchange or other relevant authority on which 
the Notes are for the time being listed and/or admitted to trading. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than 
once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
The Issuer shall also comply with the requirements of Interbolsa and of Portuguese law generally in respect of 
notices relating to the Notes. 
11 Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Holders, but subject to Regulatory Permission or 
Supervisory Permission, as applicable, create and issue further securities either having the same terms and 
conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest on them) and so 
that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding securities of any series 
(including the Notes) or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue. References in 
these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the context requires otherwise) any other securities issued 
pursuant to this Condition 11 and forming a single series with the Notes. 
12 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Instrument, the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of England, save that the provisions 
of:

--- Page 86 ---
78 
(i) 
Condition 1 relating to the form (representação formal) and transfer of the Notes, creation of 
security over the Notes and the Interbolsa procedures for the exercise of rights under the Notes; 
(ii) 
Condition 2 relating to the ranking of the Notes and set-off; and 
(iii) 
Condition 12(d) 
(together, the “Excluded Matters”), 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of Portugal. The Agency Terms and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith, shall be governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, the laws of Portugal. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in connection 
with the Instrument or the Notes (other than the provisions of the Excluded Matters, in respect of which 
the courts of Portugal shall have jurisdiction) and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes (including any legal action or proceedings relating to non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them) (“Proceedings”) may be brought in 
such courts. The Issuer has in the Instrument irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of the courts of 
England in respect of any such Proceedings (other than in respect of Excluded Matters) and to the 
jurisdiction of the courts of Portugal in respect of any Proceedings relating to Excluded Matters. 
(c) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer has in the Instrument irrevocably appointed Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited of 
8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG as agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, 
service of process in any Proceedings in England. 
(d) 
Acknowledgement of Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Holder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 12(d), includes each Holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of the 
Notes, each Holder acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject 
to the exercise of Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by: 
(1) 
the effect of the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or 
a combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and the issue 
to or conferral on the Holder of such shares, securities or obligations, including by means 
of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes, in which case the 
Holder agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under the Notes any such shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; or

--- Page 87 ---
79 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the Maturity Date of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(2) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
to give effect to the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. 
No repayment or payment of Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes will become due and payable or 
be paid after the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
if and to the extent such amounts have been reduced, converted, cancelled, amended or altered as a result 
of such exercise. 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Relevant Amounts, the conversion thereof 
into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of the 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor 
the exercise of the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect 
to the Notes will be an event of default. 
Upon the exercise of the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with 
respect to the Notes, the Issuer will provide a written notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 
10 as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers but any failure 
to provide such notice shall not affect the validity or enforceability of such exercise of the Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers. 
Each Holder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive with respects to any Holder’s 
rights under the Notes on the matters described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, 
arrangements or understandings relating to the application of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers to 
the Notes. 
13 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999. 
14 Definitions and Interpretations  
In these Conditions, references to “principal” shall be deemed to include any Early Redemption Amount, 
Optional Redemption Amount, Clean-up Call Option Amount, Final Redemption Amount, premium or other 
amounts (other than amounts of interest) payable in respect of the Notes and references to payment of “interest” 
shall be deemed to include Additional Amounts (if applicable). 
In these Conditions: 
“Additional Amounts” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7; 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate)

--- Page 88 ---
80 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if Independent Adviser 
determines that no such spread is customarily applied) 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
“Affiliate Member” means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control accounts with the 
CVM and includes any banks or financial intermediaries appointed by Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) for the purpose of holding individual Securities 
Accounts on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; 
“Agency Terms” has the meaning given to it in the preamble of these Conditions; 
“Agent Bank” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions; 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser determines 
in accordance with Condition 3(k)(ii) is customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions 
for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes and of a comparable duration to: (i) in the case of Floating Rate Notes, the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period(s); or (ii) in the case of Reset Notes, the relevant Reset Period(s); 
“Applicable Maturity” means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate; 
“Article 8-A” means Article 8-A of Decree-Law 199/2006 of 25 October 2006, as amended or superseded 
(including by Law 23/2019 of 13 March 2019, which implemented Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017); 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(k)(iv); 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or ceasing 
to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or that it will 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a consequence 
of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect 
of the Notes; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer representative 
of its relevant underlying market; or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for the Paying Agent, the Agent Bank, the Issuer or any other party to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Holder using the Original Reference Rate,

--- Page 89 ---
81 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of (ii) and (iii) above, on the date 
of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference 
Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of (iv) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original 
Reference Rate and (c) in the case of (v) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate 
will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant 
underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public statement, and in each case, not the date of the 
relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to the Paying 
Agent and the Agent Bank. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Paying Agent nor the Agent Bank shall have 
any responsibility for making such determination; 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time (including, without 
limitation, by Directive (EU) 2017/2399 and by Directive (EU) 2019/879); 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for such currency; 
and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a TARGET Business Day; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the 
Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres; 
a “Capital Disqualification Event” is deemed to have occurred if there is a change (which the Issuer 
determines has occurred or which the Relevant Regulator considers to be sufficiently certain) in the regulatory 
classification of the Notes which becomes effective on or after the Reference Date and that results, or would be 
likely to result, in the entire principal amount of or, to the extent not prohibited by the Regulatory Capital 
Requirements, some of the principal amount of the Notes being excluded from the Tier 2 Capital of the Group 
or the Issuer (other than as a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital as applicable to 
the Group or the Issuer, as the case may be). For the avoidance of doubt, any amortisation of the Notes pursuant 
to Article 64 of the Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms amending Regulation (EU) No. 
648/2012 (or any equivalent or successor provision) shall not constitute a Capital Disqualification Event;  
“Clean-up Call Minimum Percentage” means 75 per cent. or such other higher percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
“Clean-up Call Effective Date” means (i) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, the Issue Date of the first tranche of the Notes and (ii) in the case of Tier 2 Notes, the date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or such earlier date as may be permitted under the Regulatory Capital Requirements 
from time to time; 
“Conditions” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting 
an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”):

--- Page 90 ---
82 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 91 ---
83 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it falls, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending 
in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date; and

--- Page 92 ---
84 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date(s) or, as applicable, Reset Note Interest Payment 
Date(s); 
“euro” means the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary 
Union pursuant to the Treaty of Rome establishing the European Communities as amended; 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended; 
“Excluded Matters” has the meaning given to it in Condition 12(a);  
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given to it in the Instrument; 
“Financial Adviser” means an investment bank or financial institution of international standing selected by the 
Issuer; 
"First Par Call Notes Redemption Date" means, in respect of any Par Call Notes, the first Optional 
Redemption Date on which the Notes may be redeemed at the Par Call Amount; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second 
Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date; 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, subject to Condition 3(b)(ii), the rate of interest determined by the Agent 
Bank on the relevant Reset Determination Date corresponding to the First Reset Period as the sum of the 
relevant Reset Rate plus the First Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) from a basis equivalent to 
the Benchmark Duration to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are 
payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Agent Bank)); 
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
“Holder” has the meaning given to it in Condition 1; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an independent 
financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 3(k)(i); 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date; 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for 
that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date or, as applicable, Reset Notes 
Interest Payment Date relating to (and immediately following) the last day of such Interest Accrual 
Period; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for that period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two TARGET

--- Page 93 ---
85 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro, (ii) the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is sterling and (iii) the day falling two business 
days in London prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither sterling 
nor euro; 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date or (as applicable) Reset Notes Interest Payment 
Date unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Loss Absorption Compliant Notes” means securities issued directly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
have terms which are not materially less favourable to an investor than the terms of the Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser of 
international standing (which in either case is independent of the Issuer)) prior to the issue of the relevant 
securities or, as appropriate, variation of the Notes, and, subject thereto, which:  
(A) 
contain terms which comply with the then current Loss Absorption Regulations in order to be 
eligible to qualify in full towards the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s minimum requirement for own 
funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments;  
(B) 
provide for the same Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates or (as applicable) Reset Notes 
Interest Payment Dates from time to time applying to the Notes;  
(C) 
rank pari passu with the Notes;  
(D) 
preserve the obligations (including the obligations arising from the exercise of any right) of the 
Issuer as to redemption of the Notes, including (without limitation) as to timing of, and amounts 
payable upon, such redemption;  
(E) 
preserve any existing rights under these Conditions to any accrued interest or other amounts 
which have not been paid;  
(F) 
do not contain terms which provide for interest cancellation or deferral (provided that this 
paragraph (F) shall not preclude the inclusion of any provision analogous to Condition 12(d)); 
and  
(G) 
do not contain terms providing for loss absorption through principal write-down or conversion to 
ordinary shares (provided that this paragraph (G) shall not preclude the inclusion of any provision 
analogous to Condition 12(d)); 
(ii) 
are listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange commonly used in debt capital markets transactions 
in the international capital markets if the Notes were listed on such a stock exchange immediately prior 
to such variation or substitution; and 
(iii) 
where the Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published rating from a Rating Agency 
immediately prior to their substitution or variation and such rating was solicited by or on behalf of the 
Issuer, each such Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, a published rating 
to the relevant Loss Absorption Compliant Notes equal to or higher than (A) the solicited published 
rating of the Notes from the Rating Agency immediately prior to their substitution or variation or (B) 
where the solicited published rating of the Notes was, as a result of Condition 12(d) becoming ineffective 
and/or unenforceable, amended prior to such substitution or variation, the solicited published rating of 
the Notes from the Rating Agency immediately prior to such amendment, save that this proviso shall not 
prevent any changes being made to the governing law of Condition 12(d) where such changes are needed 
to ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 12(d).

--- Page 94 ---
86 
Any change to the governing law of Condition 12(d) in order to ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of 
Condition 12(d) shall, of itself, be deemed for the purposes of (i) above not to be materially less favourable to 
a Holder. 
a “Loss Absorption Disqualification Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of any amendment 
to, or change in, any Loss Absorption Regulations, or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
any Loss Absorption Regulations, in any such case becoming effective on or after the Reference Date, the entire 
principal amount of the Notes or any part thereof, is, or (in the opinion of the Issuer or the Relevant Regulator) 
is likely to be, excluded from the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s minimum requirements for (i) own funds and 
eligible liabilities and/or (ii) loss absorbing capacity instruments, in each case as such minimum requirements 
are applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group and determined in accordance with, and pursuant to, the relevant 
Loss Absorption Regulations; provided that a Loss Absorption Disqualification Event shall not occur (a) where 
the relevant exclusion is due to the remaining maturity of the Notes being less than any period prescribed by 
any applicable eligibility criteria for such minimum requirements under the relevant Loss Absorption 
Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer and/or the Group on the Reference Date; or (b) where the 
relevant exclusion is as a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of liabilities of the Issuer that may 
qualify as (i) own funds and eligible liabilities and/or (ii) loss absorbing capacity instruments, of the Issuer or 
the Group; 
“Loss Absorption Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss 
absorbing capacity instruments of Portugal, the Relevant Regulator and/or of the European Parliament or of the 
Council of the European Union then in effect in Portugal and applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, including, 
without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any applicable delegated or implementing acts (such as 
regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by any Relevant Regulator from time to time (whether such 
regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards or policies are applied generally or specifically to the 
Issuer and/or the Group); 
"Make-Whole Reference Bond" means (i) the security set out in the applicable Final Terms (if such security 
is then outstanding and a quote is available on the Reference Screen Page) or (ii) (x) if such security set out in 
the applicable Final Terms is no longer outstanding or the Reference Screen Page does not quote the yield on 
such security, or (y) in the case of any Par Call Notes, at any time after the First Par Call Notes Redemption 
Date, a government security or securities selected by the Issuer in consultation with an independent investment 
bank of international standing on the Business Day immediately preceding the Make-Whole Reference Date 
and notified to the Financial Adviser with an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining 
term to the Maturity Date, or in the case of any Par Call Notes, the next occurring Par Call Notes Redemption 
Date that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in 
pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable 
maturity to the remaining term to the Maturity Date, or in the case of any Par Call Notes, the next occurring Par 
Call Notes Redemption Date; 
“Make-Whole Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date for redemption that does not fall on a Par Call Notes Redemption Date, 
the arithmetic average, as determined by the Financial Adviser, of the bid and offered prices for the Make-
Whole Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time 
on the Make-Whole Reference Date quoted in writing to the Financial Adviser by such Reference Government 
Bond Dealer;

--- Page 95 ---
87 
"Make-Whole Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Optional Redemption Date that does not fall 
on a Par Call Notes Redemption Date, either: (1) the rate per annum equal to the annual yield to maturity of the 
Make-Whole Reference Bond displayed on the Reference Screen Page as of approximately the Quotation Time 
on the Make-Whole Reference Date, as determined by the Financial Adviser; or (2) if the Reference Screen 
Page is not available as of the Quotation Time on the Make-Whole Reference Date, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Make-
Whole Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Make-Whole Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of 
its principal amount) equal to (A) the arithmetic average of the Make-Whole Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations for such Optional Redemption Date, after excluding the highest such Make-Whole Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotation (or if, there is more than one highest Make-Whole Reference Government 
Bond Dealer Quotation, one only of those Make-Whole Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations) and 
the lowest such Make-Whole Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation (or if, there is more than one 
lowest Make-Whole Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation, one only of those Make-Whole Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations), or (B) if the Financial Adviser obtains fewer than four such Make-Whole 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
“Make-Whole Reference Date” means the date set out in the relevant notice of redemption and shall in any 
event be no earlier than the day falling two Business Days prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date; 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg 
payable with a frequency equivalent to the Fixed Leg Swap Duration specified in the applicable Final Terms 
during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the 
Specified Currency as determined by the Agent Bank) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in 
the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on 
the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market 
at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg 
based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency 
as determined by the Agent Bank); 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate;  
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means, where the Specified Currency is euro, EURIBOR; 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 3(b)(ii), either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the Specified 
Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,

--- Page 96 ---
88 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the 
Agent Bank; 
“Notes” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions; 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes or, if applicable, any other successor 
or alternative rate (or any component part thereof) determined and applicable to the Notes pursuant to the earlier 
operation of Condition 3(k); 
“Par Call Notes” means any Notes in respect of which: (i) Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms; and (ii) any Optional Redemption Amount is specified as being an amount per Specified 
Denomination equal to the Specified Denomination (such Optional Redemption Amount, the “Par Call 
Amount”); 
“Par Call Notes Redemption Date” means an Optional Redemption Date on which the Notes may be redeemed 
at the Par Call Amount; 
“Paying Agent” has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that is either 
specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Rating Agency” means each of Moody’s Investors Service España S.A., DBRS Ratings GmbH and their 
successors and any other rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from time to time by the 
Issuer;  
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four 
major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, selected by the Issuer in consultation (if the Agent Bank is not 
the Issuer at the relevant time) with the Agent Bank; 
“Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period, a government security or securities issued by the state 
responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be Germany) 
selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute as having an actual or 
interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period that would be utilised, at the time of selection 
and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date, (A) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (B) if the Agent Bank obtains fewer 
than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations. 
If no quotations are provided, the Reset Rate will be determined by the Issuer in consultation (if the Agent Bank 
is not the Issuer at the relevant time) with the Agent Bank; 
“Reference Bond Rate” means the annual yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant 
day count basis) of the relevant Reference Bond, assuming a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a 
percentage of its principal amount) equal to the relevant Reference Bond Price, as calculated by the Agent Bank; 
“Reference Date” means the later of (i) the Issue Date and (ii) the latest date (if any) on which any further 
Notes have been issued pursuant to Condition 11;

--- Page 97 ---
89 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks (selected by the Issuer on the advice of an 
investment bank of international repute), or their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, 
and their respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Government Bond 
Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Agent Bank, of 
the bid and offered prices for the relevant Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal 
amount) at or around the Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date quoted in writing to the 
Agent Bank by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
"Reference Screen Page" shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms (or any successor or replacement page, 
section or other part of the information service), or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on 
the information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the person 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying the mid-market yield to 
maturity for the Make-Whole Reference Bond, as determined by the Issuer in consultation with an independent 
investment bank of international standing; and 
“Regulatory Capital Requirements” means, at any time, any requirement contained in the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies of the Relevant Regulator, Portugal and/or any regulation, directive or 
other binding rules adopted by the institutions of the European Union then in effect in Portugal relating to 
capital adequacy and applicable to the Group and/or the Issuer; 
“Regulatory Permission” means, in relation to any action, such notice, regulatory permission (and/or, as 
appropriate, consent, approval or waiver) by the Relevant Regulator as is required therefor under prevailing 
Loss Absorption Regulations (if any); 
“Relevant Amounts” means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest and Additional Amounts due on the Notes. References to such amounts will include amounts 
that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority; 
“Relevant Date” means (i) in respect of any payment other than a sum to be paid by the Issuer in a Winding-
Up of the Issuer, the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money 
payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made 
or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Holders that such payment will 
be made, provided that payment is in fact made, and (ii) in respect of a sum to be paid by the Issuer in a Winding-
Up of the Issuer, the date which is one day prior to the date on which an order is made or a resolution is passed 
for the Winding-Up; 
“Relevant Jurisdiction” means Portugal or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax to which the Issuer becomes subject in respect of payments made by it of principal and/or interest 
on the Notes; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of 
(a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of

--- Page 98 ---
90 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
“Relevant Regulator” means the Bank of Portugal, the Single Resolution Board, the European Central Bank 
or such other authority having primary supervisory authority with respect to prudential and/or resolution matters 
concerning the Issuer and/or the Group, as may be relevant in the context and circumstances; 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or any successor or replacement page, section, caption, 
column or other part of a particular information service); 
“Remaining Term Interest” means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled payment(s) 
of interest on such Note for the remaining term to the Maturity Date or, in the case of any Par Call Notes, the 
next occurring Par Call Notes Redemption Date, determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to 
such Note from and including the relevant Optional Redemption Date; 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and every Subsequent Reset Date as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the 
First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the Second 
Reset Date and, in respect of each Reset Period thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each 
such Reset Period; 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period; 
“Reset Rate” means (a) the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (b) if 
Reference Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Reference Bond Rate; 
“Senior Creditors” means (a) creditors of the Issuer who are unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer; and (b) 
creditors of the Issuer whose claims are or are expressed to be subordinated to the claims of other creditors of 
the Issuer (other than those whose claims are in respect of obligations which constitute, or would but for any 
applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital or whose claims 
rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with, or junior to, the claims of Holders in respect of the Tier 2 Notes); 
“Senior Higher Priority Liabilities” means any unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed obligations of 
the Issuer other than Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities; 
“Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities” means any unsubordinated and unsecured senior non-preferred obligations 
of the Issuer issued under Article 8-A (including any Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and any other obligations 
which, by law and/or by their terms, and to the extent permitted by Portuguese law, rank pari passu with 
unsubordinated and unsecured senior non-preferred obligations of the Issuer issued under Article 8-A; 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is specified, 
the currency in which the Notes are denominated; 
“Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, suspension 
or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Portugal, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (including 
but not limited to the General Framework for Credit Institutions and Financial Companies (Regime Geral das 
Instituções de Crédito e Sociedades Financeiras), established by Decree-Law No. 298/92 of December 1992,

--- Page 99 ---
91 
as amended or superseded (including by any banking activity code that may enter into force)) and (ii) the 
instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any 
affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period); 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but excluding) 
the next Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a Reset Date to (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Reset Date; 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 3(b)(ii), the rate of interest determined by the Agent Bank on the relevant Reset Determination Date 
corresponding to such Subsequent Reset Period as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the applicable 
Subsequent Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) from a basis equivalent to the Benchmark Duration 
to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during 
the relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Agent Bank)); 
“Subsidiary” means any entity of which the Issuer, from time to time (i) owns, directly or indirectly, more than 
50 per cent. of the share capital or similar right of ownership, or (ii) owns or is able to exercise, directly or 
indirectly, more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights, or (iii) has the right to appoint the majority of the members 
of the board of directors, and in each case is within the consolidation perimeter of the Issuer; 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
“Supervisory Permission” means, in relation to any action, such supervisory permission or non-objection (or, 
as appropriate, waiver) by the Relevant Regulator as is required therefor under prevailing Regulatory Capital 
Requirements (if any); 
“TARGET Business Day” means a day on which the TARGET System is operating; 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor thereto; 
“Tax Event” is deemed to have occurred if, as a result of a Tax Law Change: 
(i) 
in making any payments on the Notes, the Issuer has paid or will or would on the next payment date be 
required to pay Additional Amounts; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer is no longer entitled to claim a deduction in respect of any payments in respect of the Notes 
in computing its taxation liabilities or the amount of such deduction is materially reduced; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer is not able to have losses or deductions set against the profits or gains, or profits or gains offset 
by the losses or deductions, of companies with which it is or would otherwise be so grouped for 
applicable Portuguese tax purposes (whether under the tax grouping system current as at the date of issue 
of the Notes or any similar system or systems having like effect as may from time to time exist), 
and, in any such case, the Issuer could not avoid the foregoing by taking measures reasonably available to it; 
“Tax Law Change” means a change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction, 
including any treaty to which such Relevant Jurisdiction is a party, or any change in the application of official 
or generally published interpretation of such laws, including a decision of any court or tribunal, or any 
interpretation or pronouncement by any relevant tax authority that provides for a position with respect to such 
laws or regulations that differs from the previously generally accepted position in relation to similar transactions 
or which differs from any specific written statements made by a tax authority regarding the anticipated tax

--- Page 100 ---
92 
treatment of the Notes, which change or amendment becomes public or becomes effective on or after the 
Reference Date; 
“Tier 1 Capital” has the meaning given to it from time to time by the Relevant Regulator or the applicable 
prudential rules; 
“Tier 2 Capital” has the meaning given to it from time to time by the Relevant Regulator or the applicable 
prudential rules; 
“Tier 2 Compliant Notes” means securities issued directly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
have terms which are not materially less favourable to an investor than the terms of the Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser of 
international standing (which in either case is independent of the Issuer)) prior to the issue of the relevant 
securities or, as appropriate, variation of the Notes, and, subject thereto, which: 
(A) 
contain terms which comply with the then current requirements of the Relevant Regulator in 
relation to Tier 2 Capital; 
(B) 
provide for the same Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates or (as applicable) Reset Notes 
Interest Payment Dates from time to time applying to the Notes; 
(C) 
rank pari passu with the Notes; 
(D) 
preserve the obligations (including the obligations arising from the exercise of any right) of the 
Issuer as to redemption of the Notes, including (without limitation) as to timing of, and amounts 
payable upon, such redemption; 
(E) 
preserve any existing rights under these Conditions to any accrued interest or other amounts 
which have not been paid; 
(F) 
do not contain terms which provide for interest cancellation or deferral (provided that this 
paragraph (F) shall not preclude the inclusion of any provision analogous to Condition 12(d)); 
and 
(G) 
do not contain terms providing for loss absorption through principal write-down or conversion to 
ordinary shares (provided that this paragraph (G) shall not preclude the inclusion of any provision 
analogous to Condition 12(d)); 
(ii) 
are listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange commonly used in debt capital markets transactions 
in the international capital markets if the Notes were listed on such a stock exchange immediately prior 
to such variation or substitution; and 
(iii) 
where the Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published rating from a Rating Agency 
immediately prior to their substitution or variation and such rating was solicited by or on behalf of the 
Issuer, each such Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, a published rating 
to the relevant Tier 2 Compliant Notes equal to or higher than (A) the solicited published rating of the 
Notes from the Rating Agency immediately prior to their substitution or variation or (B) where the 
solicited published rating of the Notes was, as a result of Condition 12(d) becoming ineffective and/or 
unenforceable, amended prior to such substitution or variation, the solicited published rating of the Notes 
from the Rating Agency immediately prior to such amendment, save that this proviso shall not prevent 
any changes being made to the governing law of Condition 12(d) where such changes are needed to 
ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 12(d).

--- Page 101 ---
93 
Any change to the governing law of Condition 12(d) in order to ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of 
Condition 12(d) shall, of itself, be deemed for the purposes of (i) above not to be materially less favourable to 
a Holder; and 
“Winding-Up” means: 
(i) 
an order is made, or an effective resolution is passed, for the winding-up of the Issuer (except, in any 
such case, a solvent winding-up solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction or 
amalgamation, the terms of which reorganisation, reconstruction or amalgamation have previously been 
approved in writing by an Extraordinary Resolution and do not provide that the Notes thereby become 
redeemable or repayable in accordance with these Conditions); or 
(ii) 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or any procedure similar to that described in paragraph (i) of this 
definition is commenced in respect of the Issuer, including any bank insolvency procedure or bank 
administration procedure pursuant to the General Framework for Credit Institutions and Financial 
Companies (Regime Geral das Instituções de Crédito e Sociedades Financeiras), established by Decree-
Law No. 298/92 of December 1992, as amended or superseded (including by any banking activity code 
that may enter into force).

--- Page 102 ---
94 
FORM OF THE NOTES AND CLEARING SYSTEM 
General 
Interbolsa registers securities through a centralised system (‘sistema centralizado’) composed of interconnected 
Securities Accounts, through which such securities (and inherent rights) are created, held and transferred, and 
which allows Interbolsa to control at all times the amount of securities so created, held and transferred. Issuers 
of securities, financial intermediaries, the Bank of Portugal and Interbolsa, as the controlling entity, all 
participate in such centralised system. 
The CVM, managed and operated by Interbolsa, provides for all procedures required for the exercise of rights 
carried by the Notes, except for information and voting rights. 
The CVM will comprise, inter alia, (i) the issue account, opened by the Issuer in the CVM and which reflects 
the full amount of issued securities; and (ii) the control accounts opened by each of the Affiliate Members (as 
defined below) of Interbolsa, and which reflect the securities held by such Affiliate Member by or on behalf of 
holders in individual Securities Accounts. 
The Notes will be allocated an International Securities Identification Number (“ISIN”) through the codification 
system of Interbolsa. The Notes will be accepted and registered with CVM and settled by Interbolsa’s settlement 
system. 
Form of the Notes 
The Notes of each Series will be in book-entry form and title thereto will be evidenced by book entries in 
accordance with the provisions of the Portuguese securities code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários) enacted by 
Decree-Law No. 486/99 of 13 November 1999 (as amended and restated from time to time) (the “Portuguese 
Securities Code”) and the applicable CMVM and Interbolsa regulations. No physical document of title will be 
issued in respect of the Notes. 
The Notes of each Series will be registered in the relevant issue account opened by the Issuer with the CVM 
and will be also recorded in control accounts by each Affiliate Member (as defined below) of Interbolsa. Such 
control accounts reflect at all times the outstanding amount of the Notes held in the individual Securities 
Accounts opened with each of the Affiliate Member of Interbolsa. Where used in this Base Prospectus, the 
expression “Affiliate Member of Interbolsa” means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold 
control accounts with the CVM and includes any banks or financial intermediaries appointed by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding individual Securities Accounts on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each person shown in the Securities Accounts established in an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa as having title 
to the Notes shall be treated as the Holder of the principal amount of the Notes recorded therein. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Notes 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be subject to Portuguese laws and regulations, 
notably the regulations from time to time issued and applied by the CMVM and by Interbolsa. 
The Issuer must give Interbolsa advance notice of all payments and provide all necessary information for that 
purpose. 
Prior to any payment, the Paying Agent shall provide Interbolsa with a statement of acceptance of its role of 
Paying Agent.

--- Page 103 ---
95 
Interbolsa must notify the Paying Agent of the amounts to be settled, which will be determined by Interbolsa 
on the basis of the account balances of the control accounts of each relevant Affiliate Member of Interbolsa. 
Whilst the Notes are recorded at the CVM, payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be (a) 
credited, according to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, by the relevant Paying Agent (acting on 
behalf of the Issuer) from the payment current account which the Paying Agent has indicated to, and has been 
accepted by, Interbolsa to be used on the Paying Agent’s behalf for payments in respect of the Notes to the 
payment current accounts held according to the applicable procedures and regulations of Interbolsa by the 
Affiliate Members of Interbolsa whose control accounts with the CVM are credited with such Notes and 
thereafter (b) credited by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from the aforementioned payment current 
accounts to the accounts of the Holders of those Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to 
the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Notes, in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be. 
Transfer of Notes 
The Notes may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and requirements of Interbolsa and 
Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Notes. No Holder will be able to transfer 
the Notes, except in accordance with Portuguese law and the applicable procedures of Interbolsa.

--- Page 104 ---
96 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for general corporate 
purposes. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated 
in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 105 ---
97 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND OF THE GROUP  
A. LEGAL AND COMMERCIAL NAME OF THE ISSUER 
The legal name of the Issuer is Novo Banco, S.A. and its commercial name is “novobanco”. 
B. CORPORATE INFORMATION OF THE ISSUER 
Novo Banco, S.A. is a limited liability company (sociedade anónima) incorporated under the laws of Portugal 
with a registered and fully paid up share capital of €6,054,907,314, represented by 9,954,907,311 nominative and 
dematerialised registered shares with no nominal value, and registered in the Commercial Registry Office of 
Lisbon under the sole registration and taxpayer number 513204016. The Issuer’s registered address is Avenida 
da Liberdade, nº 195, 1250 - 142 Lisbon, Portugal, and the telephone number of its registered office is 
213501000. The Issuer is a credit institution whose activities are regulated by the RGICSF and is subject to the 
Portuguese Companies Code (Código das Sociedades Comerciais), approved by Decree-Law No. 262/86, of 2 
September 1986, as amended. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 5493009W2E2YDCXY6S81. 
The Issuer’s website is www.novobanco.pt. The information on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus unless that information is expressly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
C. ORIGIN AND OVERVIEW 
The Issuer is the main entity of the Group, with a focus on the banking business. The Issuer was incorporated 
by resolution of the Board of Directors of the Bank of Portugal dated 3 August 2014 (8 p.m.) (the “Resolution 
of 3 August 2014”) under No. 5 of Article 145-G of the RGICSF, following the resolution measure applied by 
Bank of Portugal to BES, under the terms of paragraphs 1 and 3-c of Article 145-C of the RGICSF (in the 
version in force at the time) (together with the decisions adopted by the Bank of Portugal in connection with 
the Resolution of 3 August 2014, the “Resolution Measure”). Pursuant to the Resolution Measure, the assets, 
liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under management of BES defined in Annex 2 to the Resolution 
of 3 August 2014 (and clarified by the extraordinary meeting held by the Board of Directors of the Bank of 
Portugal on 11 August 2014 (5 p.m.)) were transferred to the Issuer.  
As a result of the Resolution of 3 August 2014 applied, the Resolution Fund became the sole owner of the share 
capital of the Issuer, in the amount of €4,900 million, which was incorporated as a bridge bank. 
On 29 December 2015, the Board of Directors of the Bank of Portugal approved a resolution (the “Resolution of 
29 December 2015”), which resulted in a revised and consolidated version of Annex 2 to the Resolution of 3 
August 2014, and consolidated the perimeter of assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under 
management of the Issuer. 
On 31 March 2017, the Resolution Fund signed the sale agreement of the Issuer.  
On 18 October 2017 the sale process of the Issuer to Nani Holdings, S.G.P.S., S.A., a company indirectly held by 
investment funds managed by the Lone Star group, was concluded (the “Lone Star Sale”). Once the sale was 
concluded and after carrying out two capital increases, the first in the amount of €750 million (on the date of the 
sale), and the second in the amount of €250 million (on 21 December 2017), the share capital of the Issuer increased 
to €5,900,000,000.00, represented by 9,799,999,997 dematerialised, registered shares with no nominal value, of 
which 75 per cent. were fully subscribed, paid up and held by Nani Holdings S.G.P.S., S.A. and 25 per cent. held 
by the Resolution Fund.

--- Page 106 ---
98 
With the conclusion of the Lone Star Sale, the Issuer ceased to be considered a bridge bank and began to operate 
normally, although still being subject to certain measures restricting its activity, imposed by the European 
Competition Authority, the DGCOMP, in the context of the state aid process. 
The Issuer develops its banking activity directly and through its subsidiaries Banco Eletrónico de Serviço Total 
S.A. (“Banco Best”, fully owned) and NOVO BANCO dos Açores, S.A. (“NBA”, of which it holds a 57.53 
per cent. stake). Additionally, it also operates in asset management through its fully owned subsidiary GNB - 
Gestão de Ativos, S.G.P.S., S.A. (“GNB GA”) that operates in mutual fund management, real estate fund 
management, pension fund management and wealth management. Finally, the Issuer has equity holdings in 
companies operating in venture capital, real estate, renting and corporate services. Through its 304 branches 
and its digital platforms, the Issuer serves around 1.4 million clients. 
D. EUROPEAN COMMISSION COMMITMENTS 
In the context of the Lone Star Sale, the Commitments adopted by the Portuguese authorities supersede those 
contained in the previous state aid decisions of 2014 and 2015 by the EC. The Issuer will remain under the 
Restructuring Period until DGCOMP completes its assessment of the fulfilment of these 33 Commitments. An 
independent monitoring trustee (the “Monitoring Trustee”) was appointed in order to monitor full compliance 
of the Commitments which have been undertaken by the Portuguese authorities and which are binding on the 
Issuer.   
For further information see the decision of the EC State Aid no. SA.49275 (2017/N).  
See also, “Risk Factors—Risks relating to the Issuer—Risks Relating to the Issuer’s business—The Group is 
subject to the commitments undertaken by the Portuguese State to the EC, and a failure to achieve the 
commitments may result in the extension of the restructuring period and/or further corrective measures being 
implemented.”. 
Structural Commitments 
The Issuer segregated its existing activities into a core unit and a non-core unit. Those units are not separate 
legal entities, therefore funding, liquidity and solvency were shared across both units. 
Particularly, with regard to the non-core unit, the Issuer was required, under the Commitments, during the 
Restructuring Period (with different deadlines depending on the assets), to divest or wind-down certain of its 
non-core assets in line with its strategy.  
The Commitments imposed certain targets for the deleveraging of the non-core assets throughout the 
Restructuring Period, which by the end of such period should not be greater than an established target. In 
addition, certain subsidiaries and business activities, including most international operations classified as non-
core assets, had to be divested, liquidated or wound-down before the end of the Restructuring Period, by specific 
pre-defined deadlines.  
In relation to the structural commitments, as of the end of 2021, the Issuer has sold/closed: 
• 
Non-Core International Units: London branch, Venezuelan branch, Banco Internacional de Cabo Verde, 
BES Vénétie, NB Ásia, Madeira Offshore Branch, the Cayman Branch and a liability management 
exercise executed in 2020 on the bonds issued by NB Finance Ltd., which retired 97 per cent. of the 
target bonds and ensured compliance with the best effort commitment to wind-down this unit.  
• 
Legacy and non-core assets including non-performing loans (Project Nata I, Nata II, Carter, Wilkinson 
and Orion), real estate (Project Viriato, Albatros and Sertorius) and other non-core assets, including GNB 
Vida, GNB Seguros, Novo Activos Financieros España, S.A. and its Spanish branch business.

--- Page 107 ---
99 
Behavioural Commitments 
In addition to structural commitments, certain behavioural commitments have been established. These include 
remuneration limits put in place until 30 June 2020 (or until the end of the Restructuring Period if the viability 
targets were not achieved), such that no employee, director or manager of the Issuer may be paid a total annual 
remuneration higher than ten times the average employee salary. 
The establishment of a return on equity (“RoE”) based pricing tool which the Issuer must adopt when entering 
into all new business, such that any new business must meet pre-tax RoE pricing targets. The Issuer was also 
subject to a prohibition on acquisitions (with certain exceptions, such as the assets required for the ordinary 
course of business in the management of existing claims towards ailing borrowers, including the conversion of 
existing debt into equity instruments or any other work-out strategy which does not increase the exposure of 
the Issuer but results in equity ownership, the enforcement of collateral or where the purchase price paid by the 
Issuer for any acquisition is less than 0.01 per cent. of the balance sheet size of the Group at the effective date 
of the commitment and where the cumulative purchase prices paid by the Issuer for all such acquisitions as at 
the effective date of the commitment is less than 0.025 per cent. of the total balance sheet size of the Group at 
the effective date of the commitment), and a prohibition on the payment of dividends (a limitation which will 
continue to apply during the post-Restructuring Period, until 31 December 2025, or if the CCA Maturity Date 
(as defined below under “—Contingent Capital Agreement”) is extended, until such date or until 31 December 
2026 at the latest). Additionally, the Issuer shall refrain from any advertising which refers to state support during 
the Restructuring Period and from using commercial strategies that would not take place without governmental 
support. 
Viability Commitments 
The Issuer is also committed to progressively reduce the number of its employees and branches over the 
Restructuring Period and to reach the prescribed cost-to-income ratios and pre-provision income targets by 
specific dates within the Restructuring Period. Failure to comply with these targets, if not corrected, would 
require the Issuer to comply with additional targets for reduction of the number of employees and branches. 
The Issuer was required to comply with best lending practices, in particular to avoid preferential treatment of 
connected borrowers, and to ensure that certain exposures would undergo a regular credit (re-)rating process 
and set up risk management systems allowing for improved management reporting and risk management 
overview. Additionally, the Issuer should refrain from proprietary trading beyond activities necessary for the 
normal operations of a commercial bank and set up specific value-at-risk limits for both treasury and market 
making activities.  
The Issuer was required to change its auditor as part of its ordinary rotation procedures (this occurred with the 
appointment of Ernst & Young, Audit & Associados, SROC, S.A. in December 2017 and its reappointment in 
October 2020 for the period of 2021-2024) and to exercise prudence in its cumulative loan loss provisions and 
ensure that losses were provisioned. The Issuer was subject to a minimum amount for the cumulative loan loss 
provisions recorded by it. If the cumulative amount of the loan loss provisions (excluding CCA Assets (as 
defined below under “—Contingent Capital Agreement”)) recorded up until an agreed date was lower than the 
reference minimum amount, the Issuer would need to register the difference as additional provisions, unless 
such additional provisions were not considered by the Issuer’s auditor to be in accordance with the applicable 
IFRS framework. 
At the end of 2021, with the exception of the targets identified below, the Issuer complied with all of the 
applicable viability financial indicators, including full-time equivalent (23.6 per cent. reduction in workforce 
since 2017) and branch reduction targets (310 branches in Portugal and 1 in Luxembourg in 2021, a reduction 
of 138 branches in the domestic market since 2017).

--- Page 108 ---
100 
Concerning the two remaining viability targets for 2021, pre-provision income and cost-to-income, although 
not reaching its 2021 financial indicators set in the Commitments, the Bank considers that all the Commitments 
should be considered fulfilled based on the key assumptions that underpinned the agreed business plans from 
2017 to 2021 (including the evolution of interest rates and the economic effects of the Covid-19 pandemic). 
The Bank remains under the Restructuring Period until DGCOMP completes its assessment of the fulfilment of 
the Commitments. Such assessment is underway, and DGCOMP may have a different opinion and may 
determine the application of certain measures, such as the extension of the Restructuring Period.  
In addition, following any SREP exercise carried out by the SSM, in the event that the SREP total capital ratio 
of the Issuer falls below the SREP total capital requirement and the Issuer is not able to address such shortfall 
through payments to be made under the CCA, the Portuguese Government has agreed in the context of the Lone 
Star Sale and the related state aid measures to provide additional capital to the Issuer, provided that: 
(a) 
routine capital measures implemented by the Issuer to make up the shortfall within the nine months 
following the breach are unsuccessful; 
(b) 
Lone Star does not provide the necessary capital following a request by the Issuer; and 
(c) 
the required capital cannot be raised from market sources. 
The additional capital may take the form of a public capital injection or additional Tier 1 instruments that may 
be (i) issued to the market with a coupon guaranteed by the Portuguese State or (ii) fully underwritten by 
Portugal directly, in each case, with additional capital being raised in the amount necessary to ensure solvency 
of the Issuer in an adverse scenario. If public funds are used in the capital backstop, the Issuer will be obliged 
to further reduce the perimeter of the Issuer (branches and employees) and submit a new restructuring plan. 
Given the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on the banking sector and consequent need for closer monitoring, 
as of March 2020 the DGCOMP asked the Monitoring Trustee to perform a specific quarterly monitoring of the 
Issuer with a particular focus on its financial performance. 
In 2021, the Issuer continued to pursue its goal of reduction of its legacy assets, an essential factor in achieving 
the Issuer’s viability in 2021. At the same time, and in accordance with the defined strategy, the Issuer 
maintained its focus on reducing costs, while continuing to provide a service of excellence to its corporate and 
individual clients, through a strong commitment to digital and information technology.  
The execution of the strategic plan and achievement of the majority of the DGCOMP’s targets allowed, as 
expected, a positive evolution in the performance of the Issuer’s recurrent banking activity.  
E. CONTINGENT CAPITAL AGREEMENT 
The CCA was entered into on 18 October 2017 by the Resolution Fund and the Issuer as part of the conditions 
of the Lone Star Sale. Under the CCA, in case (i) the Group’s capital ratios decrease below the Minimum Capital 
Condition (as defined below) and (ii) losses are recorded in relation to the CCA Assets (as defined below) or 
other CCA covered losses (the “CCA Losses”), the Resolution Fund has undertaken, up to an aggregate 
maximum amount of €3,890 million, to make payments to the Issuer corresponding to the lower of the CCA 
Losses and the amount needed to restore the capital ratios to the Minimum Capital Condition, until 31 December 
2025 (the “CCA Maturity Date”), which date can be extended until 31 December 2026 under certain 
conditions as mentioned further below in this section. 
The “CCA Assets” comprise of a pre-defined portfolio of assets which had an initial book value net of 
impairment, as of 30 June 2016, of approximately €7.9 billion, which included €5.9 billion of loans to customers, 
€1.1 billion of restructuring funds, €0.1 billion of securities and €0.8 billion of other assets. As at 31 December 
2021, the CCA Assets had a net book value of €1.8 billion (31 December 2020: €2.1 billion), which included

--- Page 109 ---
101 
€0.8 billion of loans (31 December 2020: €1.0 billion), of which 47 per cent. were NPLs (31 December 2020: 
52 per cent.), €0.5 billion of restructuring funds (31 December 2020: €0.5 billion) and €0.4 billion of other 
assets (31 December 2020: €0.6 billion). In addition, CCA Assets also include undrawn exposures relating to 
guarantees, committed credit lines and other commitments, which amounted to €1.3 billion and €0.3 billion as 
at 30 June 2016 and 31 December 2021 respectively (31 December 2020: €0.4 billion), and provisions recorded 
as liabilities which amounted to €0.1 billion as at 30 June 2016 and 31 December 2021 (31 December 2020: 
€0.1 billion), in relation to such exposures. As at 30 June 2016 and 31 December 2021, the impairment related 
to the CCA Assets amounted to €4.8 billion and €0.7 billion respectively (31 December 2020: €1.2 billion). 
The ability of the Issuer to claim payments under the CCA is subject to a capital ratio threshold (the “Minimum 
Capital Condition”) and accumulated CCA Losses having been registered. The Minimum Capital Condition 
means that no payments shall be made unless (i) the Issuer’s CET1 or Tier 1 ratio have fallen below the 
minimum required regulatory (SREP) CET1 or Tier 1 ratio plus a buffer, during the first three calendar years, 
2017-2019; or (ii) the Issuer’s CET1 ratio has fallen below 12 per cent. from 2020 onward. Payments pursuant 
to the CCA are limited to the amount needed to restore the CET1 and Tier 1 ratios back to the relevant trigger 
level, provided that there are accumulated CCA Losses. 
As a result of the CCA Losses recorded by the Issuer as at 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019, 31 December 
2018 and 31 December 2017, and the resulting decrease of the capital ratios below the Minimum Capital 
Condition, the contingent capital mechanism of the CCA was triggered and payments by the Resolution Fund 
were made in the amount of €429.0 million, €1,035.0 million, €1,149.3 million and €791.7 million in relation 
to 2020, 2019, 2018 and 2017 accounts, respectively. Regarding the 2020 financial year, the Issuer requested 
€598.3 million under the CCA. The difference regarding the final amount received by the Issuer results from 
divergences between the parties regarding: (i) €147.4 million of capital impact from the provisions made for 
the discontinuation of the Spanish operations; and (ii) €18.0 million related to restructuring funds fair value. 
With regards to the CCA call related to the 2020 financial year, the Resolution Fund retained an amount of 
€112.0 million, which was paid later in the year, on 23 December 2021, after additional validation procedures 
considered necessary by the Resolution Fund have been made on the Issuer’s hedging accounting policy on 
certain public debt exposures. Additionally, it was also deducted from the amount of variable remuneration to 
the Executive Board of Directors related to the year-end of 2019 and 2020 (€3.9 million).  
Lastly, regarding the 2021 financial year, the request of the Issuer pursuant to the CCA was €209.2 million and 
the payment is still pending. Despite the public statements that have been conveyed in the media by the 
Resolution Fund, there is still no official position from the Resolution Fund in this respect. 
In connection with the CCA there was an ongoing dispute in arbitration regarding the implementation of IFRS9 
from the phase-in to the fully-loaded regime and the impact of such implementation in the calculation of the 
amount due by the Resolution Fund under the CCA for 2019 financial year. On 3 November 2021, the Issuer 
was informed that the arbitration proceeding was decided by the Arbitral Tribunal to its disadvantage and thus 
the transitional arrangement of IFRS 9 will be in place until 31 December 2022. Annulment proceedings of the 
decision of the Arbitral Tribunal were submitted by the Issuer in April 2022 and the decision is still pending. 
Additionally, the Issuer requested the ECB's authorisation to apply the transitional arrangements (IFRS 9 
dynamic approach), subject to arbitration, in the context of the Issuer and the Resolution Fund having 
recognised another divergence regarding the application of such regime. 
Further arbitration and other proceedings may be submitted regarding the amounts that the Issuer believes are 
due and should be paid by the Resolution Fund in accordance with the rules of the CCA. Despite having been 
informed by the JST on 7 December 2021 that the claims under the CCA should only be recognised as CET1, 
for the purposes of its own fund’s calculation, once such payment occurs, the Issuer will be able to account

--- Page 110 ---
102 
those amounts as own funds. Nevertheless, the Issuer will continue to take all the actions it sees fit to protect 
the integrity of the CCA as a capital instrument. 
The Articles of Association of the Issuer foresee a committee to function as a consulting body in the context of 
the CCA (the “Monitoring Committee”). The Monitoring Committee consists of three people, elected by the 
general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer, two of whom are appointed by the Resolution Fund, one of whom 
shall be a registered chartered accountant, and the third member shall be an independent member jointly 
appointed by the parties to the CCA. The Monitoring Committee provides opinions in respect of certain actions 
recommended by the Issuer pertaining to the CCA Assets. The Resolution Fund has the right to take all decisions 
in respect of the CCA Assets, unless a pre-defined ratio of the then remaining aggregate net book value of the 
CCA Assets to the aggregate starting reference values is not verified (in which case the CCA Maturity Date 
may be extended to 31 December 2026), at which point the Issuer would need to inform the Resolution Fund 
in respect of most material management decisions with respect to these assets. 
The powers of the Resolution Fund and delegation of powers to the Issuer (and the limits to such delegation) in 
respect of the CCA Assets are defined in a Servicing Agreement entered into on 14 May 2018 between the 
Resolution Fund and the Issuer, under which the Issuer acts as servicer in respect of the management of the 
CCA Assets. 
F. STRATEGY  
On 29 October 2021 novobanco announced its new medium-term strategy – Shaping the Future. 
Novobanco is now geared towards commercial transformation following completion of its restructuring process. 
The main goal of this new era is to shape the Issuer into an attractive and sustainable bank, following consumer 
digital migration, focused on serving the Portuguese economy and aiming to deliver profitable growth. 
Novobanco’s vision leverages its distinctive traits from commercial to individuals, guiding the way to do 
business:  
• 
Portuguese, a leading bank in Portugal, focused on national economic priorities, supporting families and 
businesses to thrive. 
• 
Professional, a relentless focus on products, services and capabilities devised to serve all-sized 
businesses, including professional retail customers and households. 
• 
Partner, leveraging partnership ecosystems to support customers holistic needs to successfully face 
opportunities and challenges. 
• 
Proximate, prioritising omnichannel operating models to deliver convenience and easy-to-bank 
experience as the pillar of our customer relationships.  
The Issuer’s values and principles are defined as: 
• 
Transparent, seeking to remain authentic and open in its exchanges of information across all 
stakeholders. 
• 
Collaborative, collaborating with all stakeholders to reach better outcomes for customers and society. 
• 
Diverse, reflecting the different needs of customers and employees in solutions and plans. 
• 
Dynamic, assuming continuous transformation, as expectations are evolving at exponential rates, and 
reinvention to remain relevant.

--- Page 111 ---
103 
Novobanco’s domestic franchise has 1.4 million clients, which represent 70 per cent. of large corporates and 58 
per cent. of SMEs in Portugal (Source: novobanco). At the same time, novobanco has a specialised, diversified 
and distinct product offering, with 311 branches and an omnichannel approach through helpdesk services, 
internet, phone and mobile banking. 
The new strategic plan is focused to maximise value for customers, maintaining profitable operations and capital 
efficiency and is based in 4 pillars, developed below: 
1. A universal customer-centric bank 
2. Simple & efficient 
3. Profitable and safe risk profile 
4. Talent & Innovation 
1. A universal customer-centric bank 
The Issuer’s focus is on customer needs offering a disruptive value proposition, including an omnichannel 
distribution of simple and innovative products and service and a new distribution model. Expected growth is 
based on simple and innovative offers leveraging on know-how and partnerships and boosted by a unique 
customer experience. 
On the corporate side, novobanco has a historical know-how in the sector, with a vast products and services 
offering from cash management to lending, helping clients to go global, as well as from insurance to human 
capital solutions and advisory service, namely as a RRP1 and Portugal 20302 finance partner. 
In the households segment, novobanco is a provider of a wide range of products, from cards and accounts to 
housing and individual loans and finally to saving and investment solutions. With a conservative loan portfolio, 
the Issuer is focusing on margin and value-add services like home buying omnichannel solutions, small business 
finance and an investment advisory platform. 
2. Simple & efficient 
Novobanco has ended the restructuring process reaching an accretive commercial operation leveraged by highly 
efficient operations. The cost efficiency plan is now based on 4 levers that play a key role in the Issuer’s 
distinctive value-proposition, like robotic process automation, new distribution model, E2E rationalisation and 
reorganisation and digitalization of the business. 
3. Profitable and safe risk profile 
The main goal of this pillar is to enhance risk decisioning models and optimise capital allocation and RWAs. 
The Issuer aims to improve profitability given deep knowledge/measure of the most capital consuming 
exposures. 
On this pillar, novobanco aims to enhance risk decision models and governance, continuously improving asset 
quality by maximising the obtainment of real credit guarantees ensuring the complete characterisation in the 
system and by warranting the periodic update of the characteristics of the guarantees received (i.e. valuations, 
 
1 
Portugal’s Recovery and Resilience plan consists of a set of investments in the Portuguese economy comprising €13.9 billion in grants and 
€2.7 billion in loans from the EC between 2021-2026. This financing will support the implementation of investments and reform measures to 
build and reinforce the country’s economic and social resilience. 
2 
The Portugal 2030 strategy is a government action programme that includes the plans for recovery and development of the economy, society 
and the national territory for the next decade, in convergence with the EU to be in force between 2021-2027. It comprises the disbursement of 
€ 24.2 billion from the Fundo Europeu de Desenvolvimento Regional (FEDER), Fundo Social Europeu + (FSE+), Fundo de Coesão, Fundo 
de Transição Justa (FTJ) and from the Fundo Europeu dos Assuntos Marítimos, das Pescas e da Aquicultura (FEAMPA).

--- Page 112 ---
104 
real estate insurance policies) and reducing capital consumption by guaranteeing on-time availability of 
corporate clients’ most recent financial statements and other qualitative information. 
Novobanco also aims to follow a disciplined risk-management, capital allocation and RWAs optimisation, using 
a new capital allocation model to determine each segment’s profitability (with strategic implications), a dynamic 
allocation of balance sheet growth between different segments and its capital impact and by pricing new loans 
subject to RAROC hurdles. 
4. Talent & Innovation 
The Issuer is implementing a new employee value proposition and talent development program for a renewed 
workforce.  
As part of such transformation, the Issuer is: 
• 
Developing a new training program to upgrade knowledge of Regulatory, Functional, Leadership and 
Digital skills and complementing the new distribution models and the omnichannel approach. 
• 
Shaping a new leadership model, aiming a more agile organisation and creating a talent & innovation 
program. 
• 
Building more functional offices aimed at increasing productivity and having new forms of organisation 
and working models adapted to new spaces (i.e. new headquarters; new branches, business centres). 
• 
Creating a talent management plan, developing a new career journey to attract talent and promoting 
diversity with both technical and management career with defined requirement/skills. 
G. BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Business Model 
The Issuer is a Portuguese universal bank that provides the full spectrum of financial products to individual, 
corporate and institutional clients, serving the entire national territory, with a strong focus on servicing and 
supporting the Portuguese business community. 
The Issuer’s business model is focused on two main segments in commercial banking: (i) corporate; and (ii) 
retail. In both segments, the Issuer seeks to anticipate and respond to the needs of its clients through its offer of 
innovative, effective and transparent banking products and services, based on high ethical and integrity 
standards and customer satisfaction assessment tools. 
As at 30 June 2022, the Issuer had total assets of €45.5 billion (€44.6 billion at 31 December 2021): 
• 
€28.4 billion (€27.3 billion in December 2021) in customer deposits, of which 72 per cent. were from 
retail clients (72 per cent. in December 2021); and 
• 
€25.5 billion (€24.9 billion in December 2021) in customer loans, of which 56 per cent. to corporate 
clients (55 per cent. in December 2021). 
Corporate Segment 
The Issuer has a long-standing close involvement with the Portuguese business sector, providing financial 
support and helping companies to adjust their strategies to the current business environment. To serve its 
corporate clients, as at 30 June 2022, the Issuer had two hubs for large companies (in Lisbon and Oporto) and 
20 business centres throughout the country, with teams dedicated to the SME segment. 
This strong presence in the Portuguese business community has resulted in the Bank holding 14.7 per cent. of 
the market share in loans to non-financial companies and 12.6 per cent. of the market share in deposits in

--- Page 113 ---
105 
Corporates and SMEs3 . The Issuer has a market share in trade finance of around 19.1 per cent.4 , and was 
awarded best Trade Finance Bank in Portugal by the international magazine, Global Finance in December 2021.  
The Issuer’s main products and services offering in the corporate segment are: 
• 
Loans and cash management: with the ambition to provide financial products in line with clients’ needs 
and a convenient banking experience, the solutions available from the Issuer include: special current 
accounts and cards, overdrafts, factoring, collection solutions and payment management, loans and 
guarantees, and leasing and renting services; 
• 
Insurance: to help its clients to minimise risk in their business, the Issuer provides a large range of 
insurance products, including property and casualty insurance, credit insurance and small business 
insurance; 
• 
Human capital solutions: to help its corporate clients to optimise the benefits available for their 
employees, the Issuer has available a range of products with defined fiscal benefits and advantages, 
including tickets and payment cards, auto lending and renting and individual insurance; 
• 
Helping clients to go global: the Issuer provides a wide range of products and specialised advice in 
support of international trade including international trade, trade finance and support to export; and 
• 
Advisory services: the Issuer has a range of value-added services available to support its corporate 
clients finding the most suitable solutions to pursue and implement opportunities driven, for example, 
by investment support programmes, enabling a more digitalised, innovative, sustainable and export-
oriented economy, including the RRP and being a Portugal 2030 finance partner, sector specific solutions 
and special initiatives. 
In June 2022, novobanco continued to support its corporate customer base, through three key pillars: 
1. 
Financial support to SMEs, with loans to medium-sized companies posting a significant year to 
date increase of 4.2 per cent. (4.6 per cent. year to date in December 2021) 
A major feature in 2021 was the launch of the new investment support programmes, including the RRP 
and Portugal 2030, which aim to support the development of the economy by fostering innovation, 
digital transformation, and clean / renewable energy transition. In this context, a multidisciplinary team 
was created with a focus on the following main areas: (i) provision of consistently updated information 
on the existing programmes, facilitating clients’ access to available support; (ii) forging partnerships 
with consultants specialising in the preparation of applications to investment programmes; (iii) 
managing information addressed to clients, associations and other relevant entities; and (iv) launch of a 
specific offering of financial products to cover investment needs under these programmes (e.g. advances 
on funds, financing of equity and working capital and issuance of guarantees). 
2. 
Management of requests for moratoria and adjustment of repayment schedules to clients’ financial 
capacity 
The Issuer’s commitment to supporting corporates and households resulted in the granting of €6.9 billion 
of support moratoria, as of December 2020. As of December 2020, the corporate moratoria reached 
approximately 7,700 corporate clients with a total of €4.6 billion (approximately 33 per cent. of the 
corporate portfolio), with the majority of those moratoria having expired during 2021. As of March 2022, 
 
3 
Source: novobanco analysis based on Banco de Portugal, APS and APFIPP data; Data from May 2022. 
4 
Source: novobanco analysis as measured by the number of Swift messages; Data from May 2022.

--- Page 114 ---
106 
the outstanding corporate moratoria was €76 million, of which €17 million expired after June 2022. 
Throughout the year, the Bank proactively reached out to its clients to understand their needs.  
3. 
Continued focus on digital transformation, developing remote relationships and signature tools to 
address social distancing requirements, and launching a new version of the internet banking 
service with relevant improvements in terms of functionality and user experience 
On the digital transformation front, the highlight has been the launch of the new version of novobanco’s 
website for companies. The service has been reconfigured from the standpoint of user experience, 
featuring new menus, a new homepage with improved functionality and widgets for ease of navigation, 
easier access to information and documentation made available by the Bank, and new help solutions. 
The new service was developed on the basis of feedback from clients and the Issuer’s commercial and 
technical teams. The key purpose was to solve the main difficulties experienced with the website on a 
daily basis, thus allowing a substantial increase in users’ levels of satisfaction and involvement, raising 
the penetration rate, a metric showing the proportion of the user base using the website to carry out their 
banking, to over 79 per cent. Within novobanco’s website for companies (novobanco online Empresas), 
the Issuer has introduced a financial aggregator tool, a digital financial management solution, supported 
by a strong analytical and predictive component, which aims to improve the operational efficiency of 
companies. 
With regards to the response by corporate clients, the Issuer’s Net Promoter Score (NPS) (a metric 
showing the loyalty of customers to a company using single-question surveys to give a company a 
number ranging from -100 to +100) totalled 32.6 in June 2022 (32.7 in 2021). The main reason identified 
for promoters to recommend the Issuer was related to the Quality of Service. Hence, in the first half of 
2022, the weight of customers who were “Very Satisfied” with the Issuer’s Customer Service reached 
88.2 per cent. (89.9 per cent. in December 2021). 
Retail Segment 
Novobanco’s ambition is to provide clients with a convenient banking experience, coupled with a strong 
relationship-led culture in a digital world, by expanding its client base and deepening relationships with existing 
clients, while adopting a leaner and more efficient distribution footprint at the national level. To do so, 
novobanco leverages its strong retail network and complements this with an omnichannel model that combines 
digital and remote platforms for speed and convenience with physical channels for in-person banking. This 
allows the Issuer to serve each client according to their needs while optimising service costs. Finally, novobanco 
is focused on delivering an integrated value-proposition to underserved segments, such as small businesses and 
the silver economy. 
Within the Retail sector the Issuer provides a wide range of products and focuses on margin and value-add 
services, together with a new strategic approach to accelerate growth: 
• 
Accounts, Cards & Payments: products and services to satisfy day-to-day financial needs, such as 
accounts bundled for different needs and fully online set-up and access, authentication systems, and 
functionalities such as contactless, virtual cards, and connection integration with digital wallet provider 
MB Way; 
• 
Mortgage-related loans: provision of a wide range of products, including acquisition, construction, and 
maintenance support, embedded in an omnichannel experience; 
• 
Savings and investments: considering the risk profile of each client, the Bank provides deposits and 
retirement accounts, investment funds, unit linked, structured deposits, together with tailored 
management and advice;

--- Page 115 ---
107 
• 
Insurance: to help its retail clients to minimise risk, the products available include life insurance, health, 
property and accident insurance, and unique solutions for self-employed workers; 
• 
Small Business: with its ambition to provide products to meet the financial needs of small businesses, 
the Bank has available designated small business accounts, cash and payments management solutions 
and multi-risk business insurance; and 
• 
Consumer finance: to support clients’ consumer needs, the Bank provides an integrated online 
simulation tool (for the purposes of checking credit options) and online submission process, credit 
insurance option with unemployment and life coverage and point-of-sale (POS) lending partnerships. 
The Bank aims to blend physical, remote and self-service contact points to provide easy banking for its 
customers. In 2021, the omnichannel approach maintained support of the Issuer’s branch network. Novobanco 
has continued to revamp the branch network, redesigning the face-to-face service experience, with greater focus 
on customised service and space for relaxed and meaningful engagement with clients. This experience has 
required a total redesign of the branches’ layout and architecture. There are currently 167 branches with the new 
layout (107 of which were redesigned in 2021), and the process for the remaining is underway. 
As part of its omnichannel approach, and besides the physical branch network, novobanco has 118 Virtual Teller 
Machines (VTMs) (65 in December 2021) featuring advanced physical currency management solutions (for 
cash withdrawal and deposits), which are a key basis for the development of new virtual value-added services, 
such as product simulation or access to specialists. The universe of clients subscribing to the 360º Link service 
has also continued to expand. 360º Link is a remote manager service with monitoring capabilities for high-value 
clients who prefer remote contact. 
The digital channel is central to the customer experience, and novobanco invests significantly in its digital tools, 
particularly in client management tools (physical and digital) which make a client’s journey more effective and 
efficient, following the widespread trend of online searching and telephone or in-branch execution. The 
following main implementations/innovations were introduced by the Issuer in 2021: 
• 
Account opening remote solutions, using a digital mobile key or by video call, offering a complete, fast, 
smart, more efficient, and entirely digital onboarding experience. This has permitted a reduction of 50 
per cent. to 100 per cent. in front-office time and of more than 100kg in paper consumption; 
• 
The new app for individual clients with a fully renewed design and customer experience, adaptable and 
customisable, inclusive and predictive (data-science-based), and offering a wide range of services and 
solutions (e.g. aggregation of accounts with other banks, underwriting of investment funds, life insurance, 
and validation of transactions by push notifications) to improve user experience and security; 
• 
Homebuying: reinvention of the home buying experience, one such example being the generator and 
simulation tools available on the Bank’s website which allow clients to anticipate terms of a potential 
loan, providing a comprehensive omnichannel experience. In 2021, 50 per cent. of title deeds were 
mobile-sourced, and 50 per cent. of online-sourced title deeds correspond to new clients. This allowed 
for a 40 per cent. reduction in the average time per deed and the elimination of paper documents 
equivalent to 8,000 sheets; and 
• 
Phygital: encompassing the concept of using technology to bridge the digital world with the purpose of 
providing a unique, interactive experience for the user, through implementation of mobility and 
information sharing solutions (in person and remote), cementing the Bank’s relationship of transparency 
and proximity with clients with its omnichannel strategy, speeding up and simplifying processes through 
different types of digital signatures, and fostering a paperless culture based on more secure and efficient

--- Page 116 ---
108 
practices. More than 85 per cent. of eligible transactions are carried out through the new solutions, which 
results in saving more than 13 tonnes of paper. 
Reflecting the strategy implemented by novobanco, customer acquisition in the Retail segment increased by 52 
per cent. year on year in June 2022, with more than 20 per cent. of new clients being under 25 years old, 
compared with 10 per cent. of the current client base in this age group). In this context, the Issuer’s Cross-
Segment Programme, which gives employees of companies with which the Issuer has relationships access to 
more favourable conditions in several of the Issuer’s products and services. Bank promoters had a relevant 
contribution to the Retail segment’s customer acquisition, with a share of 15 per cent. in the period. 
In terms of customer loans, the main highlight was the origination of mortgage loans that reached €0.6 billion 
in the first half of 2022, maintaining the growth trend initiated in the second quarter of 2021 and continuing to 
pursue the goal of increasing the market share (April 2022 stock: 9.2 per cent.). In 2021, the mortgage loan 
origination stood at €905 million in mortgage loans, with growth more pronounced in the last four months of 
the year. The 54 per cent. increase in mortgage loans in the first half of 2022 was driven mainly by an advertising 
campaign that significantly expanded the client acquisition basis, improved conditions surrounding the products 
offered and improved relationships with credit intermediaries.  
Consumer lending (including gross stock, consumer lending and other) grew by 9.4 per cent. year on year in 
the second quarter of 2022, sustaining the recovery of the recent quarters and enabling annualised growth of 37 
per cent. In December 2021, consumer lending increased by 5.3 per cent. compared with 2020. Digital channels 
production (which increased 276 per cent. year on year) and the non-financial offer, where the Issuer holds a 
differentiating positioning in the art market, are also worth noting. The external channels continue to make a 
significant contribution, with a 15 per cent. share of the second quarter 2022 production.  
With regard to the investment offering, the Issuer, based on a proprietary model, selects and seeks investors for 
mutual funds of independent management companies that best reflect and capture market trends. In 2021, 
thematic funds were included in the offering, which, together with structured funds, enable investment in these 
market trends, and in particular in technology, health and climate action. The digital solutions available 
improved the customer experience when subscribing to investment funds, leading to an increase of 231 per cent. 
in digital sales as compared with 2020. 
To support clients in their investment decisions, novobanco offers an investment advisory service. According 
to a client’s investor profile and initial portfolio, the advisory service submits the most suitable investment 
proposals to it based, among other criteria, on a strategic analysis of different asset classes and sectors, the 
macroeconomic environment and the definition of the asset allocation. 
The Small Businesses segment (loan portfolio) grew by 6.6 per cent. and 7.8 per cent. year on year in June 2022 
and December 2021 respectively, based on its ability to closely monitor its clients and recurrently assess the 
impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on individuals, as well as the level of client preparation for the end of any 
loan moratoria. Customer funds in this segment grew by 7.0 per cent. and 15.2 per cent. in June 2022 and 
December 2021 respectively, denoting a propensity to save in a period of uncertainty and volatility. 
The Issuer’s strategy drove an increase in the number of active digital clients to 56.5 per cent. of total clients in 
June 2022 (54.4 per cent. in December 2021). The number of digital clients increased by 8 per cent. and 7 per 
cent. year on year in June 2022 and December 2021 respectively. Additionally, as at June 2022, 43 per cent. of 
clients were active mobile clients, a 14 per cent. year on year increase (40 per cent. mobile clients in December 
2021; 12 per cent. year on year increase). As a result of this strategy, in 2021 the number of product units sold 
through the digital channels (excluding deposits, which are already traditionally high) registered an annual 
increase of more than 165 per cent.

--- Page 117 ---
109 
In addition to novobanco’s branches and corporate and business centres, the novobanco business model is also 
supported by: 
• 
novobanco dos Açores is the result of a strategic alliance between novobanco (57.5 per cent.) and Santa 
Casa da Misericórdia de Ponta Delgada (30 per cent.), together with the Bensaude Group (10 per cent.) 
and 13 other Santa Casa da Misericórdia units from all the Azores islands (2.5 per cent.). 
novobanco dos Açores has as its mission to serve its clients (individuals, companies and institutions) 
and the Azorean regional economy. Its strategy relies on key competitive advantages such as economic 
and financial strength, a culture of service to the benefit of the population of the Azores, wide experience 
of the local market and a strong tradition of close relationships with its clients. 
The strategy of novobanco dos Açores is particularly focused on supporting Azorean regional business, 
namely SMEs and companies that incorporate innovation in their products, services or production 
systems. In 2021, novobanco dos Açores continued its wide-ranging outreach activity to its clients, 
supporting the pressing and growing needs of the Azorean society, contributing through its opening of 
the first of its branches designed in accordance with the new distribution model implemented at 
novobanco Group level. As a result of the activity developed and the proximity maintained with the 
market, novobanco dos Açores gained more than 1,200 new clients in 2021. 
novobanco dos Açores reported a net profit of €2.2 million in the first half of 2022, a year on year 
decrease of 3.0 per cent. The improvement in the results compared to the first quarter of the year (first 
quarter of 2022: €407,000) was mainly due to the higher volume of impairment reversals, resulting from 
loan recoveries. The year on year reduction is explained by the lower performance of the margin 
(banking income: -15.7 per cent.; net interest income: -7.2 per cent., compared with the first half of 
2021). In June 2022, novobanco dos Açores’ assets increased by €4.1 million (0.6 per cent.) year on year 
to €679.7 million (€627 million in December 2021) with net customer loans increasing by 0.2 per cent. 
year on year to €358.6 million (in December 2021 net customer loans decreased by 1.7 per cent. (€6.1 
million) to €350.4 million compared to December 2020). In June 2022, overdue loans totalled €6.9 
million (€7.3 million in December 2021), which corresponds to an overdue loans ratio of 1.8 per cent. 
(2.0 per cent. in December 2021). 
As to customer funds, in June 2022 the total amount of customer deposits was €470.1 million (€427.2 
million in December 2021), which represents a decrease of 3.0 per cent. compared to June 2021 (10.0 
per cent. increase compared to December 2021). 
• 
Banco Best - Banco Eletrónico de Serviço Total, S.A. (“Banco Best”) is a digital platform that provides 
a range of products and services with a technological nature and open architecture business model, based 
on national and international partnerships in the areas of savings, asset management and trading. 
Banco Best operates in all segments of retail banking, providing a wide array of services ranging from 
banking solutions, savings, investments, credit, and day-to-day financial management. 
Banco Best’s business strategy is especially competitive when it comes to meeting the investment needs 
of a more independent, diversified and sophisticated segment of individual clients who seek and value 
more innovative financial services and who are not restricted to the domestic market. 
Banco Best’s strong focus on innovation and dynamic management of a wide network of national and 
international partners has been key to assert its position as a digital marketplace of investment solutions; 
the bank distributes around 6,000 products - investment funds, exchange-traded funds (“ETFs”), 
retirement solutions, capitalisation insurance, discretionary management, a robot advisor, etc. - managed 
by the major national and international financial entities.

--- Page 118 ---
110 
Banco Best’s digital channels (its app and website) give clients total autonomy in their relationship with 
the Bank. Through the app and website - which in 2021 had a major upgrade - clients can, among other 
services: open their account, access information across the Bank’s entire offerings and use the various 
support tools, monitor market indicators and manage their portfolio, perform various operations and 
complete general tasks, such as updating data. 
In June 2022, Banco Best’s assets under management stood at €2.2 billion plus €0.4 billion in funds 
distributed directly by novobanco. In 2021, Banco Best reached an all-time high in terms of assets under 
management, which, at €2.7 billion, rose by €529 million compared with 2020 (an increase of 24 per 
cent.). The main drivers of this result were growth in the asset management segment (an increase of €421 
million / 33 per cent.) and in trading (an increase of €62 million / 25 per cent.). In June 2022, customer 
loans fell by €20 million year to date (although customer loans increased by 20 per cent. during the year 
2021).  
In 2021, new client acquisition performed very well, with a 41 per cent. increase. Additionally, in 2021, 
clients favoured the digital media, with 40 per cent. of accounts opened by videoconference or digital 
mobile key. 
Banco Best posted a net loss of €0.2 million in the first half of 2022, while in the first half of 2021 it 
posted a net profit of €1.1 million. The performance in the first half of 2022 was explained by the cost 
of the new outsourcing contract with novobanco and the lower amount of capital gains in the proprietary 
portfolio, while the performance in 2021 benefited from the increase in fee and commission income (an 
increase of €3.2 million / 22 per cent.), underpinned by the excellent performance of the main asset 
management and trading commercial indicators, as well as by operating costs control (a decrease of 3.3 
per cent. compared against 2020). 
Banco Best Highlights 
Digital Channels: The channels (app and website) had a significant boost from the modernisation of the 
layout, the integration of new products, services and functionalities, and the transformation of processes, 
with significant impacts on user experience design/user interface design, including the following: 
• 
All investment solutions and products (e.g., ETFs, equities) as well as other tools and 
functionalities (e.g., dashboard, Smart search) made available on the app; 
• 
Account opening on the app, website and internal channels; process redesign, passport 
identification and automatic Portuguese Electronic Passport (PEP) validation; and 
• 
Website redesign – including the clients’ transactional website 
Offer & Innovation: Consolidation of leadership in the management of a digital open platform of 
investment and trading, with the introduction of new partnerships and solutions: 
• 
Alternative investment offer - Investment in Collaborative Finance through a partnership with 
RAIZE; 
• 
New insurance partnership, providing access to an extensive offer of protection insurance; 
• 
New investment partners: Sixty Degrees, Natixis, Bluebay and Nomura; and 
• 
Rankia 2021 Awards: Best Funds Platform for the second consecutive year and Best ETF Broker.

--- Page 119 ---
111 
Processes & Structural: The investment in activity support generated additional value for the client, and 
improved the efficiency of processes and the management of operational risk: 
• 
App - Certification of equipment for security alerts, device management and cards – Best 
Guardian; 
• 
Strengthening of the active-active systems infrastructure through the introduction of a smart 
arbitration mechanism; 
• 
Digital transformation of the account opening process; and 
• 
Directive (EU) 2015/2366 on payment services in the internal market - review of flows and API 
on the website and app. 
• 
GNB Gestão de Ativos offers financial products and services, including several types of funds – mutual 
funds, real estate funds and pension funds – besides providing discretionary and portfolio management 
services. As at June 2022, GNB Gestão de Ativos had €8.5 billion (€9.9 billion at December 2021) in 
assets under management in Portugal and in Luxembourg. 
GNB Gestão de Ativos maintains its management focus on the offer of products and services that create 
financial value for its clients. The quality of management and consistency of performance were 
recognised with 10 awards during the year, both domestic and international, including Morningstar Fund 
Awards Portugal 2021, Refinitiv Lipper Awards and the Best Funds Awards - Jornal de 
Negócios/APFIPP with the NB Obrigações Europa, NB Euro Bond, NB PPR and FP PPR Vintage funds 
earning awards for their performance in 2020. GNB Gestão de Ativos also earned the award for Best 
Bond Fund Manager (Portugal) 2021 from CFI.co – Capital Finance International. 
In June 2022, income from asset management activities increased by 8 per cent. year on year to €4.3 
million, generating a 4.8 per cent. increase in equity compared to December 2021. This growth in 
revenues combined with practically flat costs led to an improvement in the cost-to-income ratio, which 
dropped to 48.1 per cent. (a reduction of 1.6 percentage points year on year). In 2021 income from asset 
management activities increased by 26 per cent., to €10.3 million, driven by positive impacts from both 
the side of revenues - with net fees and commissions growing by more than 4 per cent., and from the 
side of costs, which fell by around 8 per cent.  
Assets under management of all mutual funds domiciled in Portugal and Luxembourg in June 2022 
decreased by 14 per cent. year to date to €8.5 billion. On the other hand, in 2021 GNB Gestão de Ativos 
assets under management in 2021 increased by 16 per cent., to €1.3 billion. With the aim of increasing 
the focus on the most suitable products for its clients, while maintaining considerable diversification of 
products and services, in 2021 the offering was restructured and two funds on the Luxembourg platform 
were liquidated. 
GNB Real Estate’s management remained faithful to its mission of creating financial value, pursuing its 
main objective of reducing exposure to non-strategic real estate and reorganising the portfolio of real 
estate funds under its management. At 31 December 2021 the volume under management of real estate 
investment funds totalled approximately €1,083 million (an increase of 1.54 per cent. compared against 
2020). GNB Real Estate closed 2021 with a market share of 9.9 per cent. (compared with 9.8 per cent. 
in 2020).  
In the pension funds segment, assets under management grew by 7 per cent. to €2.63 billion, with four 
more corporate pension plans, two of which closed-end, contributing to this growth.

--- Page 120 ---
112 
H. LIQUIDITY AND FUNDING  
Highlights 
• 
Liquidity remains at comfortable levels and above regulatory requirements. 
• 
Stable funding structure, relying mainly on customer deposits. The first half of 2022 was marked by 
strong growth of customer deposits (increasing €1.1 billion year to date). 
• 
Cost optimisation continues to be one of the main focuses of the Issuer, without incurring undesirable 
liquidity risks. 
• 
2021 marked the return of the Issuer to the capital markets, driven by its MREL requirements. Issuances 
in the coming years are expected to ensure compliance with MREL ratios and improve the Bank’s 
funding profile. 
Liquidity Management 
The Issuer manages liquidity in accordance with all the regulatory rules and its own management principles, 
guaranteeing that all responsibilities are met, whether in normal market conditions or under stress conditions. 
These include, among others, the ECB’s legal reserves, liquidity ratios (LCR and NSFR), maintenance of 
adequate levels of liquid assets, definition of funding transfer pricing framework and establishment of an offer 
of financial products that results in a diversified panel of funding sources. 
Short-term liquidity is monitored through daily mismatch reports, prepared in accordance with pre-established 
guidelines and internally defined metrics, which allows the Issuer to make an early detection of any signals of 
crisis with potential impacts on the Issuer, namely through idiosyncratic risk, contagion risk (due to market 
tensions) or the risk of repercussions of an economic crisis on the Issuer. The report monitors the evolution of 
the liquidity position, including eligible assets and liquidity buffers, main cash inflows and outflows, deposits’ 
evolution, medium- and long-term funding, central banks funding, the evolution of the treasury gap (net 
interbank deposits), as well as several warning indicators established for the purpose.  
This process ensures an ongoing and active role in liquidity risk management and risk assessment from the 
Executive Board of Directors (the “EBD”) and also allows the Issuer to take immediate action whenever 
necessary.  
In addition, the liquidity position is also regularly reported to the Joint Supervisory Team. 
In terms of the structural liquidity, the Issuer manages its activity and funding sources in order to achieve 
funding stability and cost optimisation, avoiding as much as possible undesirable liquidity risks. The structural 
liquidity of the Issuer is analysed in detail on the Capital and Asset Liability Committee (“CALCO”), which 
meets on a monthly basis. Among other things, CALCO analyses and discusses the Issuer’s liquidity position, 
performs a comprehensive analysis of the liquidity risk and its evolution, with special focus on current liquidity 
buffers and generation and maintenance of eligible assets for rediscount with the ECB and respective impacts 
on the liquidity ratios. 
The Group’s funding policy is one of the major components of the Issuer’s liquidity risk management, which 
stresses the diversification of funding sources by instruments, investors and maturities. Given the commercial 
nature of the balance sheet, the Issuer’s strategy has, since its incorporation, largely relied on boosting customer 
deposits as its major source of funding, as deposits were severely hit by the resolution and market access has 
not been normalised. 
Additionally, the Issuer prepares a monthly liquidity report, considering not only the effective maturity but also 
behavioural maturity of the various products, which allows the Issuer to determine the structural mismatches 
for each maturity profile. Based on this information and the Issuer’s medium-term plan, the annual activity

--- Page 121 ---
113 
funding plan is prepared considering the established budget targets. This plan, which is regularly reviewed, 
favors, as much as possible, stable funding instruments.  
The Issuer also has in place a contingency liquidity plan, which comprises a set of measures that, if triggered, 
would allow the Issuer to manage and/or minimise the effects of a severe liquidity crisis. These measures aim 
to address additional liquidity needs and boost the resilience of the Issuer in a potential stress situation.  
Finally, the Issuer also performs, on an annual basis, an internal liquidity adequacy assessment process 
(ILAAP), which evaluates the liquidity position of the Issuer in a normal and stress scenario. The results of this 
process, which is approved by the EBD, must be sent to the regulatory authorities and concluded that the Issuer’s 
funding and liquidity structure and internal processes are sound and that the Issuer could withstand a stress 
scenario. 
Funding structure and liquidity  
In the first half of 2022, the Issuer maintained a comfortable liquidity position as shown by a Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio (“LCR”) of 186 per cent. (182 per cent. as at December 2021; 140 per cent. as at December 2020) and a 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”) of 106 per cent. (117 per cent. as at December 2021; 112 per cent. at the 
end of 2020), both above the regulatory requirement.  
 
As at 30 June 2022, customer deposits increased by €1.1 billion to €28.4 billion, mainly explained by the 
performance of the retail segment, and remained the main source of balance sheet funding. In the first half of 
2022, customer deposits totaled €28.4 billion (€27.3 billion in 2021 and €26.1 billion in 2020), having increased 
€1.5 billion year on year, with a strong contribution from both the retail and corporate segments, despite a 
continuous cost reduction. The positive performance in customer deposits in 2021 was particularly relevant in 
the retail segment, which increased €1.0 billion year on year. 
As at 30 June 2022, customer deposits remained the Issuer’s main funding source, accounting for 62.4 per cent. 
of its funding structure (61.2 per cent. as at December 2021; 58.8 per cent. as at December 2020), of which 72 
per cent. were deposits from the retail segment (stable from 31 December 2021).  
Liquidity Ratios (%)
112%
117%
106%
150%
182%
186%
Jun-21
Dec-21
Jun-22
NSFR
LCR

--- Page 122 ---
114 
 
 
During the first half of 2022, the loan portfolio increased by €0.7 billion to €24.3 billion, driven by the corporate 
loans’ growth. In 2021, the loan portfolio amounted to €23.7 billion (as compared with €23.6 billion for the 
2020 financial year), despite the NPL’s sales, as the Bank managed to maintain a strong loan origination, with 
the corporate segment remaining at the core of its business model. 
 
As of 30 June 2022, the securities portfolio amounted to €10.3 billion, a €0.2 billion decrease compared to 
€10.5 billion on 31 December 2021, primarily explained by market performance and the execution of the de-
risking strategy, as well as the maturity profile of the sovereign debt. At the end of 2021, the securities portfolio 
reduced by around €0.9 billion as compared with 2020, largely due to the de-risking strategy and the 
reimbursements of the Sovereign debt portfolio. Both as of 30 June 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Issuer’s 
security portfolio remained substantially (more than 70 per cent.) composed of high-quality liquid assets 
(“HQLAs”), and among these more than 50 per cent. are sovereign or supranational debt securities. Throughout 
the year of 2021, due to the historically low level of sovereign and supra yields, the reinvestment of matured 
securities did not prove to be more profitable than the maintenance of this liquidity at the ECB. 
72%
72%
72%
28%
28%
28%
26.9
27.3
28.4
Jun-21
Dec-21
Jun-22
Retail
Non-Retail
Deposits Breakdown by Customer
(€bn; %)
+5.6%
+3.9%
YoY
YtD

--- Page 123 ---
115 
 
In terms of medium- and long-term funding, driven by the Bank’s MREL requirements, in 2021 novobanco 
successfully concluded two senior preferred bond issues amounting in aggregate to €575 million, a milestone 
for the Bank’s return to the capital markets: 
1. In July 2021, the Bank issued €300 million of bonds maturing in 2024, with an early redemption option 
in 2023.This bond issue was executed together with a liability management exercise consisting of a 
tender offer and consent solicitation on its long-dated bond, in which novobanco acquired 
approximately 32 per cent. of the outstanding amount of its zero-coupon bonds for €161 million, 
corresponding approximately to €88 million of book value. The replacement of these zero-coupon 
bonds by the new bonds will improve the funding structure, as the new bonds are fully compliant with 
the MREL requirements and will allow for relevant interest savings in the coming years. 
2. In December 2021, novobanco returned to the markets with another senior preferred bond issue 
amounting €275 million and with maturity in 2023 (early redemption in September 2022).  
These two market transactions allowed the bank to comply with the MREL regulatory requirement, in force 
since 1 January 2022.  
Additionally, in 2021: (i) the increase in the amount and maturity of the medium-term financing under the 
TLTRO III by €950 million at year end to mitigate the negative impact of the reimbursement/maturity 
shortening of outstanding TLTRO III amount on NSFR; and (ii) the Resolution's Fund €429 million capital 
injection in June and December, under the Contingent Capital Agreement, allowed a significant reinforcement 
of the Bank's liquidity, as well as maintaining the stability of its funding structure. 
At the end of the first half of 2022, the amount of cash and deposits in the central banks remained considerably 
high at circa €5.8 billion (versus €5.3 billion in December 2021). On the other hand, the net financing from the 
ECB (financing from the ECB less applications with this institution) totaled €2.2 billion (versus €2.7 billion in 
December 2021). 
3.3
3.1
2.2
3.5
3.2
3.4
3.5
3.4
4.1
0.9
0.8
0.7
11.1
10.5
10.3
Jun-21
Dec-21
Jun-22
PT Sovereign 
debt
Other Sovereign 
debt
Bonds2
Other1
Securities Portfolio: Breakdown 
(€bn)
(1) Includes Funds and Equity Holdings; (2) Includes Corporate Debt and Supra;

--- Page 124 ---
116 
 
In this context, the Issuer maintained its liquidity buffer at comfortable levels. On 30 June 2022, the portfolio 
of assets eligible for rediscount with the central bank remained stable versus 31 December 2021, totaling €16.5 
billion (net of haircut). In addition, including HQLAs non-eligible for ECB rediscount purposes, as well as 
deposits in the ECB, the total liquidity buffer in the first half of 2022 increased by €0.7 billion to €13.2 billion, 
mostly composed of highly liquid assets (90 per cent.). 
 
 
 
(1) Includes off-balance 
26.9
27.3
28.4
6.0
6.4
6.2
32.8
33.8
34.6
Jun-21
Dec-21
Jun-22
Customer Deposits & Total Funds
(%; €bn)
Deposits
Other 
Funds1
+5.3%
+2.4%
YoY
YtD
€2.5bn       €2.7bn       €2.2bn

--- Page 125 ---
117 
 
 
 
I. RISK MANAGEMENT 
The definition of a risk management framework with standards, patterns, objectives and responsibilities 
established for all areas of the Group, seeks to allow the Issuer to follow the Issuer’s strategic direction in 
compliance with the established risk appetite.  
Supporting senior management in effective risk management and in the development of a strong risk culture, 
this framework defines the following: 
• 
the main risks faced by the Group, as well as those to which it may be exposed; 
• 
the risk appetite requirements and their monitoring; 
• 
the responsibility functions in risk management; and 
• 
the governance structures and risk management and control committees. 
72%
72%
72%
28%
28%
28%
26.9
27.3
28.4
Jun-21
Dec-21
Jun-22
Retail
Non-Retail
Deposits Breakdown by Customer
(€bn; %)
+5.6%
+3.9%
YoY
YtD
13.9
13.7
14.3
10.0
9.8
9.8
1.3
1.4
1.4
2020
2021
June-22
Loans to  Customers 
Gross Book Value Evolution (€ billion)
Corporate
Mortgage
Consumer
25.2
24.9
25.5

--- Page 126 ---
118 
 
 
THE RISK CULTURE OF THE GROUP 
Risk is implicit in the banking business. Consequently, the Issuer is naturally exposed to the various classes of 
risk arising from external and internal factors according to the markets where the Bank operates and the 
activities it develops. 
The Issuer considers that risk management is a key pillar for sustained value creation over time. 
The Issuer’s risk management and control is therefore grounded on the following assumptions: 
• 
Independence from the Group's other units, and in particular risk-taking units. 
• 
Universality, through application of the risk culture across the entire Issuer, through a holistic and pre-
emptive approach to risk. 
• 
A model with three lines of defence, viewing the adequate detection, measurement, monitoring and 
control of all material risks to which the Issuer is exposed. This model implies that all employees, in 
their activity, are responsible for the management and control of risks 
 
 
A strong risk culture in the organisation is revealed by diligent, proactive and consistent compliance with 
regulations, the code of conduct, values and risk appetite defined for all activities and risk exposures. To this 
end, the timely identification of risk sources and risk-based mitigation and control actions are fundamental 
RISK MANAGEMENT FUNCTION 
The risk management function is organised in such a way as to allow effective management of the risks 
considered relevant and material by the Issuer (those to which senior management pays special attention and 
which may impact the achievement of the objectives defined by the Issuer) as well as risks considered as 
emerging (those where little is known about their components, and whose impact may occur over a longer time 
horizon). 
The risks identified as relevant and material are quantified within the scope of the Internal Capital Adequacy 
Self-Assessment (“ICAAP”) exercise, the most relevant being:

--- Page 127 ---
119 
(i) 
credit risk, which includes default, counterparty and concentration risk;  
(ii) 
liquidity risk;  
(iii) 
market risk in the trading book and banking book, which includes interest rate risk (IRRBB), equities 
risk, credit spread risk, real estate risk and pension fund risk;  
(iv) 
operational risk, which includes operations risk, information systems risk, compliance risk, and 
reputational risk; and  
(v) 
business risk. 
Emerging risks, which are closely monitored by the risk structures, include climate change and regulatory 
changes, among others.  
In particular, with regards to ESG risks, the Issuer is finalising a specific risk assessment exercise, aimed at (i) 
understanding the (complex) transmission channels that link this category to the other risk categories, (ii) 
assessing their likely impacts, taking into account different climate transition scenarios; and (iii) strengthening 
the existing risk management and control practices. 
MANAGEMENT OF ESG RISKS 
Approach to ESG risks 
ESG risk management is integrated in the global sustainability framework of the novobanco Group, which 
comprises the following elements: 
• 
The Group-wide sustainability strategy, which sets the objectives, targets, actions and respective timings 
for the business areas; the internal governance, internal control and risk management strategy; the 
internal activities (i.e., own operations) strategy; and the internal and external reporting strategy. 
• 
The Group’s disclosure approach regarding its sustainability objectives, such as: (i) reduction of direct 
greenhouse gas emissions, in line with the global objectives of the Paris Agreement, the United Nations’ 
global international treaty on climate change (the “Paris Agreement”); (ii) increased use of ‘sustainable 
finance’ instruments, namely through the commercial offer and investment policies, channelling direct 
financial support to the transition of the Portuguese economy; and (iii) adequate management of climate 
transition risks, systematically identifying and controlling its main factors; 
• 
A governance and operational structure specifically adapted to this strategy, ensuring the existence in 
the first and second lines of internal organisation, of expertise and approaches/work plans directed at 
ensuring the fulfilment of the Issuer’s objectives. 
This framework is directly led by the EBD, supervised by the General and Supervisory Board (the “GSB”), 
with the participation of the departmental heads more closely involved in the definition and implementation of 
the sustainability strategy. 
At an operational level, this framework is executed by dedicated working groups, which follow detailed action 
plans to ensure the timely achievement of the established objectives, in alignment with the defined strategy. 
The developments at the level of the ESG risk component of the risk management system take place within 
these organisational structures and have three primary objectives: 
• 
Compliance with the new regulatory requirements, namely those concerning the disclosure of non-
financial information on the sustainability strategy and ESG risk management;

--- Page 128 ---
120 
• 
Effective alignment with regulatory and supervisory expectations, with emphasis on (i) implementation 
of the ECB Guide on climate-related and environmental (“C&E”) risks management; and (ii) 
participation in the ECB stress test exercises focused on C&E risks, starting in 2022; and 
• 
Implementation of enhanced procedures for ESG risk management, adjusted to the activity of the Issuer, 
with emphasis on (i) routines for global monitoring of ESG risk exposure; (ii) integration in the business 
(commercial and financial) of specific controls for ESG risk factors, conducting the origination and 
monitoring of risk exposures - including the necessary procedures to implement the European Taxonomy 
Regulation (defined below) for sustainable activities; and (iii) implementation of risk assessment 
practices, considering sensitivity analysis or scenario methodologies. 
ESG risk profile 
The definition of ESG risks focuses on the potential negative impacts deriving from the current or future effects 
of risk factors in clients and counterparties or in the Bank’s assets and liabilities, that are included in the current 
internal taxonomy of the Issuer, and in particular of climate change impacts. 
The Group is currently in the process of reviewing and updating its risk taxonomy – as part of the internal risk 
identification and assessment exercise – with the objective of recognising and reassessing the materiality of the 
impacts of the climate and environmental, and social and governance risk components. 
Implementation of the European Taxonomy Regulation for sustainable activities 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (the “European Taxonomy Regulation”) and Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2021/2178, establish (i) a regime for the promotion of sustainable finance, defining the criteria to classify 
economic activities as sustainable from an environmental point of view and, (ii) the content and methodology 
for information disclosure by the institutions covered by the application of the European Taxonomy Regulation. 
The Issuer has been taking the necessary steps towards alignment with the taxonomy criteria, namely by (i) 
assessing and controlling the eligibility of its operations; and (ii) determining the operational requirements in 
terms of collection, confirmation and analysis of information - with its clients. 
In line with the applicable requirements, and in particular with Article 10 of the European Taxonomy Regulation, 
the novobanco Group complies with the following mandatory disclosures5: 
• 
The proportion of its total assets of exposures to Taxonomy non-eligible and Taxonomy-eligible 
economic activities; 
• 
The proportion of its total assets of the exposures referred to in Article 7(1) and (2) of the European 
Taxonomy Regulation; 
• 
The proportion of its total assets of the exposures referred to in Article 7(3) of the European Taxonomy 
Regulation; and 
• 
The qualitative information referred to in Annex XI of the European Taxonomy Regulation. 
Quantitative disclosures under the European Taxonomy Regulation 
Requirements of Article 10 of the European Taxonomy Regulation, paragraph 2: 
 
5 
According to the EC’s clarifications (December 2021 FAQ), eligibility estimates may only be reported on a voluntary basis. Bearing in mind 
the timetable for implementation of the European Taxonomy Regulation, particularly with regard to the non-financial business sector, no 
information is yet available (e.g., prepared by Issuer’s clients) to enable eligibility reporting on a factual basis.

--- Page 129 ---
121 
 
Total (Euros) 
% of total 
assets 
Total assets6 
44,943,252,450 
100 
Of which the proportion of the 
trading portfolio and on demand 
inter-bank loans in total assets. 
427,460,000 
0.95 
Exposures to central governments, 
central banks and supranational 
issuers 
6,632,101,922 
14.76 
Exposures to derivatives 
263,199,000 
0.59 
Exposures to companies not 
subject to the Non-financial 
Reporting Directive7 
7,085,810,507 
15.77 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT IS CONSIDERED VITAL FOR THE GROUP 
Risk Management, as a vital function for the development of the Group’s activity, is centralised in the Risk 
Management Function, which comprises the Global Risk Department (“GRD”) and the Rating Department (the 
“RTD”). It defines holistic principles for risk management and control, in close coordination with the 
Compliance Function, which is responsible for operationalising and implementing the policies defined by the 
EBD.  
All materially relevant risks are reported to the management and supervision bodies (as applicable, to the EBD, 
the GSB, both Risk Committees and the specialised committees), which are responsible for supervising, 
monitoring, assessing and defining the risk appetite and control principles.  
At operational level, the GRD centralises the Group’s Risk Management Function, namely in terms of the 
responsibilities inherent to the function, supervising the various institutions of the Group and ensuring 
independence vis-à-vis the business areas. 
The Head of the Group’s Risk Management Function is the Head of the GRD. To ensure maximum efficiency 
in the dialogue with the GRD, a local Risk Function Officer was appointed in each relevant entity of the Group. 
The GRD acts either directly or as coordinator, in dialogue with the units in charge of the local Risk 
Management Function.  
The Risk Appetite framework defines: 
 
 
 
 
6 
 Balance Sheet Assets according to Prudential Consolidation rules. Does not consider Assets under the Green Asset Ration definition. 
7 
Considers companies that, due to their size, are not covered by the NFRD (i.e., SMEs). The eventual exemption of companies outside the 
Eurozone was not considered. 
The material 
risks to which 
the Group is 
exposed 
The risk 
appetite 
statements 
The roles and 
responsibilities 
in risk 
management 
The 
organisation 
& function in 
risk 
management 
Governance & 
risk decision-
taking and 
monitoring  
committees

--- Page 130 ---
122 
This framework aims to ensure compliance with the strategy of maximising value for clients, relevant 
stakeholders along with employees, shareholders and the community, protecting the strength of the organisation 
through rational and solid risk management. 
Risks 
 
Concept 
 
Management 
 
Risk Appetite 
 
Focus in 2022 
Credit 
 
The risk of 
financial loss 
arising from the 
failure of a 
borrower or 
counterparty to 
honour the 
contractual 
obligations 
established with the 
Group within the 
scope of its lending 
activity. 
 
Management and 
control of risks of 
this nature are 
based on an internal 
risk identification, 
assessment and 
quantification 
system, as well as 
on internal 
processes for 
assigning ratings 
and scorings to 
portfolios and their 
continuous 
monitoring in 
specific decision 
forums. 
 
Conservative 
risk appetite 
 
Credit risk 
capabilities able to 
support business 
growth, such as 
reinforcement of 
remote service 
models and creation 
and development of 
automated credit 
assessment and 
decision tools. 
Following post 
Covid moratoria 
context, a new 
challenging 
macroeconomic 
environment is 
observed requiring 
reinforced capacities 
to identifying early 
signs of financial 
deterioration 
regardless of the 
industry sectors. 
Reinforcement of the 
continuous 
monitoring processes 
of the various loan 
portfolios. 
Liquidity 
 
The current or 
future risk deriving 
from an 
institution’s 
inability to satisfy 
its commitments as 
they mature, 
without incurring 
excessive losses. 
 
Based on the 
measurement of 
liquidity outflows 
from contractual 
and contingent 
positions in normal 
or stress situations, 
the management 
and control of this 
risk consists, on the 
one hand, in 
determining the 
size of the liquidity 
 
Solid liquidity 
position. 
Funding of 
medium- and 
long-term 
assets through 
stable 
liabilities. 
Withstanding 
liquidity 
stresses for a 
minimum of 
12 months. 
 
Maintenance of risk 
control monitoring 
and management 
processes, ensuring 
the timely detection 
of changes in the 
risk profile, and the 
bank’s aligned 
compliance with the 
established risk 
appetite. 
To be continuously 
updated on the

--- Page 131 ---
123 
Risks 
 
Concept 
 
Management 
 
Risk Appetite 
 
Focus in 2022 
pool available at 
any given time and, 
on the other hand, 
in planning for 
stable sources of 
funding in the 
medium and long 
term. 
Compliance at 
all times with 
the limits 
imposed by 
the legislation 
in force. 
regulatory 
framework. 
 
Market 
 
The risk of a 
potential loss 
resulting from an 
adverse change in 
the value of a 
financial instrument 
due to fluctuations 
in interest rates, 
foreign exchange 
rates, equity prices, 
commodity prices, 
real estate prices, 
volatility and credit 
spreads. 
 
A GRD expert team 
centralises the 
management and 
control of the 
Group’s market risk 
and interest rate 
risk on the banking 
book (“IRRBB”), 
in line with the 
regulations and risk 
good practices. 
 
Monitoring of 
net interest 
income, 
market 
Investments 
as well as 
balance sheet 
interest rate 
risk through 
predefined 
risk appetite 
rules. 
 
Processes for 
continuous 
monitoring of 
market risks 
allowing to assess 
the impact of 
changes in market 
factors, namely 
volatility and interest 
rate levels. 
Development and 
maintenance of 
internal models and 
stress testing 
exercises to measure 
and control market 
risk and IRRBB, as 
well as calculation of 
economic capital 
under ICAAP and 
regulatory capital 
under the 
Fundamental Review 
of the Trading Book. 
To be continuously 
updated on the 
regulatory 
framework. 
Operational 
 
The risk of 
occurrence of 
events with 
negative impacts on 
results or equity, 
resulting from 
inadequacies or 
weaknesses in 
procedures or 
 
A GRD expert team 
defines the 
Operational Risk 
Policies, with other 
units, namely the 
Compliance 
Department and the 
Information 
Security Office 
 
The 
operational 
risk appetite 
defined for 
the Group 
covers the 
various 
categories 
under this 
 
Reinforcement of 
compliance with the 
established risk 
appetite; 
Strengthening of the 
risk culture, 
particularly in the 
first line of defence, 
as support for action

--- Page 132 ---
124 
Risks 
 
Concept 
 
Management 
 
Risk Appetite 
 
Focus in 2022 
information 
systems, staff 
behaviour, or 
external events, 
including legal risk. 
Operational risk is, 
therefore, 
understood to be 
the sum of the 
following risks: 
Operations, 
Information 
Systems, 
Compliance and 
Reputational. 
issuing specific risk 
Policies. 
The effectiveness of 
operational risk 
identification and 
control 
methodologies is 
ensured though the 
activity of the 
operational risk 
management 
Representatives 
appointed for each 
organisational Unit, 
who promote the 
risk culture in the 
first line of defence 
in continuous 
collaboration with 
the GRD. 
risk. This 
appetite 
reflects the 
infeasibility 
of eliminating 
operational 
risk from a 
cost-benefit 
perspective as 
well as the 
Group's high 
ethical and 
conduct 
standards, 
thus implying 
zero tolerance 
for breaches 
of conduct. 
and decisions 
aligned with the risk 
strategy and appetite 
across the various 
levels of the 
organisation, 
promoting a more 
robust control of 
risk. 
Strengthening of the 
Fraud Risk 
framework in light 
of the increased 
sophistication of 
fraud typologies, in 
particular cyber risk, 
by enhancing the 
prevention and 
control mechanisms. 
Updating of the 
identification and 
assessment 
methodologies for 
non-financial risks, 
to include ESG risk. 
 
ESG Risk 
 
Risks of occurrence 
of financial losses 
arising from current 
or future impacts of 
ESG factors on the 
Group’s clients, 
counterparties or 
assets. 
ESG factors are 
climate and 
environmental, 
social or 
governance issues 
that may have a 
positive or negative 
impact on the 
financial 
performance or 
solvency of an 
 
The management of 
ESG risk results 
from the joint 
approach of 
specialised teams 
from the GRD, 
RTD, and Strategy 
Development and 
Implementation 
Department (the 
“DDAE”), which 
define the 
guidelines to be 
followed for any 
new business and 
for monitoring 
existing positions, 
in order to 
minimise the 
Group’s exposure, 
 
Application of 
specific 
exclusion and 
safeguard 
policies, 
namely for 
activities with 
higher ESG 
risk (in the 
environmental
, social and 
governance 
dimensions). 
Definition of 
global goals 
and guidelines 
to steer new 
credit 
production 
 
Participation in the 
ECB’s climate risk 
stress test exercise, 
which will 
strengthen the 
understanding and 
anticipation of the 
impacts of these 
risks; 
Application of the 
criteria established 
by the EU 
Taxonomy 
Regulation (and 
applicable in 2022), 
allowing the first 
characterisation of 
the bank’s portfolios;

--- Page 133 ---
125 
Risks 
 
Concept 
 
Management 
 
Risk Appetite 
 
Focus in 2022 
entity, institution or 
person. 
in particular to 
transition risks and 
physical risks. 
In addition, it is 
supported by 
methodologies to 
assess and monitor 
the risk factors, 
which, consistently 
with the applicable 
regulations, allow 
the Group to 
monitor the 
evolution of the risk 
profile of its 
balance sheet 
positions. 
according to 
ESG 
assessment 
criteria; 
Implementatio
n of global 
risk 
assessment 
methodologie
s, at the level 
of the credit 
portfolio, to 
identify and 
monitor the 
main ESG 
risks on the 
balance sheet. 
Reinforcement of the 
integration between 
ESG risk 
methodologies and 
business planning 
and execution, 
namely regarding the 
implementation of 
risk classification 
methodologies 
(Ratings & 
Taxonomy) and 
respective guidance 
on credit decision 
and monitoring. 
 
Capital Management 
The main objective of the Group’s capital management is to ensure compliance with the Group’s strategic 
targets in terms of capital adequacy, respecting and enforcing the rules regarding the calculation of risk 
weighted assets, the measure of exposure (leverage), and own funds, and ensuring compliance with the solvency 
and leverage levels set by the supervision authorities and with the risk appetite internally established for capital 
metrics. 
Overall capital planning is ensured by the Planning and Capital Management area of novobanco, as is the regular 
calculation of the bank’s own funds. 
The Group’s capital ratios are calculated by the Risk Weighted Assets Calculation and Control area of the GRD, 
which has the following main responsibilities: (i) to ensure the calculation of prudential capital ratios in 
accordance with the relevant regulations, with a view to complying with the minimum regulatory requirements 
and with the level of risk appetite defined by the EBD; and (ii) to project the evolution of risk weighted assets, 
participating in capital ratios projection exercises for budgetary purposes, medium-term plans, and any required 
internal or regulatory exercise that involves the determination of capital requirements, namely the ICAAP and 
Stress Tests. 
The Issuer’s CET1 ratio is protected up to a predetermined threshold for the amounts of losses verified in a 
perimeter of assets as outlined by the CCA. The amount of compensation requested with reference to 2021 is 
€209.2 million (with this amount not included in the calculation of regulatory capital with reference to 31 
December 2021), taking into account the losses incurred in the assets covered by the CCA, as well as the 
minimum capital condition applicable at the end of the same year under the CCA. 
The compensation amount requested from the Resolution Fund with reference to 2020 was €598.3 million. 
Regarding the amount requested from the Resolution Fund for the year 2020, novobanco only received €429 
million, as there are two divergences between the Issuer and the Resolution Fund, i.e. (i) the provision for 
discontinued operations in Spain (€147.4 million of capital impact) and (ii) €18 million from valuation of 
participation units, which are subject to a pending arbitration proceeding. The Issuer considers these amounts

--- Page 134 ---
126 
due (in aggregate equal to €165.4 million as due from the Resolution Fund under the CCA) and has triggered 
the legal and contractual mechanisms at its disposal. Additionally, the current arbitration proceedings also 
include the interest related to late payment by the Resolution Fund of an amount of €112.0 million regarding 
the 2020 financial year, and also the divergence, concerning the application by novobanco, at the end of 2020 
and subject to arbitration, of the dynamic option of the transitional regime of IFRS 9. 
In relation to the divergences mentioned above, further arbitration and other proceedings may be submitted 
regarding the amounts that the Issuer believes are due and should have been paid. Despite having been informed 
by the JST on 7 December 2021 that the claims under the CCA should only be recognised as CET1, for the 
purposes of its own funds calculation, once such payment occurs, the Issuer will continue to take all the actions 
it sees fit in order to protect the integrity of the CCA as a capital instrument. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer’s CET1 and total capital ratios reached 11.1 per cent. and 13.1 per cent., 
respectively. 
As at 30 June 2022, the CET1 ratio was 11.8 per cent. and total capital ratio was 13.9 per cent. 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
30-June-22 
 
 
31-Dec-21 
 
 
SREP 
Requirement
(1)  
COVID 
temporary 
relief 
 
 
 
 
(Phased-in)
 
(Fully 
loaded) 
 
(Phased-in)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CAPITAL RATIOS  
(CRD IV/CRR) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Risk Weighted Assets (€mn)  
(A) 
23,058 
22,914 
24,929 
 
 
 
Own Funds (€mn) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 ....  
(B) 
2,711 
2,558 
2,768 
 
 
 
Tier 1 ...............................  
(C) 
2,712 
2,559 
2,769 
 
 
 
Total Own Funds .............  
(D) 
3,214 
3,061 
3,276 
 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio  
(B/A) 
11.8% 
11.2% 
11.1% 
% 
8.7 % 
6.2% 
Tier 1 Ratio ...........................  
(C/A) 
11.8% 
11.2% 
11.1% 
% 
11 % 
8.3% 
Total Capital Ratio ................  
(D/A) 
13.9% 
13.4% 
13.1% 
% 
13.5 % 
11.0% 
 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
excludes P2G

--- Page 135 ---
127 
 
 
J. OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE (INCLUDING GOVERNMENT RELATIONSHIP) 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s share capital is €6,054,907,314, represented by 9,954,907,311 
nominative and dematerialised shares with no nominal value, fully subscribed and paid up. 
Holdings in the Issuer’s share capital as at the date of this Base Prospectus are as follows: 
Shareholder 
Number of 
shares 
% of 
share 
capital 
Nani Holdings S.G.P.S., S.A. ....................... 
7,466,180,483 
75.00 
Fundo de Resolução (Resolution Fund) ....... 
2,333,819,514 
23.44 
Direcção-Geral do Tesouro e Finanças 
154,907,314 
1.56 
 
In December 2021, a capital increase of €154,907,000 was carried out through the conversion of the conversion 
rights (resulting from the Special Regime Applicable to Deferred Tax Assets) for the year 2015, which gave 
the Portuguese State a 1.56 per cent. stake in novobanco, and which resulted in the issuance of 154,907,314 
new ordinary shares. 
Following the Lone Star Sale, the Resolution Fund and Nani Holdings S.G.P.S., S.A. entered into, on 31 March 
2017, a shareholders agreement (the “Shareholders Agreement”), which was amended and restated on 24 July 
2017, under which Lone Star committed to inject €750 million in capital at the moment of sale, and an additional 
€250 million over a 3 year period. In the context of the Lone Star Sale and the execution of the Shareholders 
Agreement, the CCA was created, under which, in case the Issuer’s capital ratios decrease below the regulatory 
requirements, and cumulatively, losses are recorded in a delimited portfolio of assets, the Resolution Fund shall 
make a payment corresponding to the lower of the losses recorded and the amount needed to restore the capital 
ratios at the relevant level, up to a maximum of €3,890 million. For further details on the CCA, see “–Contingent 
Capital Agreement” above.

--- Page 136 ---
128 
In view of the commitments assumed by the Portuguese State before the EC in the context of the approval of 
the sale of a participation in the share capital of the Issuer under EU rules on state aid, the Resolution Fund, as 
shareholder of the Issuer, should refrain from exercising its non-equity rights, namely its voting rights. 
It should also be noted that the Issuer adhered to the special regime applicable to Deferred Tax Assets (“DTAs”) 
approved by Law No. 61/2014, of 26 August. The regime applies to DTAs related to the non-deduction, for 
corporate income tax purposes, of costs and negative equity changes recorded up to 31 December 2015 for 
impairment losses on loans and advances to customers and with employee post-employment or long-term 
benefits. The regime foresees that those assets can be converted into tax credits when the taxable entity reports 
an annual net loss.  
The conversion of the eligible DTAs into tax credits was made according to the proportion of the amount of net 
loss to total equity at the individual company level. A special reserve was established with an amount identical 
to the tax credit approved, increased by 10 per cent. This special reserve was established using the originating 
reserve and is to be incorporated in the share capital. 
The conversion rights are securities that grant the Portuguese State the right to demand of the Issuer the 
respective share capital increase, through the incorporation of the amount of the special reserve and the 
consequent issue and delivery of ordinary shares at no cost. The shareholders of the Issuer have the unilateral 
right to acquire the conversion rights from the Portuguese State.  
In accordance with the DTA legal regime, conversion rights have been or will be issued by the Issuer in favour 
of the Portuguese State in respect of the financial years from 2015 to 2020. Such conversion rights allow the 
Portuguese State to convert them into ordinary shares of the Issuer and will confer a stake of approximately 
15.95 per cent. of the share capital of the Issuer, subject to the confirmation of the tax authorities. 
For the years 2016 and 2017, the tax authority has already validated the tax credit, and the final amount of 
conversion rights attributed to the Portuguese State represents an additional stake of 4.13 per cent. of the share 
capital of novobanco. Subject to clarification from the Portuguese State in respect of the procedure regarding 
the operation of the conversion rights, the Issuer has agreed with the shareholders to issue the shares with 
conversion rights in relation to the 2015-2017 financial years by 31 December 2021. As such clarification is 
still pending, only the 2015 conversion rights were converted and conferred a stake of 1.56 per cent. of the share 
capital of the Issuer and the conversion rights for 2016 and 2017 may be exercised and converted in accordance 
with the procedure and timings established in the legal regime. In accordance with the agreements on the sale 
of the Issuer to Nani Holdings, S.G.P.S., S.A., the shareholding of Nani Holdings, S.G.P.S., S.A. in the Issuer shall 
not be reduced as a consequence of the DTA legal regime and shall remain at 75 per cent. and, as such, the 
shareholding of Fundo de Resolução will be diluted proportionally to the increase of the stake held by the 
Portuguese State. 
K. GOVERNANCE MODEL 
There are no specific mechanisms in place to ensure that exercise of control over the Issuer is not abused. Risk 
of abusive control is, in any case, mitigated by the existence of a governance model that is unique within the 
Portuguese financial sector. In line with international best practices in management, and under the new 
shareholder structure, since 18 October 2017 the Issuer has in place the following corporate bodies: GSB and 
the EBD, each of its members being bound by duties of care and loyalty in order to optimise the interests of all 
relevant stakeholders (in accordance with Article 64 of the Portuguese Commercial Companies Code and, in 
relation to directors, Article 75 of the RGICSF), as well as a consultative Monitoring Committee for certain 
CCA matters and an Auditor.

--- Page 137 ---
129 
Furthermore, risk of abusive control is also mitigated by the legal and regulatory provisions and supervision of 
the Issuer by the Bank of Portugal and the ECB, which, among other regulatory areas, supervise the acquisition 
and disposal of qualified holdings in the Issuer. 
The GSB is responsible for regular monitoring, advising and supervising the management of the Issuer and the 
Group subsidiaries, as well as for supervising the EBD relating to compliance with the relevant regulatory 
requirements of banking activity. The GSB meets on a monthly basis, and its chairperson maintains regular 
communication and dialogue with the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”). The GSB is supported by committees 
to which it delegates some of its powers: the Financial Affairs (Audit) Committee, the Risk Committee, the 
Compliance Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee. These committees are 
composed of and chaired by independent members of the GSB and their meetings may be attended by the 
members of the EBD responsible for the matters that are dealt with by the relevant committees. 
The GSB has the responsibilities and powers that are granted to it by law and by the Articles of Association 
and in its internal regulations, including the supervision of all matters related to risk management, compliance 
and internal audit, and prior approval on relevant matters detailed in the Articles of Association. 
The EBD is responsible for the management of the Issuer, for the definition of the general policies and strategic 
objectives, as well as ensuring the management of the business in accordance with the rules and good banking 
practices. 
 
 
For further details see “Management and Supervisory Corporate Bodies” below. 
L. MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY CORPORATE BODIES 
Composition and functioning of the management and supervisory corporate bodies and changes in the 
Issuer’s Articles of Association 
Under the terms of the Issuer’s Articles of Association, the corporate and statutory bodies of the Issuer are the 
General Meeting, the GSB, the EBD, the Monitoring Committee, the Statutory Auditor and the Company 
Secretary.  
The members of the corporate bodies are elected for four-year terms of office and they may be re-elected once 
or more than once. 
Also, in accordance with the Issuer’s Articles of Association, the members of the Board of the General Meeting, 
the GSB and the Monitoring Committee are elected by the General Meeting. The General Meeting also has the 
powers to appoint and replace the Issuer’s Statutory Auditor, upon a proposal of the GSB. The members of the 
EBD are appointed by the GSB. The Company Secretary and Alternate Secretary are appointed by the EBD, 
after consulting with the GSB.

--- Page 138 ---
130 
Changes to the Issuer’s Articles of Association are the responsibility of the General Meeting.  
In December 2021, an amendment was made to the Articles of Association of the Issuer with regards to Article 
4 (Share Capital and Shares), which has the following wording: 
“1. The share capital of Novo Banco totals €6,054,907,314 (six billion, fifty-four million, nine hundred and 
seven thousand, three hundred and fourteen euros), divided into 9,954,907,311 (nine billion, nine hundred fifty-
four million, nine hundred and seven thousand, three hundred eleven) nominative dematerialised shares with 
no nominal value, fully subscribed and paid up.” 
Board of the General Meeting 
The composition of the Board of the General Meeting of the Issuer for the 2021-2024 term of office, at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, is as follows: 
Chairman: Fernando Augusto de Sousa Ferreira Pinto 
Vice-Chairwoman: Magdalena Ivanova Ilieva 
Secretary: Mário Nuno de Almeida Martins Adegas 
General and Supervisory Board 
The GSB is the supervisory body of the Issuer and its members are elected by the General Meeting. 
In October 2020, the General Meeting of the Issuer appointed the members of the GSB for the 2021-2024 
mandate, which authorisation was already issued by the competent regulatory authorities. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, six of the ten members of the GSB, including its Chairperson, are 
independent. 
The GSB has the powers vested upon it by law and by the Articles of Association, having as main functions to 
regularly monitor, advise and supervise the management of the Issuer and of the Group companies, as well as 
to supervise the EBD with regard to compliance with the relevant regulatory requirements of banking activity. 
Additionally, the GSB has specific powers to elect the members of the EBD and responsibilities in granting 
previous consents for approval by the EBD of certain matters established in the Articles of Association, namely 
the approval of (i) credit, risk and accounting policies, (ii) business plan, budget and activity plan, (iii) change 
of headquarters, closing or changing of representation structure abroad; (iv) capital expenditure, debt or 
refinancing, sales or acquisitions, creation of liens or granting of loans above certain limits and within certain 
conditions, (v) practice or omission of any material act related with the CCA; and (vi) hiring of employees with 
annual remunerations above certain limits. 
The GSB holds meetings on a monthly basis. The Chairperson of the GSB and the CEO maintain regular, and 
at least weekly, dialogue and communication between them. 
The following table sets out the members of the GSB for the 2021-2024 term of office, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, with an indication of name, position and principal activities of the directors outside of the 
Group: 
Name  
Position  
Principal activities outside of the Group  
Byron James Macbean 
Haynes  
Chairman  
- 
Chairman of the audit committee at Nani 
Holdings SGPS, S.A.  
- 
Non-executive 
director 
at 
Saffron 
Brand 
Consultant  
Karl-Gerhard Eick  
Vice-
- 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of IKB

--- Page 139 ---
131 
Name  
Position  
Principal activities outside of the Group  
Chairman  
Deutsche Industriebank AG  
- 
Member of Audit Committee of Nani Holdings 
- 
Non-Executive Director of GHC Global Health 
Care GMBH 
Donald John Quintin  
Member  
- 
President of Lone Star Europe Acquisitions 
Limited 
- 
Chairman of Quintin Limited 
Kambiz Nourbakhsh  
Member  
- 
Senior 
Managing 
Director 
at 
Lone 
Star 
Switzerland Acquisitions GmB (self-stated name 
Nani) 
- 
Member of the Audit Committee at Nani 
Holdings  
- 
NED in Mastiff MidCo 
Mark Andrew Coker  
Member  
- 
Member of the Supervisory Board of IKB 
Deutsche Industriebank AG 
- 
Managing Director at Lone Star Europe 
Acquisitions 
Benjamin Friedrich 
Dickgiesser  
Member  
- 
Member of the Supervisory Board of IKB 
Deutsche Industriebank AG 
- 
Managing 
Director 
for 
Hudson 
Advisors 
Portugal, Lda  
John Ryan Herbert  
Member  
- 
Director of DFC Corp 
- 
Director of Quintain Limited 
- 
NED Digital Core REIT Management PTE 
Robert Alan Sherman  
Member  
- 
Non-Executive Director at Opportunity Network 
- 
Senior Counsel of Greenberg Traurig 
- 
Member of the Advisory Board of Rasky Partners  
Carla Antunes da Silva  
Member  
- 
Director at Lloyds Banking Group 
- 
Non-Executive 
Director 
at 
Lloyds 
Bank 
Corporate Markets 
William Henry Newton 
Member 
- 
Director at AVIN Consulting Ltd 
 
To the best of the Issuer’s knowledge, none of the abovementioned members of the GSB has any external 
activity relevant for the Issuer other than the ones listed above. 
For all the purposes resulting from the functions of the members of the GSB, their professional domicile is at 
Avenida da Liberdade, nº 195, 1250 - 142 Lisbon, Portugal. 
Committees of the GSB 
The GSB is directly supported by 5 (five) Committees, namely the Financial Affairs (Audit) Committee, the 
Risk Committee, the Compliance Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee, 
the latter holding some powers delegated by the GSB.

--- Page 140 ---
132 
These committees are composed of and chaired by members of the GSB. Their meetings may also be attended 
by members of the EBD responsible for the matters that are dealt with by the relevant committees. 
• 
Financial Affairs (Audit) Committee  
The Financial Affairs (Audit) Committee has monitoring and supervision responsibilities concerning 
the financial performance of the Issuer and other financial entities included in the prudential 
consolidation perimeter, the accounting policies and procedures and the follow-up of the external 
auditor, in particular with powers under the Commercial Companies Code.  
This committee also has delegated powers of the GSB with regard to, among other, material changes 
to accounting policies, the approval of the annual budget, and prior consent for the issue of certain 
instruments of debt.  
In addition, this committee supports the GSB in overseeing the effectiveness of the internal control 
system, risk management system and internal audit system of the Issuer and the financial companies 
within its scope of prudential consolidation. 
The members of the Financial Affairs (Audit) Committee are as follows: 
 
Chairman:  
Karl-Gerhard Eick 
 
 
Byron Haynes 
 
 
Kambiz Nourbakhsh 
 
• 
Risk Committee  
The Risk Committee advises and supports the GSB in monitoring the Issuer’s actual and future global 
risk appetite and risk strategy as well as the effectiveness of the internal control system and risk 
management system of the Issuer and the financial companies included in its prudential consolidation 
perimeter. 
This committee also has the powers provided for by law and the delegated powers of the GSB with 
regard to certain credit transactions and changes in risk policies. 
The members of the Risk Committee are as follows: 
Chairman: 
William Newton 
Byron Haynes 
 
 
Karl-Gerhard Eick 
 
 
Kambiz Nourbakhsh 
 
 
Benjamin Dickgiesser 
 
• 
Compliance Committee  
The Compliance Committee advises and supports the GSB, among others, in monitoring compliance 
issues pertaining to the Issuer, the members of corporate bodies and employees, internal policies and 
processes related to compliance, policies on business conduct and ethics, and compliance and 
reputational risk. 
The above functions also extend to the following financial subsidiaries: Banco Best, Novo Banco 
Açores and companies of GNB Gestão de Ativos (Asset Management). 
In addition, it also has delegated powers in matters concerning related party transactions of the Issuer 
(with the exception of the Issuer’s transactions with shareholders, and its related parties, the matter of 
which is not delegable and is a matter of the GSB).

--- Page 141 ---
133 
The members of the Compliance Committee are as follows: 
Chairman: 
Robert Sherman 
John Herbert 
Mark Coker 
• 
Nomination Committee  
The Nomination Committee supports the GSB in overseeing the EBD’s action in the establishment of, 
and in ensuring compliance with, consistent and well-integrated nomination policies at the Issuer and 
the following financial subsidiaries: Banco Best, Novo Banco Açores and companies of GNB Gestão 
de Ativos (Asset Management). 
The members of the Nomination Committee are as follows: 
Chairman: 
John Herbert 
 
 
Robert Sherman 
 
 
Donald Quintin 
 
 
Mark Coker 
 
Carla Antunes da Silva 
• 
Remuneration Committee  
The Remuneration Committee advises and supports the GSB in the establishment of, and in ensuring 
adherence to, consistent and well-integrated remuneration policies in the Issuer and the following 
financial subsidiaries: Banco Best, NBA and companies of GNB Gestão de Ativos (Asset 
Management).  
This Committee also has delegated powers with regard to the hiring of employees with annual 
remuneration above €200,000. 
The members of the Remuneration Committee are as follows: 
Chairman: 
Byron Haynes 
Karl-Gerhard Eick 
Benjamin Dickgiesser 
 
Executive Board of Directors 
The EBD is the corporate body in charge of the management of the Issuer. Under the law and the Articles of 
Association, and respecting the powers of the other corporate bodies, it is responsible for defining the general 
policies and strategic objectives of the Issuer and of the Group and for ensuring the activity not comprised 
within the functions of other bodies of the Issuer, in compliance with the rules and standards of good banking 
practice. 
The EBD has no powers to resolve on capital increases, or on the issuance of securities convertible into shares 
or securities granting subscription rights, such decisions being the exclusive responsibility of the General 
Meeting. In the case of traded securities issues, the GSB issues a previous opinion. 
The members of the EBD are appointed by the GSB, which also appoints the CEO. 
In 2021, there were no changes to the composition of the EBD. On 3 May 2022, the GSB submitted the relevant 
“Fit and Proper” documentation for novobanco for a new mandate and also indicated a new composition of the 
EBD, appointing Mr. Mark Bourke as CEO following Mr António Ramalho’s resignation effective as of 1 
August 2022, and two new EBD members: Mr Leigh Bartlett and Mr Carlos Brandão, with all the other EBD’s 
members being appointed for the new mandate.

--- Page 142 ---
134 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following table sets out the composition of the EBD for the 2022-
2025 term of office, with an indication of name, position and principal activities of the directors outside of the 
Group: 
Name  
Position  
Principal activities outside of the 
Group  
Mark Bourke  
Chief Executive 
Officer (CEO)8 
  
- 
Member of the Board of 
APB 
– 
Associação 
Portuguesa de Bancos; 
 
Leigh Bartlett 
Chief Financial Officer 
(CFO)8 
-  
Carlos Brandão 
Chief Risk Officer 
(CRO) 8 
- 
Rui Miguel Dias 
Ribeiro Fontes 
Chief Credit Officer 
(CCO)8 
- 
Luísa Marta Santos 
Soares da Silva Amaro 
de Matos 
Chief Legal and 
Compliance Officer 
(CLCO) 
- 
Luís Miguel Alves 
Ribeiro 
Chief Commercial 
Officer (CCO - Retail) 
- 
Non-Executive Board 
Member at UNICRE  
- 
Non-Executive Board 
Member at SIBS SGPS, SA  
- 
Non-Executive Board 
Member at SIBS Forward 
Payment Solutions, SA  
Andrés Baltar Garcia 
Chief Commercial 
Officer (Corporate) 
- 
 
To the best of the Issuer’s knowledge, none of the abovementioned members of the EBD has any external 
activity relevant for the Issuer other than the ones listed above. 
For all the purposes resulting from the functions of the members of the EBD, their professional domicile is at 
Avenida da Liberdade, nº 195, 1250 - 142 Lisbon, Portugal. 
Committees of the EBD  
In accordance with its rules of procedure, the EBD may establish committees to complement its own 
management activity, ensuring the monitoring of the Issuer’s activity in areas that are considered relevant. As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following committees exist: 
 
• 
Risk Committee. Responsible for issuing an opinion on, approving, under the powers delegated by 
the EBD, and monitoring the Group’s policies and risk levels. In this context, the Risk Committee is 
responsible for monitoring the evolution of the Group’s integrated risk profile, and for analysing and 
 
8 
As of 1 August 2022

--- Page 143 ---
135 
proposing methodologies, policies, procedures and instruments to deal with all types of risk, namely 
credit, market, liquidity and operational.  
Carlos Brandão (Chairman) 
 
• 
Financial and Credit Committee. Responsible for deciding the main credit operations in which the 
Group participates, in line with the risk policies defined for the Group.  
Rui Fontes (Chairman) 
 
• 
Capital, Assets and Liabilities Committee (“CALCO”). Responsible for the definition of the 
balance sheet management policies (capital, pricing and interest rate, liquidity and foreign exchange 
risk) and for monitoring their impact at the Group level.  
Leigh Bartlett (Chairman) 
 
• 
Internal Control System Committee. This committee monitors all issues related to the Group’s 
internal control system, without prejudice to the responsibilities attributed in this regard to the EBD 
and other committees in place at the Group, namely the Risk Committee, the Operational Risk 
Committee and the Compliance Committee.  
Carlos Brandão (Chairman) 
 
• 
Compliance and Product Committee. Addresses issues related to compliance with laws, regulations 
and best practices, in particular in relation with anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing 
prevention, behavioural conduct, conflicts of interest, transactions with related parties control or 
customer claims. Further, responsible for approving, from a compliance standpoint, own or third party 
products and services developed and/or distributed by the Issuer, issuing an opinion on all of them 
within the scope of the products’ signoff process in force, as well as monitor the issues related to 
compliance with the above issues, without prejudice of competences of other governing bodies and 
GSB Committees. 
Luísa Soares da Silva (Chairwoman) 
 
• 
Digital Transformation Committee. Responsible for defining and driving digital transformation at 
the Issuer.  
Mark Bourke (Chairman) 
 
• 
Costs and Investments Committee. Responsible for approving the execution of expenses, within the 
limits of the powers conferred upon it. Its objectives include the definition of an annual expenditure 
plan and the revision of the acquisition strategy.  
Leigh Bartlett (Chairman) 
 
• 
Impairment Committee. Responsible for defining the amount of impairment to be allocated to each 
client, when the Issuer has an exposure above €100 million to that client or group of clients.  
Carlos Brandão (Chairman)

--- Page 144 ---
136 
In addition, the EBD has set up three subcommittees, (i) Non-Performing Assets (NPA) Subcommittee; (ii) 
Extended Models Risk Subcommittee; and (iii) Operational Risk Subcommittee and 6 (six) steering groups for 
the areas of (i) Retail, (ii) Corporate Clients, (iii) Human Capital, (iv) Management Information System, (v) 
Investment and (vi) Business Monitoring. The steering groups have no rules of their own, their composition 
and rules of procedure being decided on a case-by-case basis by the members of the EBD. 
Monitoring Committee 
The Monitoring Committee is a statutory advisory body ruled by the Articles of Association and deriving from 
the CCA composed of three members elected by the General Meeting, one of whom to act as Chairperson. The 
composition of the Monitoring Committee shall respect the following criteria: one of its members shall be 
independent from the parties to the CCA, and another shall be a registered charter accountant, as the Resolution 
Fund is responsible for appointing two of its members. 
The Monitoring Committee has as main responsibilities to discuss and issue (non-binding) opinions on relevant 
issues concerning the CCA upon which it is requested to issue an opinion. The members of the Monitoring 
Committee are entitled to attend as observers and speak (but not vote) at all meetings of the GSB. 
The following table sets out the members of the Monitoring Committee for the 2021-2024 term of office, as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, with an indication of name, position and principal activities of its members 
outside of the Group:  
Name  
Position  
Principal activities outside of the 
Group  
José Bracinha Vieira 
Chairman 
President of the Liquidation 
Committee of Banif – Banco 
Internacional do Funchal, S.A. 
Carlos Miguel de Paula 
Martins Roballo 
Member 
- 
Pedro Miguel Marques 
e Pereira 
Member 
- 
 
Company Secretary 
The Issuer’s Company Secretary for the 2021-2024 term of office, as at the date of this Base Prospectus are as 
follows: 
Mário Nuno de Almeida Martins Adegas 
Ana Rita Amaral Tabuada Fidalgo Brás (Alternate Secretary) 
Conflicts of Interest 
To the best of the Issuer’s knowledge and in its understanding, based on legal requirements and internal 
governance for such cases, there are no potential conflicts of interests between the duties of any member of the 
management and supervision bodies identified above towards the Issuer or towards any other Group company 
and his/her personal interests and duties, that have not been identified and adequately disclosed and settled.  
Statutory Auditor 
Supervision is in part the responsibility of the GSB and the Statutory Auditor.  
The current Statutory Auditor of the Issuer is Ernst & Young, Audit & Associados – SROC, S.A., registered in 
the CMVM under number 20161480 and in the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (OROC) under

--- Page 145 ---
137 
number 178, represented by António Filipe Dias da Fonseca Brás, registered in the CMVM under number 
20161271 and in the OROC under number 1661, and by João Carlos Miguel Alves, as alternate statutory 
auditor, registered in the CMVM under number 20160515 and in the OROC under number 896. 
The Statutory Auditor and Alternate Statutory Auditor are elected and removed by the GSB, under a proposal 
of the GSB, and they have the powers and responsibilities provided for in the law. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Issuer of the persons listed above and their 
private interest or duties. 
M. LEGAL, ADMINISTRATIVE AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
Save as disclosed below, neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group, is, or during the 12 months 
preceding the date of this Base Prospectus has been, involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), 
which may have significant effects on the Group’s financial position or profitability. 
As a large financial institution, the Group is the subject of actual and threatened litigation and other proceedings 
in the ordinary course of its banking and financial intermediary business. 
Furthermore, the Group is the subject of actual and threatened litigation and other proceedings related to its 
incorporation. 
A significant decision was ruled by the Lisbon Administrative Court (Tribunal Administrativo de Círculo (TAC) 
de Lisboa) among the legal proceedings in the Portuguese courts relating to the Resolution Measure. There are 
several legal proceedings, some of which were aggregated and designated as pilot-proceedings (processos-
piloto). In one of these, notably the one which was initiated by a shareholder of BES before the Lisbon 
Administrative Court, the plaintiffs challenged the validity of the Resolution Measure applied to BES on the 
basis of alleged illegalities and unconstitutionalities. The Issuer is counter-interested party in both proceedings. 
On 12 March 2019, the Lisbon Administrative Court fully dismissed the claims of the plaintiffs. All existing 
proceedings are still suspended. On 5 May 2022, the TJUE delivered a decision (favourable for both pilot-
proceedings) in relation to the preliminary questions raised by the Portuguese Supreme Administrative Court. 
There was also a proceeding challenging a specific decision related to the retransfer of the subordinated bonds 
by the decision of Bank of Portugal dated 29 December 2015, the Court dismissed the claims of the plaintiffs 
and the decision is final as no appeal was filed. 
Where the Group is subject to threatened or ongoing proceedings, management determines on the basis of 
applicable accounting principles and in accordance with the perimeter of assets and liabilities arising from the 
Resolution Measure and subsequent decisions of the Bank of Portugal the level of provisions to be recorded in 
its accounts regarding such proceedings. As at 31 December 2021, no provisions have been made at the level 
of the Issuer with respect to proceedings related to the Resolution Measure. 
In addition, as regulated entities, the Issuer and the Group are, from time to time, the subject of supervisory and 
administrative inquiries, inspections and investigations by regulators in the jurisdictions in which they operate. 
So far as the Issuer is aware, and except as disclosed below, none of the Issuer or other Group entities is, as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, subject to any such inquiries, inspections or investigations that may have a 
significant effect on the Group’s financial position or profitability. See also “Risk Factors—Risks relating to 
the Issuer—Legal and regulatory risks—Risks relating to regulatory requirements”. 
Proceedings relating to the Resolution Measure

--- Page 146 ---
138 
The Issuer was incorporated by the Resolution of 3 August 2014 under no. 5 of article 145-G of the RGICSF 
(the version in force at the time), following the resolution measure applied by Bank of Portugal to BES, under 
the terms of paragraphs 1 and 3-c) of article 145-C of the RGICSF.  
Pursuant to the Resolution of 3 August 2014, the assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under 
management of BES defined in Annex 2 to the Resolution of 3 August 2014 (and clarified by the extraordinary 
meeting held by the Board of Directors of the Bank of Portugal on 11 August 2014 (5 p.m.)) were transferred 
to the Issuer. 
The Resolution of 3 August 2014 and the decisions of the Bank of Portugal related or in connection with the 
Resolution of 3 August 2014, including the application and impacts of the Resolution Measure and the 
incorporation of the Issuer are being and may continue to be publicly and judicially challenged by several parties 
and creditors. These proceedings include also the challenges to the transfer of certain assets and liabilities to 
the Issuer as a result of the Resolution Measure and the decisions of the Bank of Portugal, as well as proceedings 
requesting the set-off of liabilities that were not transferred to the Issuer against credits transferred and held by 
the Issuer. Several judicial proceedings have been initiated against the Bank of Portugal, the Resolution Fund 
and/or the Issuer and it is likely that other similar proceedings will be submitted within the applicable legal time 
limits. 
Despite the fact that the Resolution Measure expressly determines that “any liabilities or contingencies related 
to the trading, financial intermediation and distribution of debt instruments issued by entities integrating Grupo 
Espírito Santo” have not been transferred to the Issuer and determines as well that a number of other liabilities 
and contingencies have not been transferred to it, there are several legal proceedings related with the placing, 
by BES, of debt instruments of Espírito Santo group entities (including, commercial paper) and preference 
shares issued by special purpose vehicles, which have been submitted by clients who are arguing that any such 
liability has been transferred to the Issuer. 
There are also cases outside of Portugal that are somehow connected with the non-recognition of the Resolution 
Measure and its effects and/or related decisions of the Bank of Portugal, such as legal proceedings brought 
against the Issuer related with the placement of debt instruments of Espírito Santo Group in Venezuela (where, 
notably, two proceedings with the nominal amount of US$37 million and US$335 million have been filed). 
Two proceedings were filled in the Superior Court of Venezuela in early 2016, by Banco de Desarrollo 
Económico y Social (“BANDES”) and by Fondo de Desarrollo Nacional (“FONDEN”), against the Issuer and 
BES regarding the subscription in 2014 by BANDES and FONDEN of debt instruments issued by Espírito 
Santo International (“ESI”) in the nominal amount of US$37 million and US$335 million, and total amounts 
claimed in March 2016 of US$871 million and US$96 million, respectively. These entities are claiming: (i) the 
nullity of the sale of the debt instruments and the payment by BES and the Issuer (jointly) of the amount of 
principal, together with costs, interests and inflation rate; or (ii) the payment by BES and the Issuer (on a joint 
basis) of such amounts as a result of the obligations assumed in the comfort letters allegedly issued by BES for 
the benefit of FONDEN and BANDES in June 2014. In both proceedings, and despite the opposition of the 
Issuer, the Superior Court of Venezuela has considered that the Venezuelan courts have jurisdiction to decide 
on these proceedings. In addition, the claimants have requested the Superior Court of Venezuela to apply a 
preliminary injunction over certain assets of BES and the Issuer. The Issuer has submitted its opposition in both 
proceedings on the basis that any liability that could have existed regarding the sale of debt instruments issued 
by Grupo Espírito Santo entities was not transferred to the Issuer in accordance with the Resolution Measure 
and the separation of assets and liabilities contained in such decision. 
There are still relevant litigation risks, notably regarding the various disputes relating to the US$835 million 
loan made by Oak Finance to BES, the placement of BES and Grupo Espírito Santo debt instruments directly 
and indirectly in BES retail clients and regarding the senior bond issues retransmitted to BES, as well as the

--- Page 147 ---
139 
risk of the non-recognition and/or non-implementation of the various decisions of Bank of Portugal by 
Portuguese or foreign courts (as it is the case of the courts in Spain where there are several unfavourable 
decisions) in disputes related to the perimeter of the assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under 
management transferred to the Issuer. 
Similar proceedings relating to the retransfer of senior bonds have also been filed against the Bank of Portugal. 
All of these proceedings are still pending or awaiting final decision (caso julgado). 
Indemnification Mechanism Relating to the Resolution Measure 
Pursuant to the indemnification mechanism established in connection with the Lone Star Sale (the 
“Indemnification Mechanism”), which was preceded by a similar mechanism established by decision of the 
national resolution authority in the Decisions of 29 December 2015, in accordance with the resolution 
framework, the Resolution Fund is responsible, upon the fulfilment of certain conditions (including, defending 
the legal proceedings with the diligence of a prudent defendant), for compensating the Issuer, at any time and 
with no limitation of amount, for losses arising from non-appealable judicial decisions in the Portuguese courts 
or any other courts on the validity, implementation, effectiveness or enforcement of the Resolution Measure in 
any jurisdiction, including, but not limited to, the perimeter of the assets, liabilities, off-balance-sheet items, 
and assets under management of the Issuer or holding the Issuer responsible for any liability of BES, thereby 
not respecting the Resolution Measure. While the Indemnification Mechanism may help mitigate economic 
risks arising from certain litigation relating to the Resolution Measure, there can be no assurance that it will be 
applied or, if applied, upheld. In addition, even if the Indemnification Mechanism is successfully applied, this 
may result in an adverse reputational impact on the Issuer and/or the Group or be highly disruptive to the Issuer 
and a significant distraction for management. 
Proceedings relating to the sale of the Issuer 
Following the conclusion of the Lone Star Sale, certain legal suits have been lodged, related to the conditions 
of the sale, notably the administrative action brought by Banco Comercial Português, S.A. (“BCP”) against the 
Resolution Fund, of which the Issuer is not a party, and according to the public disclosure made by BCP on the 
website of the CMVM on 1 September 2017, it requested the legal assessment of the contingent capitalisation 
obligation assumed by the Resolution Fund within the CCA. 
Other proceedings 
There are two pending proceedings regarding the sale of the shares of Tranquilidade by the Issuer in 
enforcement of a pledge agreement: 
(1) Lawsuit brought by Partran, SGPS, S.A., Massa Insolvente da Espírito Santo Financial Group, S.A. 
and Massa Insolvente da Espírito Santo Financial (Portugal), S.A. against the Issuer and Calm Eagle 
Holdings, S.A.R.L. through which it is intended that the pledge of the shares of Companhia de Seguros 
Tranquilidade, S.A. is declared invalid and, secondarily, that said pledge is annulled or declared 
ineffective; 
(2) Lawsuit brought by the Issuer challenging the cancellation decided in favour of the insolvent estate in 
respect of the creation and subsequent enforcement of the pledge on the shares of the company 
Companhia de Seguros Tranquilidade, S.A., declared by the insolvency administrator of Partran, 
SGPS, S.A. The Issuer considers that there are no grounds for the cancellation of these acts and the 
corresponding requests from the insolvency administrator for the payment of the amount received by 
way of price (€25,000,000.00, subject to positive adjustments set out in the agreement) on the sale of 
the shares of Companhia de Seguros Tranquilidade, S.A. The Issuer challenged judicially the 
cancellation, with this process running its course attached to the insolvency proceedings of Partran, 
SGPS, S.A.

--- Page 148 ---
140 
N. MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
As part of the conditions of the Lone Star Sale, the Resolution Fund and the Issuer entered into the CCA on 18 
October 2017. In light of the circumstances in which the CCA was concluded, it may be considered that the 
CCA has not been entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business. For further details on the CCA 
see “—Contingent Capital Agreement” above. 
O. SUPERVISION AND REGULATION 
The Issuer is subject to EU regulation, to the Portuguese Companies Code which comprises commercial laws 
applicable to joint-stock companies (sociedades anónimas) and, in particular, to the RGICSF, to the Portuguese 
Securities Code (“CVM”) and to other related legislation. Such regulations relate to, amongst others, liquidity, 
capital adequacy and permitted investments, ethical issues, money laundering, privacy, securities (including 
debt instruments) issuance and offering/placement, financial intermediation issues, record-keeping, marketing 
and selling practices.  
Membership in the EU subjects Portugal to compliance with European legislation which may either be in the 
form of regulations, which are directly enforceable in any EU Member State, or directives addressed to EU 
Member States, which may require the enactment of implementing legislation or which, as established by the 
European Court of Justice in several decisions, may be deemed to be directly enforceable in an EU Member 
State in the event that they are clear, precise and unconditional. In addition, the EC and the Council of Ministers 
issue non-binding recommendations to EU Member States. The Portuguese authorities have introduced EU 
directives and recommendations into legislation to adapt Portuguese laws to European regulatory standards. 
Generally, the Issuer’s activity is under the supervision of the ECB and of the Bank of Portugal, as a credit 
institution, of the CMVM, as an issuer and as a financial intermediary, and the Portuguese Insurance and 
Pension Funds Supervisory Authority (Autoridade de Supervisão de Seguros e Fundos de Pensões (ASF)), as 
an insurance agent. 
European Central Bank 
In order to ensure financial stability and lay foundations for sustained economic growth, the EU Member States 
have created a banking union. This union provides that, from November 2014 onwards, the ECB becomes 
responsible for the prudential supervision of the credit institutions considered significant which operate in the 
EU (the “SSM”). Behavioural supervision of these credit institutions shall remain with their respective national 
regulators. Credit institutions from EU countries outside of the euro area may elect to be supervised by the 
ECB, under the banking union, having to ensure that their national regulator cooperates closely with the ECB. 
Single Supervisory Mechanism  
Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 established the SSM for euro area banks and other 
credit institutions. The SSM maintains an important distinction between significant and non- significant entities, 
which are subject to different supervisory regimes. The ECB carries out the prudential supervision of significant 
entities and the Issuer has been included in the list of significant supervised entities published by the ECB on 4 
September 2014 and as last updated on 1 January 2022 (as of 1 March 2020). As a result, the ECB has been 
granted certain supervisory powers as from 4 November 2014, which include: 
• 
the authority to grant and revoke authorisations regarding credit institutions; 
• 
with respect to credit institutions incorporated in a participating Member State establishing a branch or 
providing cross border services in Member States that are not part of the euro area, to carry out the tasks 
of the competent authority of the home Member State;

--- Page 149 ---
141 
• 
the power to assess notifications regarding the acquisition and disposal of qualifying holdings in credit 
institutions; 
• 
the power to ensure compliance with requirements relating to own funds, securitisation, large exposure 
limits, liquidity, leverage, as well as reporting and public disclosure of information on those matters; 
• 
the power to ensure compliance with respect to corporate governance, including fit and proper 
requirements for the persons responsible for the management of credit institutions, risk management 
processes, internal control mechanisms, remuneration policies and practices and effective internal capital 
adequacy assessment processes (including internal ratings-based models); 
• 
the power to carry out supervisory reviews, including, where appropriate and in coordination with the 
EBA, stress tests, which may lead to the imposition of specific additional own funds requirements, 
specific publication requirements, specific liquidity requirements and other measures; 
• 
the power to supervise credit institutions on a consolidated group basis, extending supervision over 
parent entities established in one of the Member States; and 
• 
the power to carry out supervisory tasks in relation to recovery plans, provide early intervention where 
a credit institution or group does not meet or is likely to breach the applicable prudential requirements 
and, only in the cases explicitly permitted under law, implement structural changes to prevent financial 
stress or failure, excluding any resolution powers. 
The SSM framework Regulation (EU) No 468/2014 of the ECB of 16 April 2014 sets out the framework for 
cooperation within the SSM between the ECB and the relevant national authorities, while Regulation (EU) No 
1163/2014 of the ECB of 22 October 2014, as amended, lays down the calculation methodology and the 
collection procedure regarding the annual supervisory fees which are born by the supervised credit institutions. 
The ECB directly supervises significant banks, including the Issuer, whereas each national competent authority 
(“NCA”, as is the case of the Bank of Portugal in Portugal) is in charge of supervising other banks within its 
jurisdiction. The ECB has the right to impose pecuniary sanctions and set binding regulatory standards. Notably, 
the relevant entities are subject to continuous evaluation of their capital adequacy by the SSM and can be 
requested to operate with higher than minimum regulatory capital and/or liquidity ratios. 
As regards the monitoring of financial institutions, the NCAs, in addition to supporting the ECB in day-to-day 
supervision of significant banks and supervising directly other banks, is responsible for supervisory matters not 
conferred on the ECB, such as consumer protection, money laundering, payment services, and branches of third 
country banks. The ECB, on the other hand, is exclusively responsible for prudential supervision of credit 
institutions with the abovementioned supervisory powers. 
In order to foster consistency and efficiency of supervisory practices across the euro area, the EBA is continuing 
to develop the EBA rulebook, a single supervisory set of rules applicable to the euro area Member States (the 
“EBA Rulebook”). 
CRD IV (as defined below) contains specific mandates for the EBA to develop draft regulatory or implementing 
technical standards as well as guidelines and reports, in order to enhance regulatory harmonisation in Europe 
through the EBA Rulebook. A series of regulations concerning regulatory or implementing technical standards 
have been published. 
Single Resolution Mechanism  
The EC established the Single Resolution Mechanism through Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014, which came into effect on 1 January 2016 and establishes 
uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in

--- Page 150 ---
142 
the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund. Amendments to the Regulation 
(EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 entered into force in the 
course of June following the adoption on 14 May 2019 of a comprehensive legislative package to reduce risks 
in the banking sector and further reinforce banks' ability to withstand potential shocks, by the European Council 
(although most of the new rules will start applying in mid-2021). The Single Resolution Mechanism is 
responsible for coordinating the application of resolution tools within the euro area and, from 1 January 2016, 
is responsible for the resolution of credit institutions, which shall be funded through the Single Resolution Fund 
and not by any national resolution fund, such as the Resolution Fund. However, in Portugal the Resolution Fund 
will remain responsible for funding decisions, taken by the Bank of Portugal as the national resolution authority, 
that occurred until 31 December 2015, including those relating to the Resolution Measure applied to BES and 
the resolutions regarding Banif – Banco Internacional do Funchal, S.A., as well as for funding resolution 
decisions of certain financial institutions that fall outside the scope of the Single Resolution Fund. 
The Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/2361 of 14 September 2017 further establishes the final 
system of contributions to the administrative expenditures of the Single Resolution and the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/747 of 17 December 2015 establishes the criteria relating to the calculation 
of contributions (ex ante and ex post contributions). 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
The Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014, as amended, 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the 
“BRRD”) was transposed into Portuguese law by Law no. 23-A/2015, of 26 March 2015, as amended, and Law 
no. 66/2015, of 6 July 2015. BRDD was amended by Directive (EU) 2017/1132 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended, and by Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 12 December 2017, which was transposed into Portuguese law by Law no. 23/2019, of 
13 March 2019. Amendments to the BRRD entered into force in the course of June following the adoption on 
14 May 2019 of a comprehensive legislative package to reduce risks in the banking sector and further reinforce 
banks' ability to withstand potential shocks, by the European Council (although most of the new rules will start 
applying in mid-2021). 
The provisions of the BRRD aim to harmonise the resolution procedures of, among other things, credit 
institutions of EU Member States and provide the authorities of such Member States with tools that aim to 
prevent insolvency or, when insolvency occurs, to mitigate its adverse effects, by maintaining the systemically 
key functions of said institutions. 
The BRRD, implemented into Portuguese law through Law no. 23-A/2015, of 26 March 2015, as amended, and 
Law no. 66/2015, of 6 July 2015, provides among others for the following: 
(i) Preparation and planning stage: Preparation for adopting measures of recovery and resolution, including 
(a) drawing up and submitting recovery plans by credit institutions to the Competent Authority for 
evaluation, which shall provide for the measures to be taken for restoring their financial position following 
a significant deterioration of their financial position and (b) drawing up of a resolution plan for each credit 
institution or group; 
(ii) Early intervention stage: If an institution breaches the applicable legal requirements governing its activity 
or is likely to breach them in the near future, the competent authority is conferred with the power to: 
(a) require that the board of directors of the credit institution draws up an action plan, with a specific 
timeline;

--- Page 151 ---
143 
(b) require that the chair of the general meeting of the credit institution convenes a general meeting of its 
shareholders or, in case the chair of the general meeting does not comply, promptly convene itself a 
general meeting of the shareholders of the credit institution; 
(c) require that one or more members of the board of directors or the supervisory board be removed or 
replaced if they are considered unsuitable in light of the applicable provisions to perform their duties; 
(d) require that the credit institution draws up and submits for consultation a plan for debt restructuring 
with its creditors according to the recovery plan; 
(e) require changes in the legal or business structures of the credit institutions; and 
(f) collect (including through on-site inspections) all necessary information for the update of the 
resolution plan and the preparation of the potential resolution of the credit institution and the valuation 
of its assets and liabilities for the resolution purposes. 
In case of significant deterioration of the financial condition of an institution due to significant 
infringements of the law, regulatory acts or the constitutional documents of the institution or in case the 
competent authority believes that significant administrative irregularities have taken place, that the current 
shareholders and board of directors of the institution are unable to ensure its prudent management or its 
financial recovery or that there are other reasons to suspect of irregularities that put into serious risk the 
interests of depositors and creditors, and provided that the above early intervention measures listed above 
in subparagraph (ii) are not sufficient to reverse the deterioration of the institution, the competent authority 
may require the removal of the board of directors of the institution. When the competent authority 
considers the removal of the management body as insufficient for addressing any of the above-mentioned 
situations, one or more temporary directors may be appointed to the institution. 
(iii) Resolution measures: The resolution authority shall take action only if it considers that all of the following 
conditions are met: 
(a) The competent authority or the resolution authority considers that the institution is failing or is likely 
to fail; 
(b) having regard to timing and other relevant circumstances, no alternative private sector measures or 
supervisory action, including early intervention measures or the exercise of the powers to write-down 
or convert own funds instruments, would prevent the failure of the institution within a reasonable 
timeframe; 
(c) a resolution action is necessary for public interest reasons, as it is required for the achievement of and 
is proportionate to one or more of the resolution objectives established by law; and 
(d) winding up the institution under normal insolvency proceedings would not meet those resolution 
objectives more effectively. 
The resolution measures that may be implemented by the resolution authority, either individually or in 
conjunction, are the following: 
(i) Sale of business tool: transfer to a purchaser, by virtue of a decision of the resolution authority, of shares 
or other instruments of ownership or of some or all of the rights and obligations, corresponding to assets, 
liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under management, of the institution under resolution, without 
the consent of the shareholders of the institution under resolution or of any third party other than the 
acquirer.

--- Page 152 ---
144 
(ii) Bridge institution tool: establishment of a bridge institution by the resolution authority, to which shares 
or other instruments of ownership or some or all of the rights and obligations, corresponding to assets, 
liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under management, of the institution under resolution are 
transferred without the consent of the shareholders of the institution under resolution or of any third party. 
(iii) Asset separation tool (to be used only in conjunction with another resolution measure): transfer, by 
virtue of a decision of the resolution authority, of rights and obligations, corresponding to assets, liabilities, 
off-balance sheet items and assets under management, of an institution under resolution or of a bridge 
institution to one or more asset management vehicles, without the consent of the shareholders of the 
institutions under resolution or of any third party other than the bridge institution. The asset management 
vehicles are legal persons wholly or partially owned by the relevant resolution fund. 
(iv) Bail-in tool: write-down or conversion by the resolution authority of any obligations of an institution under 
resolution, except for the following obligations, as defined under the applicable law: 
(a) covered deposits; 
(b) secured obligations; 
(c) obligations arising from holding of clients’ assets or money; 
(d) obligations to credit institutions and investment firms, excluding the members of the group, with an 
original maturity of less than seven days; 
(e) obligations with a remaining maturity of less than seven days towards payment and securities 
settlement systems, to its administrators or to its participants, arising from the participation in said 
systems; 
(f) obligations towards (i) employees, except for the variable component of their remuneration which is 
not regulated by a collective agreement, (ii) commercial or trade creditors, connected to the provision 
of goods and services to the institution which are critical for its daily operation, (iii) tax authorities and 
social security authorities, provided that these obligations are privileged according to the applicable 
law, and (iv) deposit guarantee schemes arising from contributions due to those schemes; and 
(g) obligations towards a beneficiary in the context of a fiduciary relationship, provided that such 
beneficiary is protected under the application insolvency or civil law. 
In exceptional circumstances, when the bail-in tool is implemented, the resolution authority may exclude or 
partially exclude certain liabilities from the application of the write-down or conversion powers. This exception 
shall apply in case it is strictly necessary and proportionate and shall fall under the specific requirements 
provided by law. 
Further to the above resolution measures, the resolution authority shall exercise the write-down or conversion 
powers in respect of own funds instruments of the institution, either independently from the resolution measures 
implemented by the resolution authority or in combination with those resolution measures, under the 
circumstances provided under the applicable law, when for example it is established that the conditions for 
resolution are met or when the resolution authority establishes that if said power is not exercised, the institution 
will cease to be viable. 
The application of the resolution measures shall ensure that the shareholders of the institution bear losses first, 
followed by creditors of the institution in accordance with the order of priority of their claims under normal 
insolvency proceedings. Additionally, creditors of the same class should be treated in an equitable manner and 
covered deposits should be fully protected. In any case, no creditor should incur greater losses than it would

--- Page 153 ---
145 
have incurred if the institution had been wound up under normal insolvency proceedings in accordance with 
the “no creditor worse off” principle. 
To ensure the effective application of the resolution tools, the resolution authority may use financing 
arrangements, notably for the following purposes: 
(i) 
to guarantee the assets or the liabilities of the institution under resolution, its subsidiaries, a bridge 
institution or an asset management vehicle; 
(ii) 
to grant loans to the institution under resolution, its subsidiaries, a bridge institution or an asset 
management vehicle; 
(iii) 
to purchase assets of the institution under resolution; 
(iv) 
to make contributions to a bridge institution and an asset management vehicle; 
(v) 
to pay compensation to shareholders, creditors of the institution under resolution or the Deposit 
Guarantee Fund; and 
(vi) 
to contribute to the institution under resolution in lieu of the write down or conversion of liabilities of 
certain creditors, when the bail-in tool is applied and the resolution authority decides to exclude certain 
creditors from the scope of bail-in. 
In addition to the resolution tools (such as the general bail-in tool), the BRRD provides for resolution authorities 
to have the further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity capital instruments at the point of 
non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken (“non-viability loss absorption”).  
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability under 
the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets the conditions 
for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant authority or authorities, as the 
case may be, determine(s) that the relevant entity or its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital 
instruments are written-down or converted or (iii) extraordinary public financial support is required by the 
relevant entity or its group other than, where the relevant entity is an institution, for the purposes of remedying 
a serious disturbance in the economy of a Member State of the EEA and to preserve financial stability. 
On 3 September 2016, the EC adopted Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450, of 23 March 2016, 
supplementing the BRRD regulatory technical standards, which entered into force on 23 September 2016, 
specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the MREL. This required that institutions meet 
the MREL to avoid excessive reliance of forms of funding that are excluded from bail-in or other resolution 
measures and prevent the risk of contagion to other institutions and “bank run” situations, since failure to meet 
the MREL would negatively impact the institutions’ loss absorption and recapitalisation capacity and the overall 
effectiveness of the resolution. 
Non-exhaustive summary of recent regulatory developments following the Covid-19 pandemic 
Following the Covid-19 outbreak, the ECB announced, on 12 March 2020, a first set of measures to ensure that 
its directly supervised banks can continue to fulfil their role in funding the real economy as the economic effects 
of Covid-19 become apparent. 
The ECB also clarified that capital buffers may be used in full and that no negative judgment will be attached 
to those making use of these relief measures. Once this period of financial distress is over banks will be granted 
sufficient time to build up the buffers again.

--- Page 154 ---
146 
Banks will also be allowed to partially use capital instruments that do not qualify as CET1 capital, for example 
Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments, to meet the P2R. This brings forward a measure that was initially 
scheduled to come into effect in January 2021, as part of the latest revision of the CRD V.  
In addition, the ECB has taken individual measures, such as adjusting timetables, processes and deadlines (e.g. 
rescheduling on-site inspections and extending deadlines for the implementation of remediation actions 
stemming from recent on-site inspections and internal model investigations; extending deadlines for certain 
non-critical supervisory measures and data requests). The Bank of Portugal clarified some of these measures 
through Carta Circular 2020/00000017 and 2020/00000021.  
The ECB has supported the decision by the EBA to postpone the 2020 EBA EU-wide stress test.  
Banks are expected not to increase dividend distributions or variable remuneration. 
On 16 April 2020, the ECB Banking Supervision provided temporary relief for capital requirements for market 
risk by allowing banks to adjust the supervisory component of these requirements.  
On 20 March 2020, the ECB announced a new statement, providing additional flexibility to banks. This 
statement was also accompanied by a more comprehensive FAQ page.  
The measures announced on 20 March 2020 include: 
• 
introduction of supervisory flexibility regarding the treatment of non-performing loans, in particular 
to allow banks to fully benefit from guarantees and moratoria put in place by public authorities to 
tackle the current distress;  
• 
ECB recommends that all banks avoid procyclical assumptions in their models to determine credit 
impairments; and 
• 
for the banks, that have not done this so far, opt for the implementation of IFRS 9 transitional 
arrangements. 
On 28 April 2020, the EC adopted a banking package to help mitigate the economic impact of the Covid-19 
pandemic. The banking package includes several measures, summarised below: 
• 
CRR:  
In this regard, the following set of amendments to the CRR have been proposed:  
(i) transitional arrangements for mitigating the impact of IFRS 9 provisions on regulatory capital, namely 
the extension of the current transitional arrangements in the CRR by two years, in line with the 
international agreement of the Basel Committee. Only provisions incurred as of 1 January 2020 would 
be eligible;  
(ii) date of application of the leverage ratio buffer for G-SIIs is proposed to be deferred by one year to 1 
January 2023; and  
(iii) more favourable treatment of publicly guaranteed loans under the NPL prudential backstop, notably by 
temporarily extending preferential treatment to NPLs guaranteed by the public sector in the context of 
measures aimed at mitigating the economic impact of the Covid-19 pandemic in accordance with EU 
State aid rules.  
• 
IFRS 9: 
The banking package also includes an Interpretative Communication on the EU’s accounting and prudential 
frameworks which has clarified:

--- Page 155 ---
147 
(i) the flexibility available in IFRS 9 in regards to (i) the Expected Credit Loss (“ECL”) approach under 
IFRS 9; (ii) the assessment of a “Significant Increase in Credit Risk” (“SICR”); and (iii) the use of 
moratoria and SICR;  
(ii) that individual or corporate loans that benefit from moratoria should not automatically be considered 
to have suffered a SICR if they have become subject to private or public moratoria. As such, if they 
fulfil a number of conditions (as specified in the EBA guidelines of 2 April 2020 on payment moratoria, 
EBA/GL/2020/02) they are not considered as forbearance measures and therefore do not affect the 
classification of the loans concerned; and  
(iii) how the prudential rules on the classification of NPLs (definition of default and loan forbearance under 
the CRR) can accommodate government guarantees and payment moratoria in line with the statements 
and guidance by the EBA and the ECB.  
• 
Other measures: 
The banking package also envisages the following measures:  
(i) advancing the date of application of the revised supporting factor for SME and the new supporting 
factor for infrastructure finance, the preferential treatment of certain software assets, and the 
preferential treatment of certain loans backed by pensions or salaries; and  
(ii) a proposal for the modification of the offsetting mechanism associated with competent authorities’ 
discretion to allow credit institutions to temporarily exclude exposures in the form of central bank 
reserves from the calculation of the leverage ratio. 
Bank of Portugal 
The Bank of Portugal is part of the European system of Central Banks (“ESCB”), which was created in 
connection with the EMU. The EMU implements a single monetary policy, the main features of which are a 
single currency – the euro – and the creation of the ECB and the ESCB. According to the EU Treaty, the primary 
objective of the ESCB is to maintain price stability through monetary policy. 
The Bank of Portugal is committed to providing for the stability of the domestic financial system and performs 
for this purpose the function of lender of last resort (as set forth in Law 5/98, 31 January 1998, as amended). 
This goal is achieved through the supervision of credit institutions, financial companies and other entities 
subject to the supervision of the Bank of Portugal, as mentioned below. 
According to the RGICSF, and subject to the powers conferred upon the ECB in the context of the SSM and to 
the cooperation between the ECB and the Bank of Portugal where applicable, the Bank of Portugal authorises 
the establishment of credit institutions and financial companies based on technical-prudential criteria, monitors 
the activity of the institutions under its supervision and their compliance with the rules governing their activities, 
issues recommendations for the correction of any deviations from such rules, sanctions breaches should they 
occur and possesses the ability to take extraordinary measures of reorganisation.  
The Bank of Portugal has established and/or is responsible for supervising and monitoring, subject to the powers 
conferred upon the ECB in the context of the SSM and to the cooperation between the ECB and the Bank of 
Portugal where applicable, rules governing solvency ratios, reserve requirements, control of major risks and 
provisions for specific and general credit risks. Subject to the same terms, it monitors compliance with these 
rules through periodic inspections, review of regularly filed financial statements and reports, and continuing 
assessment of adherence to current legislation. 
The Bank of Portugal is also charged with the duty to regulate, oversee and promote the smooth operation of 
payment systems within the scope of its participation in the ESCB.

--- Page 156 ---
148 
Capital and capital ratios 
In the wake of the financial crisis and due to insufficiencies in existing regulatory capital structures, as well as 
the lack of adequate capital reserves in systemically important financial institutions, the issue of capital 
requirements has been subject to numerous national and international initiatives. In December 2010, the Basel 
Committee published two recommendations to reform the global regulatory framework applicable to credit 
institutions (“Basel III: A global regulatory framework for more resilient credit institutions and banking 
systems”, and “Basel III: International framework for liquidity risk measurement, standards and monitoring”, 
both of which have been subsequently updated). These recommendations, known as “Basel III”, revised certain 
aspects of the recommendations contained in Basel II which introduced new rules on capital and liquidity. In 
the EU, these recommendations were implemented through new banking regulations adopted on 26 June 2013:  
(a) Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the European Council, as amended, on access to 
the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms 
(the “CRD IV Directive”), which has been transposed into Portuguese law by Decree-Law No 157/2014 
of 24 October 2014, and 
(b) Regulation (EU) no 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council, as amended, on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the “CRD IV Regulation” or “CRR” and, 
together with the CRD IV Directive, “CRD IV”), which is legally binding and directly applicable in all 
EU Member States. Implementation began on 1 January 2014, while particular elements being phased in 
over a period of time, to be fully effective by 2024. 
On 23 November 2016, the EC presented legislative proposals for amendments to the CRR, the CRD IV 
Directive, the BRRD and the Single Resolution Mechanism (collectively, the “Reforms”). After the European 
Parliament confirmed its position on the Reforms, the European Parliament and Council of the EU reached 
agreement on the main elements of the Reforms. The agreed text was endorsed on 16 April 2019 by the 
European Parliament and sets out a comprehensive set of reforms to strengthen further resilience and 
resolvability of EU banks.  
On 14 May 2019, the European Council announced that it had adopted the Reforms. The Reforms were 
published in the Official Journal in the course of June and entered into force, although most of the new rules 
will start applying in mid-2021. As per the European Council’s press release, the Reforms include the following 
key measures: 
• 
a leverage ratio requirement for all institutions as well as a leverage ratio buffer for all global 
systemically important institutions; 
• 
a net stable funding requirement; 
• 
a new market risk framework for reporting purposes, including measures reducing reporting and 
disclosure requirements and simplifying market risk and liquidity rules for small non-complex banks in 
order to ensure a proportionate framework for all banks within the EU; 
• 
a requirement for third-country institutions with significant activities in the EU to have an EU 
intermediate parent undertaking; 
• 
a new total loss absorbing capacity (“TLAC”) requirement for global systemically important 
institutions; 
• 
enhanced MREL subordination rules for global systemically important institutions (G-SIIs) and other 
large banks; and 
• 
a new moratorium power for the resolution authority.

--- Page 157 ---
149 
In addition, on 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee and the Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads 
of Supervision presented reforms to the Basel III regulatory framework also known as “Basel IV”. The final 
Basel III reforms include several policy and supervisory measures that aim to enhance the reliability and 
comparability of risk-weighted capital ratios and to reduce the potential for undue variation in capital 
requirements for banks across the globe. The measures comprise revisions to the standardised approach for 
credit risk, internal ratings-based approaches for credit risk, the credit valuation adjustment risk framework, the 
operational risk framework, the leverage ratio framework and a revised output floor. The proposals contained 
in the Basel III reforms are intended to be applied from 2022 with a transitional period for the output floor until 
2027, although these timelines remain unclear until such rules are implemented into draft European and 
Portuguese legislation. 
The Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 (regarding 
the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy), which amended BRDD, was implemented 
in Portugal through Law no. 23/2019, of 13 March 2019 creating a new asset class of “non-preferred” senior 
debt that ranks in insolvency above own-funds instruments and subordinated liabilities that do not qualify as 
own funds, but below other senior liabilities. Further, it confers a preferential claim to generally all deposit vis-
à-vis senior debt.  
Capital Requirements  
CRD IV amended existing regulatory capital items which are divided as described below, subject to certain 
further deductions as described in CRD IV: 
• 
CET1: This category includes share capital, share premiums, eligible reserves and the net profit for the 
year retained when certified and non-controlling interests adjusted in proportion to the risk of entities 
that give rise to them; goodwill, intangible assets, negative actuarial deviations arising from liabilities 
related to post-employment benefits to employees and, when applicable, the negative results for the year 
are also deductible; 
• 
Additional Tier 1 (“AT1”, together with CET1 items, “Tier 1”): This category includes certain preferred 
shares and hybrid capital instruments; 
• 
Tier 2 (“Tier 2”): essentially incorporates subordinated eligible debt; and 
• 
Total Own Funds is Tier 1 and Tier 2 (“Total Own Funds”). 
Subject to any applicable transitional periods, the CRD IV general Total Own Funds requirement is 8 per cent. 
of the total risk-weighted assets, while at least 6 per cent. and 4.5 per cent. of the minimum Total Own Funds 
shall be composed by Tier 1 and CET1, respectively. Accordingly, the maximum eligible capital that can be 
covered through Tier 2 instruments is 2 per cent. The above may be subject to additional capital requirements 
as a result of the SREP and is subject to capital conservation and other buffers, as indicated below and which, 
where applicable, need to be covered by CET1 amounts. 
Regulatory Notice (“Aviso”) 6/2013 issued by the Bank of Portugal regulated the transition provided in CRD 
IV and had determined a minimum CET1 ratio of 7.0 per cent., calculated under the transitional periods 
requirements, to be complied with from 1 January 2014 onwards. Regulatory Notice (“Aviso”) 6/2013 has since 
been revoked and replaced by the Regulatory Notice (“Aviso”) 10/2017 issued by the Bank of Portugal that 
entered into force in 1 January 2018 and which regulates the exercise of a range of options available within the 
prudential framework established by the CRD IV Regulation and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/61 of 10 October 2014 following the publication of Guideline (EU) 2017/697 (ECB/2017/9) of 4 April 
2017 and Recommendation ECB/2017/10 of 4 April 2017, both of the ECB.

--- Page 158 ---
150 
CRD IV required credit institutions to hold additional CET1 capital buffers as fixed by the relevant supervisory 
authorities: 
• 
A “conservation buffer” of 2.5 per cent. In case of non-compliance, the regulator will impose the 
constraints on dividends distribution and executive bonuses inversely proportional to the level of the 
actual CET1 ratio; 
• 
A “countercyclical capital buffer” which varies by jurisdiction. The buffer is being phased in and, when 
fully phased-in, is expected to range between 0 per cent. and 2.5 per cent. depending on macroeconomic 
factors. In Portugal, at its most recent revision, pursuant to the decision of the Bank of Portugal of 23 
March 2021, the countercyclical buffer rate is at 0.00 per cent. of the total risk exposure amount, with 
effect from 1 April 2021; 
• 
A “systemic risk buffer” of at least 1 per cent. set at the discretion of national authorities of EU Member 
States to be applied to institutions at consolidated or individual level, or even at the level of exposures 
in certain countries at which a banking group operates. Currently no systemic risk buffer has been set by 
the Bank of Portugal; 
• 
Additional buffers are applied to O-SIIs. For global systemically important institutions, the additional 
buffer ranges between 1 per cent. and 3.5 per cent., whereas for O-SIIs it could reach 2 per cent. The 
Bank of Portugal, through Regulatory Notice 4/2015 on 29 December 2015, regulated the disclosure of 
the identification of O-SIIs in Portugal and of the common equity tier 1 buffer applicable to each 
identified O-SII. In the case of the Issuer, through the holding company LSF Nani Investments S.à r.l., 
the applicable buffer for O-SIIs shall be 0.375 per cent. from 1 January 2021 until 31 December 2021, 
0.5 per cent. from 1 January 2022 until 31 December 2022 and 0.5 per cent. from 1 January 2023 
onwards; 
• 
According to Council Regulation (EU) no. 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 and based on the SREP 
conducted pursuant to Article 4(1)(f) of Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013 with reference date 31 
December 2015, the ECB communicated to the Issuer on 2 February 2022 that the Group should comply 
with an own funds requirement of 3 per cent. to be held in the form of 56.25 per cent. of CET1 capital 
and 75 per cent. of Tier 1 capital, as a minimum; and  
• 
The Issuer is also expected by the ECB to comply with a Pillar 2 capital guidance of 1.5 per cent. which 
should be comprised entirely of CET1 capital and held over and above the overall capital requirements.  
As at 30 June 2022, the Issuer’s CET1 ratio was 11.8 per cent. (phased in) and 11.2 per cent. (fully loaded). As 
at 31 December 2021, the Issuer’s CET1 ratio was 11.1 per cent. (phased in) and 10.1 per cent. (fully loaded). 
Local capital requirements  
In addition, members of the Group, which are subject to local supervision in their respective countries of 
incorporation may, on an individual and on a consolidated basis, be required to comply with applicable local 
Regulatory Capital Requirements. It is therefore possible that individual entities within the Group or sub-groups 
require additional own funds, even though the own funds of the Group on a consolidated basis are sufficient. 
Leverage ratios  
With respect to leverage requirements, CRD IV also introduced a leverage ratio aimed at monitoring possible 
under-estimations of risk-weighted assets and avoiding excess leverage through a simple calculation. This ratio 
is calculated by dividing the total Tier 1 capital by the total exposure measure of all assets and off-balance sheet 
items not deducted when determining the Tier 1 capital, and shall be expressed as a percentage, as defined in 
CRD IV. Stricter requirements may be demanded only from G-SIIs.

--- Page 159 ---
151 
Following the adoption of the Reforms on 14 May 2019 by the European Council, a minimum of 3 per cent. 
Tier 1 leverage ratio for all CRR firms in the EU should be endorsed. The Reforms have entered into force in 
the course of June 2019, although most of the new rules will start applying in mid-2021. 
Risk weighted assets  
RWAs is a metric used to reflect components of risk in an asset, including credit, market and operational risk. 
RWAs are used to calculate key capital adequacy ratios, including CET1 ratio and Tier 1 Ratio. Under CRD 
IV, credit institutions in Portugal may calculate the risk weighting of their assets, insofar as credit risk is 
concerned, according to a standard-based approach or based on their own internal risk-management models, in 
the latter case subject to authorisation by the banking supervisor. However, in March 2016, the Basel Committee 
proposed standards to prohibit credit institutions from using internal risk management models to calculate credit 
risk with respect to, amongst others, large corporations, requiring, instead, the use of the standard-based 
approach. 
Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process 
In December 2014, the EBA published its final guidelines on the procedures and methodologies that will form 
its SREP assessments. The Issuer is subject to an annual SREP assessment by the SSM to determine the 
adequacy of its capital, to identify risks that are not covered by its own funds requirements and to identify the 
need for Pillar 2 capital requirements. The SREP assessments include capital assessment, business model 
analysis, assessment of internal governance and control, liquidity assessment and broader stress testing. The 
purpose of these SREP assessments is to evaluate whether institutions have adequate arrangements, strategies, 
processes and mechanisms as well as capital and liquidity to ensure a sound management and coverage of risks, 
to which they are or might be exposed, including those revealed by stress testing. Where the results of a SREP 
assessment identify areas of risks which are not adequately covered by the Pillar 1 capital requirements or the 
combined buffer requirement, competent authorities can determine the appropriate level of the institution's own 
funds requirement under CRD IV and assess whether additional own funds shall be required. 
Liquidity Requirements  
With respect to liquidity requirements, there is in place a provision for near term liquidity and from June 2021 
is in place a medium/long term financing requirements referred to as the LCR and NSFR respectively. 
The LCR seeks to ensure that institutions maintain levels of liquidity buffers which are adequate to face possible 
imbalances between liquidity inflows and outflows under gravely stressed conditions, and does so by defining 
an amount of unencumbered, high quality liquid assets that must be held by a credit institution to offset 
estimated net cash outflows over a 30 day stress scenario. The liquidity coverage requirement is 100 per cent. 
In relation to the liquidity coverage requirement, the EU regulation: 
• 
Defined assets as “extremely high” and of “high” quality; 
• 
Put in place operational requirements for the holdings of liquid assets; 
• 
Defined that all types of bonds issued or guaranteed by Member States’ central governments and central 
banks in local currency as well as those issued or guaranteed by supranational institutions should be 
considered transferrable extremely high quality assets; 
• 
Stated that the credit quality standards and eligibility of covered bonds, bonds, RMBS and bonds issued 
by local government entities should be considered highly liquid and credit quality assets; and 
• 
Defined that common equity shares that form part of a major stock index should be considered high 
quality liquid assets.

--- Page 160 ---
152 
As at 30 June 2022 and 30 December 2021, the Group had an LCR of 186 per cent. and 182 per cent., 
respectively (140 per cent. as at 31 December 2020). 
As for the NSFR as at 30 June 2022 and 31 December 2021 the Issuer reported a Net Stable Funding ratio of 
106 per cent. and 117 per cent. respectively. 
Large Exposures  
As per the CRD IV Regulation and the Bank of Portugal Notice (“Aviso”) no. 10/2017, a credit institution shall 
not have exposure to a customer or group of connected customers exceeding 25 per cent. of its Tier 1. In terms 
of the exposure to the economic group on which a credit institution is incorporated, this limit is not applicable 
to the exposure assumed by an institution to entities included within the scope of the supervision of the Bank 
of Portugal on a consolidated basis and which all have their head offices located in Portugal. Under prior 
authorisation of the Bank of Portugal, this exemption may be extended to other entities that have the same 
characteristics as those described above but whose head office is located in a third country - but this third country 
with equivalent standards in force. 
Similarly, the CRR, as amended, permits the exemption limit of 25 per cent. of a credit institution’s Tier 1 for 
exposures to certain assets, including asset items constituting claims on central governments, central banks, 
public sector entities, organisations or multilateral development banks which, unsecured, would be assigned a 
0 per cent. risk weight. 
Minimum Reserve Requirements 
Credit institutions are required to maintain mandatory deposits with national central banks in order to comply 
with minimum reserve requirements. According to the ECB Regulation (EC) no. 1358/2011, of 14 December 
2011 (ECB/2003/9) that changes the ECB Regulation (EC) no. 1745/2003, of 12 September 2003 
(ECB/2003/9), minimum cash requirements kept as deposits with the Bank of Portugal earn interest and 
correspond to 1 per cent. of deposits and issued debt certificates with a maturity of less than two years, excluding 
responsibilities towards the ECB, national central banks and other institutions subject to minimum cash reserves 
requirements as further set out in Regulation (EU) 2016/1705 of the ECB of 9 September 2016. 
The failure of a bank to maintain adequate liquidity may result in (i) an increase in the cash amount required 
(of up to three times the original amount) or (ii) payment of interest over the amount of deposits not made up 
to double the rediscount rate or up to five percentage points over the market rate. 
Deposit Guarantee Fund 
The Deposit Guarantee Fund was established in 1992 and started operating in December 1994 and has 
administrative and financial autonomy. Credit institutions with head offices in Portugal that accept deposits 
must participate in this fund. The financial resources of the Deposit Guarantee Fund are mainly composed of 
initial contributions from the Bank of Portugal and participating credit institutions and, thereafter, periodic 
contributions from the participating credit institutions. 
On 16 April 2014, the European Parliament and the Council adopted Directive 2014/49/EU, as amended from 
time to time providing for the establishment of deposit guarantee schemes and the harmonisation of such deposit 
guarantee systems throughout the EU (the “recast DGSD”), which was implemented into Portugal through 
Law no. 23-A/2015, of 26 March, as amended, that amended the RGICSF. 
When a credit institution is unable to comply with its commitments, the Deposit Guarantee Fund guarantees the 
repayment to depositors of up to €100,000 per depositor, subject to certain statutory exceptions, as mentioned 
below. The deposits made on Portuguese territory are guaranteed regardless of the currency in which they are 
denominated, and whether the depositor is resident or non-resident in Portugal. However, some deposits are 
excluded from the deposit guarantee scheme, such as those made by credit institutions, financial companies,

--- Page 161 ---
153 
insurance companies, investment funds, pension funds, pension fund management companies, and central or 
local administration bodies, among others, in their own name and for their own account, with exception of those 
made by (i) pension funds whose associates are small and medium enterprises and (ii) local authorities with an 
annual budget equal to or less than €500,000. 
Also excluded from the guarantee scheme are certain deposits relating to anti-money laundering criminal 
convictions or where its holder has not been properly identified in accordance with the anti-money laundering 
and prevention of terrorism law. Finally, deposits of persons and entities that, in the two years before the date 
on which deposits become unavailable, or a resolution has been adopted, held, directly or indirectly, 2 per cent. 
or more of the share capital of the credit institution or have been members of its corporate bodies are also 
excluded, unless it is clearly established that they did not cause the financial difficulties of the credit institution, 
through act or omission, and did not contribute through act or omission to the worsening of the situation. 
The annual contributions to the Deposit Guarantee Fund are calculated according to the monthly average of the 
deposits balance accepted in the previous year. An annual contributions rate is determined annually by the Bank 
of Portugal. The rate plus a multiplicative factor is determined in accordance with the solvency situation of each 
institution (the higher an institution’s average solvency ratio, the lower its contribution). The factor is defined 
in Notice 11/94 of the Bank of Portugal, as amended. The basic contribution rate set for 2022 is 0.0018 per cent. 
The Bank of Portugal may determine that the payment of up to 75 per cent. of the annual contributions may be 
partly replaced by an irrevocable undertaking to make full or partial payment upon request from the fund at any 
moment, guaranteed where necessary by securities having a low credit risk and high liquidity. The Bank of 
Portugal issued Instruction no. 21/2021 which established the annual contribution rate (0.0018 per cent. for all 
territory) and the minimum contribution (€1200.00) for 2022, in addition to establishing that in 2022 the 
participating credit institutions cannot replace their annual contributions with irrevocable undertakings.  
As at 30 June 2022 and 31 December 2021, 94.9 per cent. and 95.6 per cent., respectively, of the Group’s 
consolidated net assets related to its business activities in Portugal. 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, account may in the future need to be taken of EBA’s guidelines on methods 
for calculating contributions to deposit guarantee schemes (EBA/GL/2015/10), dated 22 September 2015 and 
last amended on 13 June 2016. 
Borrowing from the Bank of Portugal 
The Bank of Portugal has followed a policy of intervening as a lender of last resort in cases of liquidity shortfalls 
in the banking system. The basic method of lending used takes the form of advances and overdrafts against 
collateral. For this purpose, the Bank of Portugal discloses a list of securities eligible as collateral. The 
rediscount rate is now set by the ECB. 
Investment in Non-Financial Companies 
The RGICSF (article 101) also provides that no credit institution may directly or indirectly own more than 25 
per cent. of voting rights in any single non-financial company for a continuous or non-continuous period of 
more than three years (five years for shareholdings held through venture capital companies and holding 
companies). These limitations are not applicable to holdings in other credit institutions, financial companies 
and ancillary services companies. 
Conduct Supervision 
The Bank of Portugal has supervisory powers relating to the conduct of credit institutions. These powers are 
supported by supervision, decision-making and sanction powers relating to the rules on the conduct of business, 
customer relationships, professional secrecy, conflicts of interest and competition, to which credit institutions 
are subject. The conduct supervision rules on customer relationships consist of information obligations, rules

--- Page 162 ---
154 
relating to the management of customer complaints, a requirement to adopt a code of conduct and rules relating 
to the publicity of credit institutions. 
Granting Credit to Members of the Corporate Bodies 
In general, credit institutions are not authorised to grant credit in any way, including the granting of guarantees, 
to members of their board of directors or supervisory board or people and entities related to them, or to 
companies or other legal entities directly or indirectly controlled by them. 
This limitation does not apply to (i) operations with a social nature or purpose or those deriving from personnel 
policy; (ii) credit granted as a result of the use of credit cards associated with deposit accounts, in conditions 
similar to the ones applicable to other customers with a similar profile and risk; and (iii) the credit granting 
operations of certain entities within the supervisory ambit of the relevant credit institution. 
The members of the board of directors or supervisory body of a credit institution cannot participate in the 
analysis and decision-making process relating to operations where they may have a conflict of interest. 
Breach of Rules under the Bank of Portugal’s Supervision 
Breaches of rules under the Bank of Portugal’s supervision constitute misdemeanours and may result in the 
Bank of Portugal imposing fines of up to approximately €5 million. In certain cases, the maximum amount of 
the fine applicable is increased to 10 per cent. of the total net annual turnover for the financial year preceding 
the date of the decision, including gross income consisting of interest and similar income, income from shares 
and other variable or fixed income securities and commissions. If the double of the economic benefit obtained 
by the offender is determinable and exceeds the maximum limit of the applicable fine, such fine is raised to that 
value. Ancillary sanctions may also be imposed, such as, among others, disgorgement of the proceeds obtained 
through the offence, public censure, prohibition against exercising management functions in credit institutions 
and the suspension of voting rights of the shareholders of credit institutions. 
Other Controls 
The Bank of Portugal imposes a number of other controls covering various aspects of a bank’s business. It 
administers these controls through reporting requirements and ongoing supervision, including periodic 
examinations of the operations and asset portfolios of individual banks and consolidated banking groups. 
CMVM Supervision 
The regulation and supervision of the securities markets and financial intermediation activities in Portugal are 
carried out by the central government, acting through the Ministry of Finance and the CMVM. 
The CMVM is the regulatory entity in charge of the supervision and regulation of the securities markets and 
financial intermediation services. This includes the supervision of a wide range of activities and entities that 
fall under the scope of a number of EU Directives and Regulations, including Directive 2014/65/EU of 15 May 
2014 (MiFID II), as amended, and Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 of 15 May 2014, as amended, and 
supplementary acts. 
The CMVM is an autonomous administrative entity overseen by the Ministry of Finance, and by law and 
regulations not subject to direct intervention by the Ministry of Finance. Its Directors are appointed by the 
Minister of Finance for a 6-year, non-renewable term. In particular, the responsibilities of the CMVM include 
the supervision of certain conduct of business rules relating to financial intermediation activities and markets 
in financial instruments and the prudential supervision of certain entities. 
For this purpose, the CMVM may issue regulations on matters within the scope of its powers of supervision, 
including the conduct of business rules for providers of investment services, the recognition of markets for 
financial instruments and the establishment of rules for the operation of such markets as well as rules on public

--- Page 163 ---
155 
offers and prospectus requirements. The CMVM has also the responsibility to evaluate claims presented by 
investors, regarding the misconduct of financial intermediaries, and may determine compensations to an 
investor or group of investors. 
The CMVM may, within the course of its supervision activities, carry out inspections, issue information 
requests, conduct hearings, require the collaboration of other persons or entities, including police authorities, 
disclose information, including in substitution of supervised entities, conduct investigations and organise a 
registration system, carry out enforcement actions and impose administrative sanctions. 
The Issuer is subject to the CMVM’s supervision both as a financial intermediary and an issuer of securities 
admitted to trading on a regulated market. 
The Ministry of Finance may establish policies relating to markets in financial instruments, investor protection, 
financial intermediation activities and generally any matters regulated by the Portuguese Securities Code. The 
Ministry of Finance also oversees the CMVM and coordinates the supervision and regulation relating to 
financial instruments when powers have been delegated to more than one public entity. When a disturbance in 
the markets in financial instruments puts the national economy at serious risk, the Ministry of Finance may, by 
means of a joint Ministerial Order by the Prime Minister and the Minister of Finance, impose necessary 
measures. These may include the temporary suspension of: (i) the regulated markets and certain categories of 
transactions or activities of their management entities; (ii) multilateral trading facilities; (iii) settlement systems; 
(iv) clearing houses or central counterparties; and (v) central securities depositaries. 
Supervisory Rules Applicable to the Issuer as a Financial Intermediary 
The Issuer and some of its Portuguese subsidiaries are authorised as financial intermediaries. They are subject 
to the supervision by the CMVM in relation to their performance of financial intermediation and asset 
management activities. 
The conduct of business rules applicable to financial intermediaries are laid out in the Portuguese Securities 
Code, CMVM regulations and legislation applicable to specific financial intermediation activities. 
Conduct of Business Rules 
For the provision of regulated activities, financial intermediaries such as the Issuer must comply with conduct 
of business rules set out in the Legal Framework of Credit Institutions and Financial Companies and the 
Portuguese Securities Code, as well as those which may be established by CMVM regulation or special 
legislation. 
As a general principle, financial intermediaries must conduct their activity in a manner which protects the legal 
interests of their customers and the efficiency of the market. In their dealings with other market parties, financial 
intermediaries must observe the dictates of good faith, in accordance with high standards of diligence, loyalty 
and transparency. 
The main conduct of business rules applicable to financial intermediaries carrying out financial intermediation 
activities relate to: (i) “know your customer” obligations and suitability requirements; (ii) the financial 
intermediaries’ human, material and technical resources; (iii) complaint procedures; (iv) segregation of 
customers’ assets; (v) recordkeeping and reporting; (vi) conflicts of interest policy; (vii) information duties; and 
(viii) product governance. 
CMVM’s Powers 
As stated above, the CMVM supervises the activities and participants in the financial markets in Portugal. The 
CMVM has the power to issue binding regulations, take appropriate enforcement measures in respect of these 
regulations and the Portuguese Securities Code, and to sanction such breaches.

--- Page 164 ---
156 
In the exercise of its powers, the CMVM has the right, without limitation, to request non-public information, 
including information otherwise subject to professional confidentiality obligations, hold hearings, undertake 
investigations and summon people to cooperate with such investigations, and to provide information to the 
market on behalf of the supervised entities. 
The CMVM also operates an information disclosure system which can be used by parties subject to disclosure 
rules as a cheap and efficient means of complying with information rules. 
Breach of Rules under the CMVM’s Supervision 
A breach of the rules laid out in the Portuguese Securities Code may constitute a crime or misdemeanour. 
Portuguese Insurance and Pension Funds Supervisory Authority 
The Issuer is also subject to the supervision of the ASF insofar as it is registered as an insurance agent, for both 
Life and Non-Life segments. NOVO BANCO dos Açores, S.A. and Banco Best are also subject to ASF’s 
supervision as they are registered as an insurance agent, for both Life and Non-Life segments.  
ASF is the national authority responsible for the regulation and supervision of insurance, reinsurance, pension 
funds and their management companies and also insurance mediation activity, both from a prudential and a 
market conduct perspective.  
Insurance Distribution  
The Directive on Insurance Distribution (Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 January 2016, as amended) (commonly known as the Insurance Distribution Directive or IDD), which 
revokes and replace the Directive 2002/92/EC, was designed to improve EU regulation in the insurance market. 
The IDD came into force on 22 February 2016 and was transposed into the Portuguese jurisdiction by Law no. 
7/2019, of 16 January (“Insurance Distribution Law”).  
The objective of the IDD and of its implantation legislation is to ensure a level playing field among all 
participants involved in the sale of insurance products, to make it easier for firms to trade cross-border, and to 
strengthen policyholder protection. The Insurance Distribution Law, as the IDD itself, is based on the principle 
that the consumers should benefit from the same level of protection regardless of the differences between 
distribution channels. To guarantee that the same level of protection applies, and that the consumer can benefit 
from comparable standards, in particular in the area of disclosure of information, a level playing field between 
distributors is deemed to be essential. 
The Insurance Distribution Law, among other modifications, revokes and replaces the legal regime set out in 
Decree-Law no. 144/2006, of 31 July 2006, establishing a new insurance and reinsurance distribution legal 
regime.  
Anti-money laundering 
The Group is subject to extensive regulation on anti-money laundering and terrorism financing due to the Group 
entities’ activities as credit institutions, financial intermediaries and insurance companies and insurance 
intermediaries brokers and relating to asset management. Compliance with anti-money laundering and anti-
terrorist financing rules entails significant cost and effort. Non-compliance with these rules may have serious 
consequences, including adverse legal and reputational consequences. 
Under Law 83/2017, of 18 August 2017, as amended, which implemented Directives 2015/849/EC of 20 May 
2015, as amended, and 2016/2258/EC of 6 December 2016 in Portugal (“Law 83/2017”), focus has been placed 
on the prevention of the use of the financial system and specially designated activities and professions for the 
purposes of money laundering and terrorist financing. Law 83/2017 comprises the following compliance duties: 
(i) duty of identification of the customer and of its representative; (ii) a general obligation of due diligence,

--- Page 165 ---
157 
according to which entities subject to it are required to take adequate measures to understand the ownership and 
control structure of the client (“know your customer”), obtain information about the purpose and nature of its 
business, as well as the source and destination of funds moved in the context of that business; (iii) duty to refuse 
to execute any operation, or begin any business relation or any specific transaction whenever the client 
information duty has not been fully complied with; (iv) duty to keep records of the documentation and 
information provided; (v) duty to examine with special caution and care any conduct, activity or operation 
which, according to the professional experience of the financial institution, bear elements that are liable to raise 
suspicion on its relation with a money-laundering operation; (vi) entities subject to Law 83/2017 shall refrain 
from executing any operation whenever they are aware or suspect it is related with money-laundering; (vii) 
cooperation duty, under which entities subject to Law 83/2017 are required to cooperate with the General 
Attorney of the Portuguese State (Procurador Geral da República) and the Financial Information Unit (Unidade 
de Informação Financeira), as so requested; (viii) duty of professional secrecy, which determines that the fact 
that information requested by the competent authorities has been so given is not disclosed to the client; (ix) 
control duty, which requires that such entities shall implement adequate internal procedures so as to ensure 
compliance with anti-money duties; and (x) duty to provide adequate anti-money laundering training to its 
employees and managers. 
In addition to the aforementioned duties, according to the applicable reporting obligations, entities subject to 
Law 83/2017 have a reporting duty, under which the General Attorney of the Portuguese State and the Financial 
Information Unit shall be promptly informed, on their own initiative, when an operation likely to constitute a 
money laundering or terrorism financing offense that is being or has been committed or attempted comes to its 
knowledge or raises a suspicion. Moreover, a special reporting duty is applicable to transactions which present 
a special risk of money laundering or terrorist financing when they are related to a specific country or 
jurisdiction subject to additional counter measures decided by the Council of the European Union. In such cases, 
the competent supervisory authorities may determine the obligation of immediately reporting those transactions 
to the General Attorney of the Portuguese State and the Financial Information Unit, when they amount to €5,000 
or more. 
Applicable measures and sanctions for breach of rules on anti-money laundering prevention include the 
application of fines ranging between €50,000 and €5,000,000 and, in the case of credit institutions, of up to 10 
per cent. of the total annual turnover (according to the latest accounts approved by the management body) if 
such amount is higher than €5.0 million and, always depending on the seriousness of the infraction and the 
degree of fault involved, ancillary penalties, including the interdiction from exercising the activity in question 
for a period of up to three years, prohibition from holding management, direction, leadership or supervisory 
roles in the entities subject to Law 83/2017, and the publication of the penalty. 
Law 58/2020 ("Law 58/2020"), published on 31 August 2020, transposed into the Portuguese law (i) Directive 
(EU) 2018/843 of the European Parliament and the Council of 30 of May of 2018 (the Anti Money Laundering 
Directive 5) which amends Directive (EU) 2015/849 (the Anti-Money Laundering Directive 4), on the 
prevention of the use of the financial system for the purpose of money laundering or terrorist financing and (ii) 
Directive (EU) 2018/1673 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 of October of 2018, on 
combating money laundering by means of criminal law. Law 58/2020 introduces a set of amendments to several 
national laws, in particular, to Law 83/2017, of 18 August, which establishes Portuguese anti money laundering 
and terrorist financing rules, and to Law 89/2017, of 21 August, which enacts the Central Regime of Ultimate 
Beneficial Owners. 
Law 97/2017 regulates the application and execution of restrictive measures approved by the United Nations 
or the EU and establishes the sanction regime applicable to the violation of these measures, revised and 
republished in accordance with Law 58/2020.

--- Page 166 ---
158 
Notice 2/2018 of the Bank of Portugal establishes the conditions of exercise, procedures, instruments, 
mechanisms, enforcement formalities, reporting obligations and other aspects necessary to ensure compliance 
with the anti-money laundering and terrorist financing.  
Regulation 10/2005-R (“Regulation 10/2005-R”) of ASF lays down anti-money laundering rules applicable to 
insurance intermediaries carrying out activity in the life insurance segment. Consequently, companies within 
group´s providing services within the life insurance branch shall comply with the comprehensive set of 
compliance requirements established by Regulation 10/2005-R. 
Regulation 2/2020 of the addresses anti-money laundering and terrorist financing with specific rules applicable 
to entities subject to its supervision, regulating over the framework set by Law 83/2017.  
Overall, the fact that a very significant portion of the Portuguese legal framework on anti-money laundering is 
a result of the implementation of EU legal frameworks, mitigates regulatory differences across various EU 
Member States where Group operates or may operate in the future. However, more significant differences may 
apply in respect of non-EU jurisdictions, entailing the applicable regulatory and co-related compliance costs. 
Additionally, Law no. 89/2017 approved in Portugal the legal framework of the Central Register of Beneficial 
Ownership, implementing the Chapter III of EU Directive 2015/849, as amended, which consists of a database 
managed by the Institute for Registrations and Notaries with updated information on the natural person(s) who, 
directly or indirectly, own or control entities subject to registration. 
Evolution of the Regulatory Environment 
As part of the EU’s internal market programme, the EC and the European Council have proposed and adopted 
a number of regulations, directives and recommendations relating to the provision of banking and financial 
services. These include existing and proposed legislation concerning capital movements, depositors’ 
guarantees, payment systems, collective investment companies, investment firms, public disclosure of 
acquisitions and dispositions of holdings in listed companies, prospectuses for the public issuance of securities, 
shareholders’ rights, consumer credit, insider trading, mortgage credit, insurance, publication of annual 
accounting documents and taxation. Such legislation promotes greater competition in the provision of financial 
services, including areas in which the Issuer operates, such as securities brokerage, dealing and underwriting, 
and the provision of investment advice. 
MiFID II 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments, as 
amended (“MiFID II”), which came into force on 3 January 2018, provides for the regulation of EU securities 
and derivatives markets. MiFID II is comprised of (i) a substantially revised Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive (2014/65/EU); (ii) the Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014, as amended); and (iii) secondary legislation in 
the form of Delegated Acts made thereunder. The implementation of MiFID II in Portugal was concluded with 
the enactment of Law no. 35/2018 of 20 July, amending the rules on the marketing of financial products and on 
the organisation of financial intermediaries. 
MiFID II sets out detailed and specific requirements in relation to organisational and conduct of business 
matters for investment firms and securities and derivatives trading venues. In particular, MiFID II makes 
specific provision in relation to, among other things, organisational requirements, outsourcing, customer 
classification, conflicts of interest, best execution, client order handling, suitability and appropriateness, product 
governance, telephone taping, investment research and financial analysis, pre- and post-trade transparency 
obligations, transaction reporting, commodity derivative position limits and reporting, and the ability of MiFID 
investment firms authorised in one EU Member State to use ‘passports’ to conduct MiFID investment services 
in other EU Member States.

--- Page 167 ---
159 
MiFID II is more wide ranging than the previous MiFID regime (under the EU Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive (2004/39/EC)) and has direct impact on MiFID investment firms and indirect impact on non-MiFID 
financial services firms who deal in EU securities and derivatives markets. 
PRIIPs Regulation 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) relates to consumer protection and aims to establish a common standard 
for key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products (PRIIPs) and 
became applicable in EU Member States on 1 January 2018. The EU Commission adopted amended regulatory 
technical standards (RTS) on key information documents (KIDs) during the first half of 2017 and like the 
regulation itself, the delegated regulation has applied since 1 January 2018. 
Payment Services 
On 12 November 2018, Portugal implemented Directive (EU) 2015/2366 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 25 November 2015, as amended, (the Directive on Payment Services (“PSD 2”)) through Decree-
Law no. 91/2018 of 12 November 2018. PSD 2 creates new types of payment services and enhances customer 
protection and security. Banks are required to provide free access to customer data and account information to 
be licensed third-party businesses, in cases where the customer has given explicit consent. Decree-Law no. 
91/2018 of 12 November 2018 further details the access to the activity of payment institution and the provision 
of payment services, as well as access to the activity of digital currency institutions and the provision of digital 
currency-issuing services. 
STS Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017, which 
establishes a general securitisation framework (“STS Regulation”) entered into force on 17 January 2018 and 
is applicable to securitisation products from 1 January 2019 onwards. In Portugal, 2018 Law No. 69/2019, of 
28 August, enabled the execution under Portuguese law of the rules set out in the STS Regulation, thus 
amending Decree-Law 453/99, of 5 November, which establishes the legal framework for credit securitisation 
and governs the setting up and activity of securitisation funds, their management companies and of 
securitisation companies. The latter was further modified by Decree-Law No. 144/2019, of 23 September 2019, 
which transferred the supervision of securitisation funds’ management companies to the CMVM, and by Law 
No. 25/2020, of 7 July 2020, which amended the rules governing sanctions. 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016, as amended, 
(“Benchmarks Regulation”) was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 29 June 2016 
and has applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, since 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation 
applies to the provision of “benchmarks”, the contribution of input data to a “benchmark” and the use of a 
“benchmark” within the EU. It, among other things, (i) requires “benchmark” administrators to be authorised 
or registered (or, if non-European based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that are 
not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as EURIBOR) are the subject of recent 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such “benchmarks” to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely or to have other consequences which cannot be predicted.  
Data protection and privacy

--- Page 168 ---
160 
The processing of personal data by the Issuer and the Group is subject to: (i) the General Data Protection 
Regulation (“GDPR”), approved by Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016, as amended; (ii) Law no. 
58/2019, of 8 August 2019; (iii) any law approved for the adaptation of specific rules of the GDPR to the 
Portuguese jurisdiction; (iv) Directive 2002/58/EC, of 12 July 2002, as amended, on privacy and electronic 
communications; and (v) Law no. 41/2004, of 18 August 2004, as amended. 
Failure to comply or inadequate compliance with data protection and privacy obligations may result in several 
types of liabilities, ranging from tort liability in relation to the data subject, to significant administrative fines. 
P. RATINGS 
The Issuer’s current long-term senior ratings are B3 with positive outlook by Moody’s and B (high) with Trend 
Stable by DBRS. 
Q. ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
Group Structure 
The Issuer develops its banking activity directly and through its subsidiaries Banco Best and NBA. 
Additionally, it also operates in asset management, through its fully owned subsidiary GNB GA that operates 
in mutual fund management, real estate fund management, pension fund management and wealth management. 
The Issuer has equity holdings in companies operating in venture capital, real estate, renting and corporate 
services. As the main entity and parent company of the Group, the Issuer’s activity and financial results are 
affected by the performance of its subsidiaries. 
Group companies in which the Issuer has a direct or indirect holding higher or equal to 20 per cent., over which 
the Issuer exercises control or significant influence, and that were included in the consolidation perimeter, are 
presented below.  
Companies directly consolidated into the Issuer, as at 30 June 2022:

--- Page 169 ---
161 
 
 
NOVO BANCO, SA
2014
-
Portugal
Commercial Banking
    Novo Banco dos Açores, SA (novobanco Açores)
2002
2002
Portugal
Commercial Banking
57.53%
Full consolidation
    BEST - Banco Electrónico de Serviço Total, SA (BEST)
2001
2001
Portugal
Electronic banking
100.00%
Full consolidation
    NB África, SGPS, SA
2009
2009
Portugal
Holding
100.00%
Full consolidation
    GNB - Gestão de Ativos, SGPS, SA (GNB GA)
1992
1992
Portugal
Holding
100.00%
Full consolidation
    ES Tech Ventures, S.G.P.S., SA  (ESTV)
2000
2000
Portugal
Holding
100.00%
Full consolidation
    NB Finance, Ltd. (NB FINANCE)
2015
2015
Cayman Islands
Issue and distribution of securities
100.00%
Full consolidation
    GNB Concessões, SGPS, SA (GNB CONCESSÕES)
2002
2003
Portugal
Holding
100.00%
Full consolidation
    Espírito Santo Representações, Ltda. (ESREP)
1996
1996
Brazil
Representation services
99.99%
Full consolidation
    Aroleri, SLU
2021
2021
Spain
Real estate development
100.00%
Full consolidation
    Fundo de Capital de Risco NOVO BANCO PME Capital Growth
2009
2009
Portugal
Venture capital fund
100.00%
Full consolidation
    Fundo FCR PME / NOVO BANCO
1997
1997
Portugal
Venture capital fund
56.78%
Full consolidation
Fundo de Gestão de Património Imobiliário - FUNGEPI - Novo Banco
1997
2012
Portugal
Real estate fund management
100.00%
Full consolidation
    Fundo de Gestão de Património Imobiliário - FUNGEPI - Novo Banco II
2011
2012
Portugal
Real estate fund management
100.00%
Full consolidation
FUNGERE - Fundo de Gestão de Património Imobiliário
1997
2012
Portugal
Real estate fund management
100.00%
Full consolidation
ImoInvestimento – Fundo Especial de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado
2012
2012
Portugal
Real estate fund management
100.00%
Full consolidation
Prediloc Capital – Fundo Especial de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado
2006
2012
Portugal
Real estate fund management
100.00%
Full consolidation
Imogestão – Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado
2006
2013
Portugal
Real estate fund management
100.00%
Full consolidation
Arrábida - Fundo Especial de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado
2006
2013
Portugal
Real estate fund management
100.00%
Full consolidation
Invesfundo VII – Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado
2008
2013
Portugal
Real estate fund management
100.00%
Full consolidation
NB Logística - Fundo Especial de Investimento Imobiliário Aberto
2007
2012
Portugal
Real estate fund management
92.51%
Full consolidation
NB Património - Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Aberto
1992
2014
Portugal
Real estate fund management
56.39%
Full consolidation
Fundes - Fundo Especial Investimento Imobiliário Fechado
2008
2015
Portugal
Real estate fund management
100.00%
Full consolidation
NB Arrendamento - Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado para Arrendamento Habitacional
2009
2012
Portugal
Real estate fund management
100.00%
Full consolidation
Fimes Oriente - Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado
2004
2012
Portugal
Real estate fund management
100.00%
Full consolidation
Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado Amoreiras
2006
2015
Portugal
Real estate fund management
95.24%
Full consolidation
Novimove - Fundo de Investimento Imobiliario Fechado
2004
2019
Portugal
Real estate fund management
100.00%
Full consolidation
NB Branches - Fundo Especial de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado
2006
2019
Portugal
Real estate fund management
100.00%
Full consolidation
Febagri-Actividades Agropecuárias e Imobiliárias SA
2006
2012
Portugal
Real estate development
100.00%
Full consolidation
JCN - IP - Investimentos Imobiliários e Participações, SA
1995
2012
Portugal
Real estate development
100.00%
Full consolidation
Greenwoods Ecoresorts empreendimentos imobiliários, SA
2012
2012
Portugal
Real estate development
100.00%
Full consolidation
Sociedade Imobiliária Quinta D. Manuel I, SA
2012
2012
Portugal
Real estate development
100.00%
Full consolidation
Sociedade Agrícola Turística e Imobiliária da Várzea da Lagoa, SA
2012
2012
Portugal
Real estate development
100.00%
Full consolidation
Imalgarve - Sociedade de Investimentos Imobiliários, SA
1986
2014
Portugal
Real estate development
100.00%
Full consolidation
Herdade da Boina - Sociedade Imobiliária
1999
2012
Portugal
Real estate development
100.00%
Full consolidation
Ribagolfe - Empreendimentos de Golfe, SA
1995
2012
Portugal
Golf course operations
100.00%
Full consolidation
Benagil - Promoção Imobiliária, SA
1970
2012
Portugal
Real estate development
100.00%
Full consolidation
Fundo de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado Quinta da Ribeira
2006
2017
Portugal
Real estate fund management
100.00%
Full consolidation
Promofundo - Fundo Especial de Investimento Imobiliário Fechado
2008
2018
Portugal
Real estate fund management
100.00%
Full consolidation
Herdade da Vargem Fresca VI - Comércio e Restauração SA
1997
2012
Portugal
Restoration
100.00%
Full consolidation
    Locarent - Companhia Portuguesa de Aluguer de Viaturas, SA (LOCARENT)
2003
2003
Portugal
Renting
50.00%
Equity method
UNICRE - Instituição Financeira de Crédito, SA
1974
2010
Portugal
Non banking financing
17.50%
Equity method
    Edenred Portugal, SA
1984
2013
Portugal
Services provider
50.00%
Equity method
    ESEGUR - Empresa de Segurança, SA (ESEGUR)
1994
2004
Portugal
Private security services
44.00%
Equity method
    Multipessoal Recursos Humanos - SGPS, S.A
1993
1993
Portugal
Management of shareholdings
22.52%
Equity method
b)  Entities consolidated under the equity method as the voting rights grant control to the other shareholders
Year 
incorporated
Year 
acquired
Registered office
Activity
Share-holding 
%
Consolidation method
a) The percentage presented above reflects the Group's economic interest. These entities were included in the consolidated balance sheet via the equity method as the Group exercises significant influence over their activities 
a)
b)
b)

--- Page 170 ---
162 
Subgroups:  
 
 
Additionally, taking into account the requirements of IFRS 10, the Group’s consolidation perimeter 
includes the following structured entities: 
 
 
(*) 
Structured entities set up in the scope as securitisation operations, recorded in the consolidated financial statements in accordance with the continued 
involvement of the Group in these operations, determined based on the percentage of the equity pieces held of the respective vehicles (see Note 41 of 
the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the first half of 2022). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    GNB - Gestão de Ativos, SGPS, SA (GNB GA)
1992
1992
Portugal
Holding
100.00%
Full consolidation
        GNB Fundos Mobiliários - Sociedade Gestora de Organismos de Investimento Coletivo, SA
1987
1987
Portugal
Investment fund management
100.00%
Full consolidation
        GNB Real Estate - Sociedade Gestora de Organismos de Investimento Coletivo, SA
1992
1992
Portugal
Investment fund management
100.00%
Full consolidation
        GNB - Sociedade Gestora de Fundos de Pensões, SA
1989
1989
Portugal
Investment fund management
100.00%
Full consolidation
        Espírito Santo International Asset Management, Ltd.
1998
1998
British Virgin Islands
Investment fund management
50.00%
Equity method
        GNB - Sociedade Gestora de Patrimónios, SA
1987
1987
Portugal
Wealth management
100.00%
Full consolidation
        GNB - International Management, SA
1995
1995
Luxembourg
Investment fund management
100.00%
Full consolidation
    ES Tech Ventures, S.G.P.S., SA  (ESTV)
2000
2000
Portugal
Holding
100.00%
Full consolidation
        Yunit Serviços, SA
2000
2000
Portugal
Internet portal management
33.33%
Equity method
    Fundo de Capital de Risco NOVO BANCO PME Capital Growth
2009
2009
Portugal
Venture capital fund
100.00%
Full consolidation
       Righthour, SA
2013
2013
Portugal
Services
100.00%
Full consolidation
    Fundo FCR PME / NOVO BANCO
1997
1997
Portugal
Venture capital fund
56.78%
Full consolidation
Cristalmax – Indústria de Vidros, S.A.
1994
2017
Portugal
Glass manufacturing
18.96%
Equity method
Ach Brito & Ca, SA
1918
2015
Portugal
Soap manufacturing
8.77%
Equity method
M. N. Ramos Ferreira, Engenharia, SA
1983
2013
Portugal
Engeneering
8.11%
Equity method
    GNB Concessões, SGPS, SA (GNB CONCESSÕES)
2002
2003
Portugal
Holding
100.00%
Full consolidation
        Lineas – Concessões de Transportes, SGPS, SA
2008
2010
Portugal
Holding
40.00%
Equity method
a) The percentage presented above reflects the Group's economic interest. These entities were included in the consolidated balance sheet via the equity method as the Group exercises significant influence over their activities 
b)  Entities consolidated under the equity method as the voting rights grant control to the other shareholders
Consolidation method
Year 
incorporated
Year 
acquired
Registered office
Activity
Share-holding 
%
a)
b)
a)
a)
a)
Lusitano Mortgages No.6 plc (*)
2007
2007
Ireland
100%
Full consolidation
Lusitano Mortgages No.7 plc (*)
2008
2008
Ireland
100%
Full consolidation
Consolidation method
Year incorporated
Year acquired
Registered 
office
Share-holding %

--- Page 171 ---
163 
R. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF NOVO BANCO, S.A. 
Consolidated Income Statement as at 30 June 2022 and 2021 
 
 
As at 30 June 
 
 
 
2022 
2021 
 
 
thousands of Euros 
 
Interest Income .............................................................................................. 
365,753 
370,383 
Interest Expenses ........................................................................................... 
(97,723) 
(81,126) 
Net Interest Income ..................................................................................... 
268,030 
289,257 
Dividend income ........................................................................................... 
2,826 
5,359 
Fees and commissions income ...................................................................... 
165,270 
157,327 
Fees and commissions expenses ................................................................... 
(22,921) 
(24,561) 
Gains or losses on derecognition of financial assets and liabilities not 
measured at fair value through profit or loss ................................................. 
(52,582) 
10,832 
Gains or losses on financial assets and liabilities held for trading ................ 
148,420 
18,972 
Gains or losses on financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit 
or loss ............................................................................................................ 
(10,955) 
30,125 
Gains or losses on financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value 
through profit and loss .................................................................................. 
30 
81 
Gains or losses from hedge accounting ......................................................... 
113 
8,192 
Exchange differences .................................................................................... 
(964) 
(13,438) 
Gains or losses on derecognition of non-financial assets .............................. 
4,132 
1,308 
Other operating income ................................................................................. 
143,982 
48,661 
Other operating expenses .............................................................................. 
(69,088) 
(63,161) 
Operating Income ....................................................................................... 
576,293 
495,830 
Administrative expenses ............................................................................... 
(189,171) 
(187,775) 
Staff expenses .......................................................................................... 
(111,844) 
(117,628) 
Other administrative expenses ................................................................ 
(77,327) 
(70,147) 
Cash contributions to resolution funds and deposit guarantee schemes ........ 
(41,155) 
(40,535) 
Depreciation .................................................................................................. 
(19,545) 
(16,364) 
Provisions or reversal of provisions .............................................................. 
21,926 
23,570 
Commitments and guarantees given ........................................................ 
4,685 
18,610 
Other provisions ...................................................................................... 
17,241 
4,960 
Impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured at 
fair value through profit or loss ..................................................................... 
(60,876) 
(101,006) 
Impairment or reversal of impairment of investment in subsidiaries, joint 
ventures and associates ................................................................................. 
20,773 
969

--- Page 172 ---
164 
 
 
As at 30 June 
 
 
 
2022 
2021 
 
 
thousands of Euros 
 
Impairment or reversal of impairment on non-financial assets ..................... 
(1,610) 
(12,730) 
Share of the profit or loss of investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures 
and associates accounted for using the equity method .................................. 
2,453 
953 
Profit or loss before tax from continuing operations................................ 
309,088 
162,912 
Tax expense or income related to profit or loss from continuing operations  
(18,921) 
(21,115) 
Current tax............................................................................................... 
(2,596) 
(4,409) 
Deferred tax ............................................................................................. 
(16,325) 
(16,706) 
Profit or loss after tax from continuing operations .................................. 
290,167 
141,797 
Profit or loss from discontinued operations .................................................. 
(270)  
(1,411) 
Profit or loss for the period ........................................................................ 
289,897 
140,386 
Attributable to Shareholders of the parent ............................................... 
266,724 
137,706 
Attributable to non-controlling interests ....................................................... 
23,173 
2,680 
 
 
289,897 
140,386 
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 30 June 2022 and 2021 
 
 
As at 
 
  
 
30 June 2022 
30 June 2021 
 
 
thousands of Euros 
 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits ..............  
6,225,736 
4,897,885 
Financial assets held for trading .................................................................  
200,800 
372,135 
Financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss ................  
583,312 
932,298 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income ..........  
2,679,702 
7,717,445 
Financial assets at amortised cost...............................................................  
31,329,794 
25,956,767 
Securities ................................................................................................  
6,979,236 
2,399,431 
Loans and advances to banks ..................................................................  
46,916 
86,900 
Loans and advances to customers...........................................................  
24,303,642 
23,470,436 
Derivatives – Hedge accounting ................................................................  
344,320 
14,756 
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate 
risk .............................................................................................................  
(190,983) 
40,171 
Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates .........................  
118,687 
86,393 
Tangible assets ...........................................................................................  
981,274 
789,825 
Tangible fixed assets ...............................................................................  
268,457 
189,663

--- Page 173 ---
165 
 
 
As at 
 
  
 
30 June 2022 
30 June 2021 
 
 
thousands of Euros 
 
Investment properties..............................................................................  
712,817 
591,162 
Intangible assets .........................................................................................  
69,539 
53,895 
Tax assets ...................................................................................................  
848,511 
673,545 
Current Tax Assets ..................................................................................  
36,194 
610 
Deferred Tax Assets ................................................................................  
812,317 
672,935 
Other assets ................................................................................................  
2,290,356 
2,921,067 
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale ............  
11,953 
1,439,924 
 TOTAL ASSETS ......................................................................................  
45,493,001 
45,887,106 
  
 
 
 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading ...........................................................  
163,373 
418,523 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost .........................................  
40,898,619 
39,194,843 
Deposits from central banks and other banks .........................................  
9,874,931 
10,518,880 
Due to customers ....................................................................................  
29,030,063 
27,199,223 
Debt securities issued, Subordinated debt and liabilities associated to 
transferred assets .....................................................................................  
1,542,850
 
1,035,532 
Other financial liabilities ........................................................................  
450,775 
441,208 
Derivatives – Hedge accounting ................................................................  
14,982 
52,349 
Provisions ...................................................................................................  
397,213 
322,887 
Tax liabilities ..............................................................................................  
11,025 
15,014 
Current Tax liabilities .............................................................................  
7,990 
10,585 
Deferred Tax liabilities ...........................................................................  
3,035 
4,429 
Other liabilities ...........................................................................................  
754,278 
523,669 
Liabilities included in disposal groups classified as held for sale ..............  
1,755 
2,121,016 
TOTAL LIABILITIES .............................................................................  
42,241,245 
42,648,301 
  
 
 
 
EQUITY 
 
 
 
Capital ........................................................................................................  
6,054,907 
5,900,000 
Accumulated other comprehensive income ...............................................  
(1,183,107) 
(964,669) 
Retained earnings .......................................................................................  
(8,577,074) 
(8,577,074) 
Other reserves ............................................................................................  
6,670,293 
6,711,831 
Profit or loss attributable to Shareholders of the parent .............................  
266,724 
137,707 
Minority interests (Non-controlling interests) ............................................  
20,013 
31,010

--- Page 174 ---
166 
 
 
As at 
 
  
 
30 June 2022 
30 June 2021 
 
 
thousands of Euros 
 
TOTAL EQUITY .....................................................................................  
3,251,756 
3,238,805 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY ...................................................  
45,493,001 
45,887,106

--- Page 175 ---
167 
S. RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
On 1 August 2022, the Issuer released its unaudited consolidated results for the first half of 2022, which include 
the following highlights: 
CONTINUING TO DELIVER IMPROVED PROFITABILITY  
• 
The Issuer announced a further quarter of profitability with a net income for the six months ended 30 
June 2022 of €266.7 million. This was a solid business performance delivering further improvement 
in profitability against an uncertain macro background characterised by inflationary pressures and 
consequent volatility of interest rates. 
• 
Net interest income was €268.0 million (decreasing 7.3 per cent. year on year), reflecting stable loan 
book yield and impact of senior debt issuance in the fourth quarter of 2021 and the negative interest 
rates on money market placements. The net interest margin in the period was 1.30 per cent. (compared 
with 2021: 1.42 per cent.) with net customer loans at €24.3 billion (increasing 2.8 per cent. year to 
date), confirming trajectory of an expanding loan book in both retail and corporate segments and a 
more favourable rate environment.  
• 
Fees and commissions increased to €144.4 million (increasing 6.5 per cent. year on year), reflecting a 
strong performance across the board and an improved quarterly trend.  
• 
As a result, commercial banking income in the period was €412.4 million (decreasing 2.9 per cent. 
year on year) and banking income was strong at €571.5 million (increasing 16.9 per cent. year on year), 
with other operating results of €73.2 million, driven by an accelerated deleverage of the real estate 
portfolio.   
• 
Commercial cost-to-income ratio was 51 per cent. (first quarter 2021: 48 per cent.; first quarter 2022: 
51 per cent.; second quarter 2022: 50 per cent.; excluding markets and other operating results), with 
operating costs of €208.7 million. The €4.6 million year on year growth reflects the increase of general 
and administrative expenses, mostly one-off, to support the continuous investment in the improvement 
of operational and business processes required to deliver novobanco’s strategic programme, partially 
offset by lower staff costs. On a recurring basis, operating costs reduced by 0.5 per cent. (decreasing 
€0.9 million) with cost-to-income ratio of 49 per cent.  
• 
Cost of risk was 15 basis points, given the successful ongoing de-risking strategy (first half 2021: 68 
basis points or 40 basis points ex-Covid related provisions) and reflecting a decrease in loan 
impairments to €19.3 million (a decrease of 77.2 per cent; minus €65.4 million versus first half of 
2021).  
• 
All in all, novobanco continued to grow its profitability, reaching a return on tangible equity of 11.0 
per cent. (pre-tax), with underlying pre-tax profitability9 of €160.2 million, a further confirmation of 
the sustainability of its trajectory.  
SOLID BUSINESS MODEL WITH RESILIENT LENDING AND DEPOSITS GROWTH  
• 
Positive evolution of gross customer loans (€25.5 billion, an increase of 2.6 per cent. year to date), 
across all segments. Total customer funds improved by 2.4 per cent. year to date, with 3.9 per cent. 
increase of customer deposits (€1.1 billion), reflecting growth of the business. 
• 
In June 2022, Moody’s upgraded the Issuer’s baseline credit assessment (BCA) rating by two notches, 
from caa1 to b2, with unchanged positive outlook. The two-notch increase in Moody's credit rating 
 
9 
Calculated as pre-tax net income adjusted by extraordinary items and excluding capital markets results.

--- Page 176 ---
168 
reflects the Issuer’s “improved credit profile as a result of the continued de-risking of its balance sheet 
and the significant restructuring of its operations over recent years”. The ratings on the Issuer’s long-
term senior unsecured debt and subordinated debt were upgraded from Caa2 to B3. Further 
improvement of the NPL ratio at 5.4 per cent. (December 2021: 5.7 per cent.; June 2021: 7.3 per cent.), 
with 73.0 per cent. coverage ratio, reflecting the de-risking of the balance sheet and progress towards 
achieving an NPL ratio in line with the European average. 
STABLE CAPITAL RATIOS AND LIQUIDITY RATIO  
Driven by strong bottom-line profitability, CET1 ratio increased significantly by 1.0 percentage point in the 
quarter to 11.8 per cent. (versus December 2021: 11.1 per cent.; March 2022: 10.8 per cent.) and total capital 
ratio reached 13.9 per cent. (versus December 2021:13.1 per cent.; March 2022: 12.9 per cent.), which is already 
above the 13.5 per cent. OCR requirement and allows building of P2G buffer. This reflects the capital accretive 
business model, RWA discipline and is combined with specific measures to ensure early compliance with 
normalised post-pandemic capital requirements. 
The LCR improved further to 186 per cent. (December 2021: 182 per cent.) and NSFR amounted to 106 per 
cent. (December: 117 per cent.). 
On 5 May 2022, the Issuer announced Mark Bourke as new CEO and announced the composition of the EBD 
for a new mandate term, subject to the approval of Bank of Portugal and European Central Bank, following the 
announcement made on 31 March 2022 with respect to António Ramalho stepping down as CEO. 
On 23 May 2022, the Issuer announced that, through its subsidiary GNB Real Estate, it had signed a Sale and 
Purchase Agreement, following a competitive bid process, for the divestment of a real estate portfolio majority 
held by the real estate funds NB Património and NB Logística. As of March 2022, novobanco held a 
participation of approximately 75 per cent., on average, in these real estate assets. The completion of this 
transaction, on the agreed terms, is expected to have positive impact of approximately 35 basis points on the 
Issuer’s total capital position. This transaction was part of the envisaged measures of novobanco Group to 
accelerate the sale of non-core assets, which, together with other measures being implemented, will result in 
capital generation during 2022. 
On 27 May 2022, the Issuer informed that it was notified by the Bank of Portugal of its MREL requirements, 
on a consolidated basis, as determined by the Single Resolution Board, under the following terms: 
From 1 January 2022, under the intermediate requirement, the target of own funds and eligible liabilities will 
be equivalent to: 
• 
14.64 per cent. of total risk exposure amount (“TREA”) plus the combined buffer requirement of 3.02 
per cent. (including LSF Nani O-SII), corresponding to a total requirement of 17.66 per cent.; 
• 
5.91 per cent. of the Leverage Ratio Exposure (“LRE”). 
From 1 January 2026, the requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities will be equivalent to: 
• 
23.16 per cent. of TREA plus the then applicable combined buffer requirement; 
• 
5.91 per cent. of the LRE. 
In addition, the Issuer noted that a minimum subordination requirement was not applied. 
On 15 August 2022 the Issuer announced that, following a competitive bid process, it had signed a sale and 
purchase agreement for the sale of its current headquarters building located in Avenida de Liberdade in Lisbon. 
The transaction, on agreed terms, is priced at €112.2 million. The sale should be concluded by the third quarter 
of 2022.

--- Page 177 ---
169 
The Novo Banco Campus at Tagus Park - Oeiras, currently under construction, will be the new headquarters of 
the Issuer and of the entities of the Group. This new headquarters will gradually accommodate the central 
services currently located in the centre of Lisbon. 
On 23 August 2022 the Issuer announced that, alongside other sellers, it had signed a sale and purchase and 
other agreements with investment funds advised by Davidson Kempner Capital Management LP, relating to the 
sale of equity interests in both Fundo Recuperação Turismo, Fundo de Capital de Risco and FLIT – PTREL, 
SICAV-SIF, S.C.A., among other hospitality assets currently held by Fundo Recuperação, also known as Project 
Crow.  
As of December 2021, the Issuer’s exposure to restructuring funds, including the above-mentioned funds, 
totalled €524 million, with the scope of this transaction comprising circa 40 per cent. of the Issuer’s exposure 
to such funds. 
The completion of this transaction, which is on agreed terms, is expected to be concluded by the fourth quarter 
of 2022, with a positive impact on the Issuer’s capital ratios of circa 25 basis points. This transaction, together 
with the sale of the Issuer’s current headquarters and other measures signed in the third quarter of 2022 to date 
to accelerate the sale of non-core assets, is expected to increase the Issuer’s capital ratios by circa 65 basis 
points versus June 2022 reported figures.

--- Page 178 ---
170 
TAXATION  
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the tax consequences under the 
tax laws of the country of which they are resident of a purchase of Notes, including, but not limited to, the 
consequences of receipts of interest and sale or redemption of Notes. 
The following descriptions are general summaries of certain taxation matters based on applicable law and 
practice currently in effect in Portugal. Nothing in this section constitutes tax, legal or financial advice, and 
the summaries contained herein are of a general nature and do not cover all aspects of taxation in the relevant 
jurisdictions that may be relevant to any particular holder of Notes. Prospective investors in the Notes should 
consult their professional advisers on the tax implications for them of an investment in the Notes. 
Portugal  
This section summarises the Portuguese tax rules applicable to the acquisition, ownership and disposal of the 
Notes, in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus. This section does not analyse the tax implications that 
may indirectly arise from the decision to invest in the Notes, such as those relating to the tax framework of 
financing obtained to support such investment or those pertaining to the counterparties of the potential investors, 
regarding any transaction involving the Notes. 
This section is a general summary of the relevant features of the Portuguese tax system. The summary does not 
purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to any particular 
holder, including tax considerations that arise from rules of general application or that are generally assumed to 
be known to any holder. It also does not contain in-depth information about all special and exceptional regimes, 
which may entail tax consequences at variance with those described herewith.  
The tax treatment of each type of potential investor described in each section applies exclusively to that type of 
potential investor. No analogy regarding the tax implications applicable to other type of potential investors 
should be drawn. Potential investors should seek individual advice about the implications of the acquisition, 
ownership and disposal of Notes, in light of their specific circumstances. 
This section does not include any reference to the tax framework applicable in countries other than Portugal. 
The rules of a Convention to prevent Double Taxation (“Convention”) may have a bearing on Portuguese tax 
implications. Furthermore, the domestic provisions of other countries may exacerbate or alleviate such 
implications.  
The meaning of the terminology adopted in respect of every technical feature, including the qualification of the 
securities issued as “Notes”, the classification of taxable events, the arrangements for taxation and potential tax 
benefits, among others, is the one in force in Portugal as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No other 
interpretations or meanings, potentially employed in other countries, are considered. 
The tax framework described in this section is subject to any changes in law and practices (and the interpretation 
and application thereof) at any moment. Although according to the Portuguese Constitution legislative 
amendments which increase taxation cannot have retroactive or retrospective effect, there is no general 
prohibition of amendments with such effect.

--- Page 179 ---
171 
General tax regime 
Where no specific tax regime is applicable, e.g. the special debt securities tax regime further described below, 
the tax regime summarised in this section should generally apply. 
Portuguese tax resident individuals (income obtained outside the scope of business or professional 
activities) or individuals with a permanent establishment in Portugal to which income associated 
with the Notes is imputable 
Acquisition of Notes for consideration 
The acquisition of Notes for consideration is not subject to Portuguese taxation. 
Income arising from the ownership of Notes  
Economic benefits derived from interest, amortisation, reimbursement premiums and other instances of 
remuneration arising from the Notes (including, upon a transfer of the Notes, the interest accrued since the last 
date on which interest was paid), are generally classified as “investment income” for Portuguese tax purposes. 
Such investment income arising to the holders is liable for Personal Income Tax (Imposto sobre o Rendimento 
das Pessoas Singulares or “IRS”). IRS is generally withheld, at a 28 per cent. rate, when the income becomes 
due and payable, or upon a transfer of the Notes (in this last case, on the interest accrued since the last date on 
which the investment income became due and payable). This represents a final withholding, releasing the 
Holder from the obligation to disclose the above income to the Portuguese tax authorities and from the payment 
of any additional amount of IRS. 
Alternatively, holders may opt for declaring such income in their tax returns, together with the remaining items 
of income derived. In that event, income arising from the ownership of Notes shall be liable for tax at the rate 
resulting from the application of the relevant progressive tax brackets for the year in question, currently up to 
48 per cent., plus a solidarity tax (taxa adicional de solidariedade) of up to 5 per cent. on income exceeding 
€250,000 (2.5 per cent. on income below €250,000, but exceeding €80,000). The progressive taxation under 
the IRS rules may then go up to 53 per cent., being the tax withheld deemed as a payment on account of the 
final tax due. 
Investment income paid or made available (colocado à disposição) to accounts in the name of one or more 
accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed third parties is subject to a final withholding tax at the rate of 
35 per cent., unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed in which case general rules apply. 
Capital gains and capital losses arising from the disposal of Notes for consideration 
The annual positive balance between capital gains and capital losses arising from the disposal of Notes (and 
other assets set forth in law) for consideration, deducted of the costs necessary and effectively incurred in the 
acquisition and disposal, is taxed at a special 28 per cent. IRS rate. Alternatively, Holders of the Notes may opt 
to include the capital gains and losses in their taxable income, together with the remaining items of income 
derived. In that event, the capital gains shall be liable for tax at the rate resulting from the application of the 
relevant progressive tax brackets for the year in question, currently up to 48 per cent., plus a solidarity tax (taxa 
adicional de solidariedade) of up to 5 per cent. on income exceeding €250,000 (2.5 per cent. on income below 
€250,000, but exceeding €80,000). The progressive taxation under the IRS rules may then go up to 53 per cent. 
Losses arising from disposals for consideration in favour of counterparties subject to a clearly more favourable 
tax regime in the country, territory or region where such counterparty is a tax resident, listed in the Ministerial 
Order no. 150/2004 of 13th February, as amended from time to time (“Blacklisted Jurisdictions”) are 
disregarded for purposes of assessing the positive or negative balance referred to in the previous paragraph.

--- Page 180 ---
172 
If the gains are obtained in the context of a professional or entrepreneurial activity any capital gains and losses 
on the transfer of Notes for a consideration should be included in the computation of corporate and professional 
income and are taxable according to the rules as set forth in the PIT Code for income of business and 
professional nature. 
Where the Portuguese resident individual chooses to include the capital gains or losses in their taxable income 
subject to the marginal PIT rates, any capital losses which were not offset against capital gains in the relevant 
tax period may be carried forward for five years and offset future capital gains. 
Pursuant to the Portuguese State Budget Law Proposal for 2022, from 1 January 2023 onwards, Portuguese 
resident individuals with an annual taxable income higher than Euro 75,009 are required to mandatorily include 
the annual positive capital gain income balance in their taxable income together with the remaining items of 
income derived, if such capital gains arise from the disposal of securities, such as the Notes, held for a period 
of less than 365 days. 
Gratuitous acquisition of Notes 
The gratuitous acquisition (per death or in life) of Notes by Portuguese tax resident individuals is liable for 
Stamp Tax at a 10 per cent. rate. Spouses or couples under the civil partnership regime, ancestors and 
descendants avail of an exemption from Stamp Tax on such acquisitions. 
Non-Portuguese tax resident individuals without a permanent establishment in Portugal to which 
income associated with the Notes is imputable 
Acquisition of Notes for consideration 
The acquisition of Notes for consideration is not subject to Portuguese taxation. 
Income arising from the ownership of Notes  
Investment income arising to the Holders from the Notes is liable for IRS. IRS is withheld, at a 28 per cent. 
rate, when the investment income becomes due and payable, or upon a transfer of the Notes (in this last case, 
on the interest accrued since the last date on which the investment income became due and payable), unless in 
certain circumstances the transfer is made between two IRS taxpayers and the income is not imputable to an 
entrepreneurial or professional activity. This represents a final withholding, releasing the Holders from the 
obligation to disclose the above income to the Portuguese tax authorities and from the payment of any additional 
amount of IRS.  
The above rate may be reduced pursuant to a Convention in force between Portugal and the country where the 
owner of the Notes is a resident for tax purposes, provided that both substantial and formal conditions on which 
the application of such benefit depends are duly observed. In broad terms, according to Portuguese tax law the 
formalities consist in filling out a specific official form (Modelo 21-RFI) supplemented with a document, issued 
by the local tax authorities of the country of residence of the owner of the Notes, attesting both the tax residency 
of the beneficiary entity and that this entity is subject to income tax in accordance with the Convention. Such 
specific official form shall be deemed valid for 1 year. 
If the Holder is subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime in a Blacklisted Jurisdiction, the applicable 
withholding tax rate is 35 per cent. Similarly, the withholding tax rate is increased to 35 per cent. in case of 
payments made to accounts opened in the name of one or more accountholders on behalf of undisclosed third 
parties, unless the beneficial owner of such income is identified, in which case the general rules apply. 
In any event, please refer to the section below entitled “Special debt securities tax regime” in order to assess 
whether a tax exemption is available.

--- Page 181 ---
173 
Capital gains and capital losses arising from the disposal of Notes for consideration 
Capital gains arising from the disposal of Notes for consideration should be exempt from taxation as long as 
they qualify as “securities” (valores mobiliários), unless the alienator is resident for tax purposes in a 
jurisdiction listed in a Blacklisted Jurisdiction. Furthermore, capital gains arising from the disposal of Notes for 
consideration by an alienator resident for tax purposes in a country with which there is a Convention in force 
with Portugal may be excluded from taxation, depending on the specific provisions of the Convention. In case 
the taxable event cannot be prevented, the annual positive balance between capital gains and capital losses 
arising from the disposal of Notes (and other assets set forth in the law) for consideration, deducted of the costs 
necessary and effectively incurred in such disposal, is taxed at a special 28 per cent. IRS rate. Losses arising 
from disposals for consideration in favour of counterparties subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime in 
the country, territory or region where it is a tax resident, listed in a Blacklisted Jurisdiction are disregarded for 
purposes of assessing the positive or negative balance referred above.  
If resident in an EU Member State or of the EEA with which, in the latter case, there is exchange of tax 
information, the Holders may opt for declaring such income in their tax returns, together with the remaining 
items of income derived (even if outside the Portuguese territory, in the latter case for purposes of ascertaining 
the relevant tax bracket). In that event, the capital gains shall be liable for tax at the rate that would result from 
the application of the relevant progressive tax brackets for the year in question, currently up to 48 per cent., 
plus a solidarity tax (taxa adicional de solidariedade) of up to 5 per cent. on income exceeding €250,000 (2.5 
per cent. on income below €250,000, but exceeding €80,000). The progressive taxation under the IRS rules may 
then go up to 53 per cent. 
In any event, please refer to the section below entitled “Special debt securities tax regime” in order to assess 
whether a tax exemption is available. 
Gratuitous acquisition of Notes 
The gratuitous acquisition (per death or in life) of Notes by non-Portuguese tax resident individuals is not liable 
for Portuguese Stamp Tax. 
Corporate entities resident for tax purposes in Portugal or non-Portuguese tax resident entities with 
a permanent establishment to which income associated with the Notes is imputable 
Acquisition of Notes for consideration 
The acquisition of Notes for consideration is not subject to Portuguese taxation. 
Income arising from the ownership of Notes  
Investment income arising to Holders from the Notes is liable for Corporate Income Tax (Imposto sobre o 
Rendimento das Pessoas Colectivas or “IRC”). IRC is withheld, at a 25 per cent. rate, when the investment 
income becomes due and payable, or upon a transfer of the Notes (in this last case, on the interest accrued since 
the last date on which the investment income became due and payable), except where the Holder is either a 
Portuguese resident financial institution (or a non-resident financial institution having a permanent 
establishment in the Portuguese territory to which income is imputable) or otherwise benefits from a reduction 
or a withholding tax exemption as specified by current Portuguese tax law.  
This withholding represents an advance payment on account of the final IRC liability. IRC is levied on the 
taxable basis (computed as the taxable profit deducted of tax losses carried forward) at a rate of 21 per cent., 17 
per cent. on the first €25,000 in the case of small or medium-sized enterprises as defined by law and subject to 
the de minimis rule of the EU. A municipal surcharge, at variable rates according to the decision of the municipal 
bodies, up to 1.5 per cent. of the taxable profit, may also apply. Moreover, corporate taxpayers are also subject 
to a State surcharge of 3 per cent., for a taxable income from €1,500,000.00 to €7,500,000.00, of 5 per cent.,

--- Page 182 ---
174 
for a taxable income from €7,500,000.00 to €35,000,000.00, or of 9 per cent. for a taxable income exceeding 
€35,000,000.00. 
Investment income paid or made available (colocado à disposição) to accounts in the name of one or more 
accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed third parties is subject to a final withholding tax at the rate of 
35 per cent., unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case general rules apply. 
There is no obligation to withhold tax, partially or entirely, on investment income of the issuer made available 
to taxpayers globally exempt from IRC (for instance: the Portuguese State and other corporate entities subject 
to administrative law; corporate entities recognised as having public interest and charities; pension funds; 
retirement savings funds, education savings funds and retirement and education savings funds; and venture 
capital funds, provided that, with respect to all the above funds, they are organised and operate in accordance 
with Portuguese law) or which benefit from a total or partial exemption on the investment income made 
available by the Issuer, assuming that proof of such exemption is presented to the entity responsible for the 
payment. 
Capital gains and capital losses arising from the disposal of Notes for consideration  
Capital gains and capital losses are taken into consideration for purposes of computing the taxable profit for 
IRC purposes. IRC is levied on the taxable basis (computed as the taxable profit deducted of tax losses carried 
forward) at a rate of 21 per cent.,17 per cent. on the first €25,000 in the case of small or medium-sized 
enterprises as defined by law and subject to the de minimis rule of the EU. A municipal surcharge, at variable 
rates according to the decision of the municipal bodies, up to 1.5 per cent. of the taxable profit may also apply. 
Moreover, corporate taxpayers are also subject to a State surcharge of 3 per cent., for a taxable income from 
€1,500,000.00 to €7,500,000.00, of 5 per cent., for a taxable income from €7,500,000.00 to €35,000,000.00, or 
of 9 per cent. for a taxable income exceeding €35,000,000.00. 
Gratuitous acquisition of Notes 
The positive net variation in worth (variação patrimonial positiva), not reflected in the profit and loss account 
of the financial year, arising from the gratuitous transfer of Notes to Portuguese tax resident corporate entities 
liable for IRC, even if exempt therefrom, or to permanent establishments to which it is imputable, is taken into 
consideration for purposes of computing the taxable profit for IRC purposes.  
IRC is levied on the taxable basis (computed as the taxable profit deducted of tax losses carried forward) at a 
rate of 21 per cent., 17 per cent. on the first €25,000 in the case of small or medium-sized enterprises as defined 
by law and subject to the de minimis rule of the EU. A municipal surcharge, at variable rates according to the 
decision of the municipal bodies, up to 1.5 per cent. of the taxable profit, may also apply. Moreover, corporate 
taxpayers are also subject to a State surcharge of 3 per cent., for a taxable income from €1,500,000.00 to 
€7,500,000.00, of 5 per cent., for a taxable income from €7,500,000.00 to €35,000,000.00, or of 9 per cent. for 
a taxable income exceeding €35,000,000.00. 
Corporate entities not resident for tax purposes in Portugal and without a permanent establishment 
to which income associated with the Notes is imputable  
Acquisition of Notes for consideration 
The acquisition of Notes for consideration is not subject to Portuguese taxation. 
Income arising from the ownership of Notes  
Investment income arising to the Holders from the Notes is liable for IRC. IRC is withheld, at a 25 per cent. 
rate, when the investment income becomes due and payable, or upon a transfer of the Notes (in this last case, 
on the interest accrued since the last date on which the investment income became due and payable). This 
represents a final withholding, releasing the Holders from the obligation to disclose the above income to the

--- Page 183 ---
175 
Portuguese tax authorities and from the payment of any additional amount of IRC. If the Holder is an entity 
with domicile, legal seat or place of effective management in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly 
more favourable tax regime, listed in a Blacklisted Jurisdiction, the withholding tax rate is increased to 35 per 
cent. 
The 25 per cent. withholding tax rate referred above may be reduced pursuant to a Convention in force between 
Portugal and the country where the owner of the Notes is a resident for tax purposes, provided that both 
substantial and formal conditions on which the application of such benefit depends are duly observed. In broad 
terms, according to Portuguese tax law the formalities consist filling out a specific official form (Modelo 21-
RFI) supplemented with a document issued by the local tax authorities of the country of residence of the owner 
of the Notes attesting both the tax residency of the beneficiary entity and that this entity is subject to tax in 
accordance with the Convention. Such specific official form shall be deemed valid for 1 year. 
In any event, please refer to the section below entitled “Special debt securities tax regime” in order to assess 
whether a tax exemption is available. 
Capital gains and capital losses arising from the disposal of Notes for consideration  
Capital gains arising from the disposal of Notes for consideration should be exempt from taxation as long as 
they qualify as “securities” (valores mobiliários), unless the alienator is a tax resident, listed in a Blacklisted 
Jurisdiction, or more than 25 per cent. of the non resident entity’s capital is held by a resident person (except if 
the disposing entity complies with the legally established conditions and requirements). Furthermore, capital 
gains arising from the disposal of Notes for consideration by an alienator resident for tax purposes in a country 
with which there is a Convention in force with Portugal may be excluded from taxation, depending on the 
specific provisions of the Convention.  
In case the taxable event cannot be prevented, capital gains and capital losses are taken into consideration for 
purposes of computing the taxable profit for IRC purposes. The profit will be taxed at a 25 per cent. IRC rate, 
but a deduction of the costs necessary and effectively incurred in the relevant disposals is available.  
Losses arising from disposals for consideration in favour of counterparties with domicile, legal seat or place of 
effective management in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime, listed in 
a Blacklisted Jurisdiction, are disregarded for purposes of assessing the positive or negative balance referred to 
in the previous paragraph. 
In any event, please refer to the section below entitled “Special debt securities tax regime” in order to assess 
whether a tax exemption is available. 
Gratuitous acquisition of Notes 
The positive variation in worth (variação patrimonial positiva) arising from the gratuitous acquisition of Notes 
by corporate entities not resident for tax purposes in Portugal and without a permanent establishment to which 
they are imputable is taxed at a 25 per cent. rate. 
Special debt securities tax regime 
Overview  
Decree-Law No. 193/2005, of 7 November 2005, as amended from time to time, introduced a special tax regime 
applicable to income arising from debt securities (“STRIDS”).  
Under the STRIDS investment income arising from and capital gains obtained on the disposal of the Notes, as 
securities integrated in a centralised system managed by Portuguese resident entities such as the Central de 
Valores Mobiliários, managed by Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e Sistemas

--- Page 184 ---
176 
Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A., may be exempt from tax, provided that the following requirements 
are cumulatively met:  
(a) 
the beneficial owners have no residence, head office, effective management or permanent establishment 
in the Portuguese territory to which the income is attributable; and  
(b) 
the beneficial owners are either (i) central banks and government agencies; or (ii) international 
organisations recognised by the Portuguese state; or (iii) entities resident in a country or jurisdiction with 
which Portugal has entered into a Convention or a Tax Information Exchange Agreement (“TIEA”) 
currently in force; or (iv) other non–resident entities which are not resident in a country, territory or 
region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime, as listed in a Blacklisted Jurisdiction. Beneficial 
owners resident in a Blacklisted Jurisdiction may still qualify if a Convention or a TIEA between 
Portugal and such jurisdiction is in force (which is the case of some of the most commonly used offshore 
jurisdictions).  
In order to apply, the STRIDS requires completion of certain procedures and certifications providing evidence 
of the non-resident status of the beneficial owner of the Notes. Under these rules, the direct register entity is to 
obtain and keep proof, in the form described below, that the beneficial owner is a non-resident entity entitled to 
the exemption. As a general rule, the proof of non-residence should be provided to, and received by, the direct 
register entities prior to the relevant date of payment of any interest (or prior to the redemption date, as 
applicable), or prior to their transfer, as the case may be.  
A general description of the rules and procedures on the evidence required for the exemption to apply at source 
is set out below with respect to domestic cleared notes such as the Notes.  
The beneficial owner of the Notes must provide proof of non-residence in the Portuguese territory substantially 
in the following terms: 
(i) 
If the beneficial owner of the Notes is a central bank, a public law entity or agency or an international 
organisation recognised by the Portuguese state, a declaration of tax residence issued by the beneficial 
owner itself, duly signed and authenticated or evidenced pursuant to paragraph (ii) or (iv) below; 
(ii) 
If the beneficial owner is a credit institution, a financial company, pension fund or an insurance company 
domiciled in any OECD country or in a country or jurisdiction with which Portugal has entered into a 
Convention, and is subject to a special supervision regime or administrative registration, certification 
shall be made by means of the following: (a) its tax identification; or (b) a certificate issued by the entity 
responsible for such supervision or registration confirming the legal existence of the beneficial owner 
and its domicile; or (c) proof of non-residence, pursuant to the terms of paragraph (iv) below; 
(iii) 
If the beneficial owner of the Notes is either an investment fund or other type of collective investment 
undertaking domiciled in any OECD country or any country with which Portugal has entered into a 
Convention or TIEA, certification shall be provided by means of any of the following documents: (a) 
declaration issued by the entity which is responsible for its registration or supervision or by the tax 
authorities, confirming its legal existence and the law of its incorporation; or (b) proof of non-residence 
pursuant to the terms of paragraph (iv) below; 
(iv) 
In any other case, confirmation must be made by way of (a) a certificate of residence or equivalent 
document issued by the relevant tax authorities; or (b) a document issued by the relevant Portuguese 
consulate certifying residence abroad; or (c) a document specifically issued by an official entity of the 
public administration (either central, regional or peripheral, indirect or autonomous) of the relevant 
country certifying the residence; for these purposes, an identification document such as a passport or an

--- Page 185 ---
177 
identity card or document by means of which it is only indirectly possible to assume the relevant tax 
residence (such as a work or permanent residency permit) is not acceptable. 
There are rules on the authenticity and validity of the documents mentioned in paragraph (iv) above, in 
particular that the beneficial owner of the Notes must provide an original or a certified copy of the residence 
certificate or equivalent document. This document must be issued up until three months after the date on which 
the withholding tax would have been applied and will be valid for a three-year period, counting from the date 
such document is issued. The beneficial owner of the Notes must inform the register entity immediately of any 
change that may preclude the tax exemption from applying. For the cases mentioned in paragraphs (i) to (iii) 
above, proof of non-residence is required only once, the beneficial owner having to inform the register entity 
of any changes that impact the entitlement to the exemption. 
No Portuguese exemption shall apply at source under the STRIDS, if the above rules and procedures are not 
followed. Accordingly, the general Portuguese tax provisions shall apply.  
If the conditions for an exemption to apply are met, but, due to inaccurate or insufficient information, tax is 
withheld, a special refund procedure is available under the STRIDS, whereby the refund claim is to be submitted 
to the direct or indirect register entity of the Notes within six months from the date the withholding took place.  
The refund of withholding tax after the above six-month period is to be claimed to the Portuguese tax authorities 
within two years from the end of the year in which the tax was withheld. The refund is to be made within three 
months, after which interest is due. 
The form currently applicable for the above purposes were approved by Order (Despacho) no. 2937/2014 of 
the Portuguese Secretary of State for Tax Affairs, published in the Portuguese official gazette, 2nd series, No. 
37, of 21 February 2014 and may be available for viewing and downloading at www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer is a 
foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Portugal) have entered into, 
or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA 
(“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the 
application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding 
would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the 
Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior 
to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are 
published in the U.S. Federal Register and instruments characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal income tax purposes that are issued on or prior 
to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are 
filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding 
(“grandfathered instruments”) unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution 
of the Issuer). However, if additional instruments that are not distinguishable from previously issued 
grandfathered instruments are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all instruments, including the grandfathered 
instruments, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding 
how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay 
Additional Amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 186 ---
178 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
The Dealers have, in a dealer agreement (as may be amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, 
the “Dealer Agreement”) dated 1 September 2022, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of 
them may from time to time agree to subscribe for Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters 
stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer 
has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme. 
Selling restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). 
Each Dealer has agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell 
or deliver the Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion 
of the distribution of such an identifiable Tranche, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance 
period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons of any identifiable Tranche of Notes. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulations S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United 
States by any dealer that is participating in the offering of such Notes may violate the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. 
Each purchaser of Notes outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and every subsequent purchaser of 
such Notes in resales prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, will be deemed to have 
represented, agreed and acknowledged that: (a) the Notes are being offered and sold outside of the United States 
to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S; and (b) this Note has not been and will not be registered under 
the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United 
States and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred within the United States except pursuant 
to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer represents, undertakes and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, undertake and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the 
purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 187 ---
179 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer represents, undertakes and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, undertake and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the 
purposes of this provision, the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:  
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Notes be distributed 
in Italy, except, in accordance with any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 188 ---
180 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver any 
Notes or distribute any copy of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in Italy except:  
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the 
“Financial Services Act”) and Italian CONSOB regulation, all as amended from time to time; or  
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation and Article 34-ter of Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from 
time to time, and applicable Italian laws. 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be:  
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in Italy 
in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the 
“Banking Act”) and CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, all as amended from time 
to time;  
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the implementing 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the 
Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or 
any other Italian authority. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause 
the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
SFA pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with 
the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,

--- Page 189 ---
181 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Switzerland 
No Notes may be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to admit any Notes to trading on any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to any Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to any Notes may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Canada 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of 
the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration 
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in 
accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable 
securities laws. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change 
in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Final Terms issued in 
respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering 
of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any 
Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms in all cases at its own expense.

--- Page 190 ---
182 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Novo Banco, S.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 5493009W2E2YDCXY6S81 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES (ECPS) ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each 
as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market.] Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)][distributor] 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; [or] (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II[; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”)]. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them

--- Page 191 ---
183 
 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”)][EUWA]; [or] (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”)][the Insurance Distribution Directive], where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of [Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK MiFIR”)][the UK MiFIR][; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129][the Prospectus Regulation] as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”)]. Consequently, no key information document 
required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 of Singapore (as amended, the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies 
all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets 
products][capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and are [Excluded][Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products.]10 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 1 September 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [●]] [which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”)][the Prospectus Regulation]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus.]11 Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Final Terms and the Base Prospectus are 
available for inspection at the office of the Issuer[, the website of the Central Bank, www.centralbank.ie (for so 
long as the Central Bank decides to provide a service of publishing such documents on its website) and on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin/bonds/list]. 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Novo Banco, S.A. 
2. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
10 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer. 
11 Delete this statement and any other references to the Prospectus Regulation in these Final Terms in the case of an issuance of unlisted Notes 
and an issuance of Notes which will not be admitted to trading on a regulated market.

--- Page 192 ---
184 
 
 
[(iii)] 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [insert description of the 
Series] on [insert date/the Issue Date].] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount of Notes: 
 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[●] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denomination[(s)]: 
[●] 
7. 
(i) 
 
Issue Date:  
[●] 
 
(ii)  
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify/Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest [specify month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate Notes] 
[[●] per cent. Reset Notes] 
[[EURIBOR] +/– [●] per cent. Floating Rate 
Notes] 
[Zero Coupon Notes] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their principal 
amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
12. 
Call Options:  
[Call Option]  
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred Notes/Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes/Tier 2 Notes] 
 
(ii) 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii)  
Interest Payment Date[(s)]: 
[●] in each year

--- Page 193 ---
185 
 
 
(iii)  
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
 
(iv)  
Broken Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Specified Denomination, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v)  
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis] 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
(vi)  
Determination Date[(s)]: 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable] 
15. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable annually/semi-
annually/ quarterly/ monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii)  
First Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii)  
Subsequent Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(iv)  
Reset Note Interest Payment 
Date[(s)]: 
[●] in each year commencing on [●] and ending 
on [●] 
 
(v)  
First Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi)  
Second Reset Date: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vii)  
Subsequent Reset Date: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii)  
Business Centre[(s)]: 
[●] 
 
(ix)  
Reset Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate]/[Mean Mid-Swap 
Rate]/[Reference Bond] 
 
(x)  
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(xi)  
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
 
(xii)  
Fixed Leg Swap Duration: 
[●] 
 
(xiii)  
Benchmark Duration:  
[Fixed Leg Swap Duration/[●]] 
 
(xiv)  
Reset Rate Time:  
[●] 
 
(xv)  
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis] 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
(xvi)  
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 194 ---
186 
 
 
(i) 
 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (v) below 
 
(ii)  
Specified Period(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii)  
Interest Period Date[(s)] 
[●] 
 
(iv)  
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(v)  
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention]12 
 
(vi)  
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii)  
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
Screen Rate Determination  
 
(viii)  
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
[Applicable]  
 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR] 
[Insert other applicable reference rates included in 
terms and conditions] 
 
 
– Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[[●] Business Days prior to each Interest Payment 
Date] 
 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(ix)  
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)] 
 
(x)  
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi)  
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii)  
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii)  
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis] 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
(xiv)  
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable] 
 
12 Interest periods should be adjusted in case any business day convention other than the Following Business Day convention is used, in light of 
ECB Guidance on AMI/SeCo CA Standard 6. As of November 2023, in order to be compliant with the Single Collateral Management Rulebook 
for Europe Guidance – Corporate Actions Standard 6, Interbolsa can only accept securities with the business day conventions other than the 
Following Business Day Convention if the corresponding interest periods are adjusted accordingly.

--- Page 195 ---
187 
 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii)  
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis] 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
(iii)  
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii)  
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[●] per Specified Denomination/Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount] 
 
(iii)  
Make-Whole Reference Bond: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv)  
Quotation Time: 
[●] 
 
(v)  
Redemption Margin: 
[[●] per cent./Not Applicable] 
 
(vi)  
Reference Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(vii)  
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
 
(viii)  
Notice period: 
[As per Condition 4(f)] 
[Minimum period: [●] days 
Maximum period: [●] days] 
19. 
Clean-up Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
 
Clean-up Call Minimum 
Percentage: 
[As per the Conditions/specify] 
 
(ii)  
Clean-up Call Option Amount: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
 
(iii)  
Notice periods: 
[Minimum period: [●] days] 
 
 
 
[Maximum period: [●] days]  
 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount:

--- Page 196 ---
188 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Specified Denomination payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons[,on a 
Capital Disqualification Event][ on a 
Loss Absorption Disqualification Event] 
or on event of default (as described in 
Condition 6): 
[[●] per Specified Denomination]/[[Amortised 
Face Amount] [Amortised Face Amount for Zero 
Coupon Note]] 
22. 
Substitution and Variation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. [Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date [and place] of 
payment, and not the end date of the interest period 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub-paragraphs 15(ix) and 
16(vi) relate]] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source).  
The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is 
able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 197 ---
189 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing 
 
(i) 
Listing 
and 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin and to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin with effect from [●]. 
No assurance can be given that such listing will be obtained 
and/or maintained/Not Applicable]. 
 
[(ii) [Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
Ratings 
 
Ratings: 
[The following ratings reflect the ratings assigned to Notes of 
this type issued under the Programme generally:] 
 
 
The Notes are expected to be rated [●] by [DBRS]/[ Moody’s] 
[on or shortly after the Issue Date]. 
 
 
No assurance can be given that such rating will be obtained 
and/or retained. 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme generally 
or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
(Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this 
has previously been published by the rating provider.) 
 
 
(Include appropriate Credit Rating Agency Regulation 
(1060/2009) (“EU CRA Regulation”) or Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) disclosure) 
 
 
[A list of rating agencies registered under the CRA Regulation 
can 
be 
found 
at 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk).] 
[The UK CRA Regulation rating agency register can be found at 
(https://register.fca.org.uk/s/).] 
3. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions 
with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
(Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
4.  
Estimated Net Proceeds  
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
Use of proceeds: 
Give details if different from the “Use of Proceeds” section in 
the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 198 ---
190 
 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – Yield 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters].] 
6. 
Operational Information 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
CFI: 
[[●], as updated, as set out on the website of the Association of 
National Number Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable] 
 
FISN: 
[[●], as updated, as set out on the website of the Association of 
National Number Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN /Not Applicable] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or available, 
it/they should be specified to be “Not Applicable”) 
 
Trade Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de 
Sistemas de Liquidação e de 
Sistemas Centralizados de Valores 
Mobiliários, S.A and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)[and address(es)]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Name and address of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be registered with Interbolsa – 
Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas 
Centralizados de Valores Mobiliários, S.A. in its capacity of 
securities settlement system and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] 
7. 
Distribution 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]

--- Page 199 ---
191 
 
 
 
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2] TEFRA Not Applicable 
 
(v) [Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products or 
the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” should be specified.)] 
 
(vi) [Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products or 
the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Applicable” should be specified.)]

--- Page 200 ---
192 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the 
establishment of the Programme. The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of 
the Executive Board of Directors of the Issuer passed on 24 August 2022. 
Approval and Listing 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as a base prospectus. Application has 
been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on the Market. The Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or 
further stock exchange(s) or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer 
may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
No significant change 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Group since 30 June 2022. 
Save as disclosed in “Risk Factors—Risks relating to the Issuer—Risks relating to the Issuer’s business—The 
Resolution Fund may fail to make or be prevented from making payments under the Contingent Capital 
Agreement”, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 31 
December 2021.  
Litigation 
Save as disclosed above in “Description of the Issuer and of the Group—Legal, Administrative and Arbitration 
Proceedings”, the Group is not, and has not been, involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months 
preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on 
the financial position or profitability of the Group.  
Clearing systems 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through Interbolsa. The Common Code, the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing 
system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. The address of Interbolsa is 
Avenida da Boavista, no. 3433, 4100-138, Porto, Portugal. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi 
Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-
1855 Luxembourg. The address of any Alternative Clearing System will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Issuer is 5493009W2E2YDCXY6S81.

--- Page 201 ---
193 
 
Documents available 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents will be available 
at the website of the Issuer:  
(a) 
the Instrument (which includes the form of the Notes) (https://www.novobanco.pt/english/investor-
relations/debt-issuance/senior-debt); 
(b) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer 
(https://www.novobanco.pt/site/images/inst/ARTICLES_OF_ASSOCIATION.pdf);  
(c) 
the audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Group and related audit report for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2021 
(https://www.novobanco.pt/content/dam/novobancopublicsites/docs/pdfs/relatorio-e-
contas/NovoBanco_AnnualReport2021_Non-ESEF.pdf); 
(d) 
the audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Group and related audit report for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2020 
(https://www.novobanco.pt/site/cms.aspx?srv=207&stp=1&id=1048354&fext=.pdf);  
(e) 
the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial information of the Group and related limited 
review report for the six months ended 30 June 2022 
(https://www.novobanco.pt/content/dam/novobancopublicsites/docs/pdfs/relatorio-e-
contas/Report%20and%20Accounts_novobanco_1H22_EN.pdf);   
(f) 
a 
copy 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
(https://www.novobanco.pt/english/investor-relations/debt-
issuance/senior-debt), together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus; and 
(g) 
each Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus) and the Final Terms for Notes that 
are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Market will be published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).  
Except where such information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, the contents of 
the Issuer’s website, any website mentioned in this Base Prospectus or any website directly or indirectly linked 
to these websites have not been verified and do not form part of this Base Prospectus and investors should not 
rely on such information. 
Independent Auditors 
The financial statements of the Issuer for the financial periods ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 
have been audited in accordance with IFRS and have been reported on without qualification by Ernst & Young 
Audit & Associados – SROC, S.A. Ernst & Young Audit & Associados – SROC, S.A. is a member of Institute 
of Certified Public Accountants (“OROC”) and registered with the CMVM with number 20161480. 
Ernst & Young Audit & Associados – SROC, S.A. performed a limited review of the unaudited interim 
condensed consolidated financial statements of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2022.

--- Page 202 ---
194 
 
Listing agent 
Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection with 
the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the Market for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Conditions for determining price 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the applicable Final 
Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does not intend to provide any 
post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes. 
Conflicts of interest  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to, the Issuer and/or its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets 
in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not 
limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as 
principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in 
the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array 
of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates routinely hedge their credit exposures to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may 
also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 203 ---
A48073829 
ISSUER 
Novo Banco, S.A. 
Avenida da Liberdade, 195 
1250-142 Lisbon 
Portugal 
ARRANGER  
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DEALERS  
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
PAYING AGENT AND AGENT BANK  
Novo Banco, S.A. 
Avenida da Liberdade, 195 
1250-142 Lisbon 
Portugal 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English Law 
To the Dealers as to English Law 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
To the Issuer as to Portuguese Law 
To the Dealers as to Portuguese Law 
Linklaters 
Avenida Fontes Pereira de Melo 
14 – 15th floor 
1050-121 Lisbon 
Portugal 
Vieira de Almeida & Associados,  
Sociedade de Advogados SP R.L. 
Rua Dom Luís I, 28 
1250-151 Lisbon 
Portugal

--- Page 204 ---
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
Ernst & Young Audit & Associados – SROC, S.A. 
Av. Da Republica 90 
1700-157 Lisbon 
Portugal 
LISTING AGENT 
Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP 
75 St. Stephen’s Green 
Dublin 2 
 Ireland