--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
Novo Nordisk A/S 
(incorporated with limited liability in Denmark) 
Novo Nordisk Finance (Netherlands) B.V. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Netherlands) 
€5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed 
in the case of each issuance by Novo Nordisk Finance (Netherlands) B.V. by 
Novo Nordisk A/S 
(incorporated with limited liability in Denmark) 
 
Under this €5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Novo Nordisk A/S (Novo Nordisk, and in its capacity as guarantor of Notes 
issued by Novo Nordisk Finance (Netherlands) B.V., the Guarantor) and Novo Nordisk Finance (Netherlands) B.V. (Novo Nordisk Finance and, together with 
Novo Nordisk, the Issuers and each an Issuer) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealers (as defined below). 
References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Issuer shall, in relation to any issue or proposed issue of Notes, be references to whichever of Novo Nordisk or 
Novo Nordisk Finance is specified as the Issuer of such Notes in the applicable final terms document (the Final Terms) or, in the case of an issuance of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable pricing supplement document (the Pricing Supplement). 
The payments of all amounts due in respect of the Notes issued by Novo Nordisk Finance will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor. 
If the relevant Issuer of a Series of Notes is Novo Nordisk, references herein to Guarantor and Guarantee, and related expressions, are not applicable and shall be 
disregarded in respect of such Series. 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively Bearer Notes and Registered Notes). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from 
time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed 
under the Programme from time to time by the relevant Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an 
ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than 
one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers, the Guarantor or 
of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market) of the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) or on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or superseded, 
MiFID II) and/or that are to be offered to the public in any member state (Member State) of the European Economic Area (the EEA) in circumstances that 
require the publication of a prospectus. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be 
admitted to its official list (the Official List) and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin.  
The Euronext Dublin Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. References in this Base Prospectus to the Notes being listed (and all 
related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on 
the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus is in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) only applies to Notes which are admitted to 
trading on a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (UK MiFIR) and/or offered to the public in the UK other than in circumstances where an exemption is 
available under section 86 of the FSMA. References in this Base Prospectus to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation and FSMA. The Central Bank of Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in 
connection with Exempt Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, the Central Bank of Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed this Base Prospectus for any purpose 
under the FSMA or any other UK legislation.

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is 
applicable to each Tranche (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will (other than in the case of Exempt Notes, as defined above) be set 
out in the applicable Final Terms which will be delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland and, where listed, Euronext Dublin. 
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website of Euronext Dublin. In the case of Exempt Notes, 
notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is 
applicable to each Tranche will be set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by Novo Nordisk Finance) and the relevant Dealer. The relevant Issuer may also 
issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and 
may not be offered, distributed or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of 
the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) – 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product 
classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the SFA). 
The relevant Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any 
such legend included on the relevant Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for the purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.  
Novo Nordisk has been rated AA- by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) and A1 by Moody’s France S.A.S. (Moody’s). S&P and Moody’s are established 
in the EEA and both are registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such, each of S&P and Moody’s is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Each of S&P and Moody’s is not established in the UK. Accordingly Novo Nordisk’s ratings issued 
by S&P and Moody’s have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Moody’s Investors Service Limited respectively, in accordance with Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation) and have 
not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by S&P and Moody’s may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to Novo Nordisk by the relevant rating agency. A security 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes (as defined below) will be calculated by reference to one of CIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Norske Finansielle Referanser AS, the administrator of NIBOR, the European Money Markets 
Institute, the administrator of EURIBOR, and Danish Financial Benchmark Facility ApS, the administrator of CIBOR are included in ESMA's register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator 
of STIBOR is not included in ESMA's register of administrators under the Benchmarks Regulation. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, as far as the Issuers 
are aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility, the administrator 
of STIBOR, is not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
Arranger 
 
CITIGROUP 
Dealers 
CITIGROUP 
DANSKE BANK  
DEUTSCHE BANK 
HANDELSBANKEN CAPITAL MARKETS 
HSBC 
ING 
J.P. MORGAN 
MUFG 
MORGAN STANLEY 
NORDEA  
NYKREDIT BANK A/S 
SEB  
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 20 May 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used 
in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor each accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best 
of the knowledge of each Issuer and the Guarantor, the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus 
shall be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
The information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
The Dealers and the Arranger have not independently verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the Arranger as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuers or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. No Dealer 
or Arranger accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuers or the Guarantor 
in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers or the 
Arranger to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent 
with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or any Notes is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation, nor should it be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any 
Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its 
own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuers and/or the Guarantor. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any 
Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the 
Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuers and/or the 
Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. The Dealers and Arranger expressly do not undertake to review the 
financial condition or affairs of the Issuers or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to 
advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their 
attention. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms or any drawdown prospectus in 
respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
 
EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97 
(the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended or superseded, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms or any drawdown prospectus in respect 
of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition 
of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) – The Final Terms  (or Pricing Supplement, in the 
case of Exempt Notes) in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and 
Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to 
section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the SFA). 
The relevant Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes 
being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the relevant Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for the 
purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms or drawdown 
prospectus in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms or drawdown 
prospectus in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Produce 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers and the Arranger (including for the avoidance of doubt 
their respective branches and affiliates) do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken 
by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers or the Arranger (including for the avoidance of doubt their 
respective branches and affiliates) which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution 
of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes 
may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or 
other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that 
will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA 
(including Belgium, Denmark and the Netherlands), the UK and Japan; see "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to Novo Nordisk has 
been derived from (i) the audited consolidated financial statements of Novo Nordisk for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 and (ii) the unaudited interim financial statements of 
Novo Nordisk in respect of the three-month period ended 31 March 2021 (together, the Financial 
Statements). 
Novo Nordisk's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific 
year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The Financial Statements have been 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board and in accordance with IFRS as endorsed by the EU and further 
requirements in the Danish Financial Statements Act. 
Novo Nordisk Finance was incorporated on 12 April 2021 and is yet to prepare financial information. As 
such, this Base Prospectus does not contain separate financial information for Novo Nordisk Finance. 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus. 
In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below: 
 
euro, EUR and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, 
as amended; 
 
Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling;  
 
Danish krone or DKK refer to the lawful currency of Denmark; and 
 
U.S.$, U.S. dollars or USD refer to the lawful currency for the time being of the United States. 
References to a billion are to a thousand million. 
References to Novo Nordisk or the Group are to Novo Nordisk A/S, CVR-No. 24256790 and its 
Subsidiaries taken as a whole except where it is clear from the context that the term means Novo Nordisk 
A/S, and except that references and matters relating to the shares and share capital of Novo Nordisk A/S or 
matters of corporate governance shall refer to shares, share capital and corporate governance of Novo 
Nordisk A/S. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law 
is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 7 ---
- vii - 
 
 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are 
legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement or drawdown prospectus may over-allot Notes or 
effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
- viii - 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
Any information sourced from third parties contained in this Base Prospectus has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuers and the Guarantor are aware and are able to ascertain from information 
published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, 'forward looking statements'. 
These forward looking statements can be identified by the use of forward looking terminology, including 
the terms 'believes', 'estimates', 'anticipates', 'expects', 'intends', 'may', 'will', or 'should' or, in each case, 
their negative or other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans, 
objectives, goals, future events or intentions. These forward looking statements include all matters that are 
not historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this document and include, but are not 
limited to, the following: statements regarding the intentions, beliefs or current expectations of the relevant 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor concerning, amongst other things, the results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies of the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor and the industry in which 
the Group operates. 
By their nature, forward looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events 
and circumstances. Forward looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the actual 
results of the relevant Issuer's and/or the Guarantor's operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the 
development of the industry in which the Group operates may differ materially from those described in, or 
suggested by, the forward looking statements contained in this document. In addition, even if the results of 
operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industry in which the Group 
operates, are consistent with the forward looking statements contained in this document, those results or 
developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 
These and other factors are discussed in more detail under "Risk Factors", "Description of Novo Nordisk" 
and "Description of Novo Nordisk Finance". Many of these factors are beyond the control of the Issuers 
and/or the Guarantor. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialise, or should underlying 
assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those described in this document as 
anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. Except to the extent required by laws and regulations, the 
Issuers and the Guarantor do not intend, and do not assume any obligation, to update any forward looking 
statements set out in this Base Prospectus. Neither the Dealers nor the Arranger take any responsibility for 
any forward looking statements.

--- Page 9 ---
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 7 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 22 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 25 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................. 28 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT ................................................................................................ 42 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 56 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 92 
DESCRIPTION OF NOVO NORDISK FINANCE ................................................................................... 93 
DESCRIPTION OF NOVO NORDISK ....................................................................................................... 94 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................... 98 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 103 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 108

--- Page 10 ---
- 1 - 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement). The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and any relevant Dealer(s) may agree 
that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which 
event, in the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, and if appropriate, a new Base Prospectus, a 
drawdown prospectus or a supplement to the Base Prospectus, will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuers: 
Novo Nordisk  
Novo Nordisk Finance  
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier: 
Novo Nordisk: 549300DAQ1CVT6CXN342 
Novo Nordisk Finance: 549300X0PCJ6M2JZQW91 
Guarantor: 
Novo Nordisk (in the case of issues of Notes by Novo Nordisk 
Finance) 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect an Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
There are also certain factors that may affect the Guarantor's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee. In addition, 
there are certain factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under 
the Programme and risks relating to the structure of a particular 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out 
under "Risk Factors". 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Dealers: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Danske Bank A/S 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
HSBC Continental Europe 
ING Bank N.V. 
J.P. Morgan AG  
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Nykredit Bank A/S

--- Page 11 ---
- 2 - 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see "Subscription and Sale") including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits 
for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the FSMA unless they are issued to a 
limited class of professional investors and have a denomination 
of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see "Subscription and 
Sale". 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuers and the Guarantor may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes 
may be denominated in any currency agreed between the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and the 
relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, a partly-paid basis and at an issue price which is 
at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes in bearer form will not be exchangeable for Notes in 
registered form, and Notes in registered form will not be 
exchangeable for Notes in bearer form.

--- Page 12 ---
- 3 - 
 
See "Form of the Notes" below. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) 
and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., 
and as supplemented, amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement)); 
or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and 
the relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and 
the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount (or 
premium) to their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Exempt Notes: 
The relevant Issuer may issue Exempt Notes which are Index 
Linked Notes, Dual Currency Notes, Partly Paid Notes or Notes 
redeemable in one or more instalments. 
 
Index Linked Notes: Payments of principal in respect of Index 
Linked Redemption Notes or of interest in respect of Index 
Linked Interest Notes will be calculated by reference to such 
index and/or formula or to changes in the prices of securities or 
commodities or to such other factors as the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
Dual Currency Notes: Payments (whether in respect of 
principal or interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) in 
respect of Dual Currency Notes will be made in such currencies, 
and based on such rates of exchange, as the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the relevant Dealer may agree.

--- Page 13 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
Partly Paid Notes: The relevant Issuer may issue Notes in 
respect of which the issue price is paid in separate instalments 
in such amounts and on such dates as the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
Notes redeemable in instalments: The relevant Issuer may 
issue Notes which may be redeemed in separate instalments in 
such amounts and on such dates as the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor may agree with any 
Dealer that Exempt Notes may be issued in a form not 
contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in 
which event the relevant provisions will be included in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that the 
relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
(other than in the case of Exempt Notes in specified instalments, 
if applicable, or for taxation reasons or following an Event of 
Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of 
the relevant Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to 
the Noteholders or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, on a 
date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a 
price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year" 
above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) 
and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency, see "Certain Restrictions - Notes having a 
maturity of less than one year" above, and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note (other than an Exempt 
Note) will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes 
and Coupons by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer or, as the 
case may be, the Guarantor will be made without withholding 
or deduction for or on account of any present of future taxes 
imposed by a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8 
(Taxation)), unless such withholding is required by law. In the 
event that any such withholding or deduction is made, the 
relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will, save 
in certain circumstances provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), be 
required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so 
deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision 
as further described in Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge).

--- Page 14 ---
- 5 - 
 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 10 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4.1 (Negative 
Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and will 
rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all 
other 
unsecured 
obligations 
(other 
than 
subordinated 
obligations, if any) of the relevant Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding. 
Guarantee: 
Notes issued by Novo Nordisk Finance will be unconditionally 
and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor. The obligations 
of the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the 
Guarantor and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by law) rank equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the 
Guarantor, from time to time outstanding. 
Rating: 
The Programme has not been rated by any rating agency. Series 
of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed 
in the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). A security rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
Listing: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be listed on the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to the relevant Series. Notes which 
are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also 
be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Notes) will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if 
so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the Guarantee 
will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA (including Belgium, Denmark, 
and the Netherlands), the UK and Japan and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering

--- Page 15 ---
- 6 - 
 
and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and 
Sale". 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes).

--- Page 16 ---
- 7 - 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Before making an investment decision, prospective investors should carefully review the specific risk 
factors described below, together with other information contained in this Base Prospectus. The Issuers 
and the Guarantor believe that the following factors may affect the relevant Issuer's and/or the Guarantor's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes or under the Guarantee (as applicable). Most of these factors 
are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuers and the Guarantor are not in a position to 
express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. The relevant Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor's business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially affected by each of 
these risks presented. Other risks and uncertainties not described herein could also affect the relevant 
Issuer's and/or the Guarantor's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes or under the Guarantee (as 
applicable). Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Issuers and the Guarantor, or 
that the Issuers and the Guarantor currently believe are immaterial, could impair the ability of the relevant 
Issuer's and/or the Guarantor's to fulfil its obligations under the Notes or under the Guarantee (as 
applicable). Certain other matters regarding the operations of the Issuers and the Guarantor that should 
be considered before making an investment in the Notes are set out, in the section "Information about the 
Issuer", amongst other places. 
Words and expressions defined in the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE GROUP AND THE ABILITY OF THE RELEVANT 
ISSUER TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
AND (IF APPLICABLE) THE ABILITY OF THE GUARANTOR TO FULFIL ITS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE GUARANTEE  
Research and Development Risks  
Delays or failures in the research and development of pipeline products and treatments 
 
The Group commits substantial resources to research and development each year to develop innovative 
products and treatments for its customers and patients. In 2020, the Group spent approximately DKK 15.5 
billion on research and development, amounting to 12.2% of its net sales for that year. Nevertheless, this 
process is often complex, lengthy, and difficult to predict, with no assurance that all the Group’s products 
approved or launched will achieve commercial success. As such, the Group’s consistent and significant 
investment in research and development activities could result in increased costs without a proportionate 
increase in revenues for a given project/product, which would negatively affect its operating results and 
profitability. 
 
The Group’s research and testing processes have been geared to develop novel yet marketable products – 
as a result, the Group’s targets relating to safety, efficacy and quality may not always be achieved and the 
Group may have to abandon a relatively developed project despite high levels of incurred costs. 
Development of products that fail to meet such standards risk affecting the Group’s reputation and market 
position. 
 
The regulatory environments the Group operates in also impose restrictions on the timeline and activity the 
Group is able to take with regards to research and development. The Group is often subject to strict 
regulatory controls on the processes for its pipeline products, including their development, manufacturing, 
distribution and marketing. Such regulatory criteria vary by market and are often completely independent 
of each other. External factors including scientific and technological advances, benefit/risk tolerance by 
regulatory authorities, new laws and policies as well as general public sentiment also influence this sphere. 
While the Group is aware of and seeks to manage these risks, they may still cause delays in regulatory 
reviews and approvals which in turn could delay the Group's ability to market its products and may 
adversely affect its revenue.  
The competitive nature of the industry in which the Group operates means a pipeline product or treatment 
considered as promising at the beginning of its development may become less attractive or lose viability if 
a competitor addressing the same need reaches the market earlier or is patented first, which may result in 
an adverse impact on the eventual sales of such product due to a portion of the needs of the market being 
met by pre-existing competitor products.

--- Page 17 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
Finally, establishing all side effects of an approved product goes beyond data derived from pre-clinical and 
clinical testing, which involve a limited number of set controls and patients. Notwithstanding the Group’s 
rigorous efforts to produce a safe and effective product, unanticipated side effects may only surface after 
prolonged usage of a certain product or at the point it is fully introduced into the market – for example, 
those that are long-term or rare and population-specific. Although the Group remains vigilant and adaptable 
to routinely review and analyse such effects, the surfacing of such effects is unpredictable and could result 
in a negative impact on sales of the product in question and reputational damage to the Group.  
 
Limitation, invalidation or circumvention of patent and other proprietary rights for the Group’s existing 
and pipeline products 
Patent and other proprietary rights, such as regulatory data exclusivity, supplementary protection 
certificates or orphan drug status, provide the Group with exclusive rights to its products. This allows the 
Group to recoup its investment in research and development and create long-term value. 
Loss of such exclusivity for existing and pipeline products, for example any reduction in the term, 
availability or scope of patent rights, compulsory licensing or challenge to patents critical to the protection 
of the Group’s commercial products and pipeline candidates, could allow competitors to enter the market 
prior to expectations which in turn could affect pricing and sales, materially and adversely affecting the 
Group’s financial results.  
Whilst the Group routinely actively monitors for any infringement of its patents and takes steps that are 
intended to protect its patents and ensure their validity, there is no guarantee that the Group will be able to 
protect and maintain its patents and any other proprietary rights in respect of its products. A loss of 
exclusivity in respect of the Group’s existing or pipeline products may lead to a significant loss in sales and 
potentially have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial results. 
Certain regulatory proposals from governmental authorities in jurisdictions in which the Group operates 
(for example, altering the scope of patent or data exclusivity rights or accelerating the regulatory pathways 
for generic and biosimilar product approvals) could make it more difficult to secure adequate patent 
protection for the Group’s products and make protection of the Group’s patents more difficult.  
In addition, there is a risk that the Group’s commercial products or pipeline candidates are alleged by a 
competitor to infringe their patent or other proprietary rights resulting in legal proceedings being brought 
against the Group, which if adversely determined could result in injunctions and damages being awarded 
against the Group. Any such legal proceedings, whether brought by or against the Group, could result in 
significant costs and use of management time, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
financial results.  
 
Product Supply, Quality and Safety Risks 
Failure to deliver a continuous supply of product  
 
Many of the Group’s products are manufactured using technically complex processes requiring specialised 
facilities, trained and certified employees, highly specific raw materials and other production constraints. 
The complexity of these processes, as well as manufacturing standards, subject the Group to risks because 
the investigation and remediation of any identified or suspected problems can cause production delays, 
substantial expense, product recalls or lost sales and inventories, and delay the launch of new products. 
This could adversely affect the Group’s operating results and financial condition, and cause reputational 
damage and the risk of product liability.  
 
The Group is reliant on materials provided by third party suppliers to produce many of its products. The 
Group is therefore exposed to the risk of a supply shortage or interruption in its business in the event that 
these third parties are unable to manufacture and deliver their goods in a timely manner and in line with 
quality standards or if they experience financial difficulties. Furthermore, the Group’s supply chain 
operations are subject to constant review and approval by various regulatory agencies. Failure by the 
Group’s third party suppliers to meet their regulatory and related obligations could lead to litigation or 
regulatory action such as having sanctions imposed on them or having their licenses suspended. This may

--- Page 18 ---
- 9 - 
 
lead to such suppliers being unable to provide their goods to the Group, which in turn will materially affect 
the Group as it will not be able to use such goods to manufacture its products. 
 
The Group’s international operations and supply chain expose the Group’s workforce, facilities, operations 
and information technology to potential disruption from natural events (e.g. storm, earthquake), man-made 
events (e.g. trading barriers imposed at short notice, civil/political unrest, terrorism), and global 
emergencies (e.g. coronavirus outbreak, Ebola outbreak, flu pandemic), which could lead to a slowdown 
or temporary suspension in the production of its active pharmaceutical ingredients, raw materials and some 
of its products. Any of these factors could adversely affect the Group’s business, operating results or 
financial condition.  
 
The Group recognises that failure to supply its products or unexpected shortages can adversely impact 
consumers and patients who rely on the Group’s products. A material interruption of supply or exclusion 
from healthcare programmes could expose the Group to litigation or regulatory action and financial 
penalties that could adversely affect the Group’s financial results. Supply shortages generate even greater 
negative reactions when they occur with respect to life saving medicines with limited or no viable 
therapeutic alternatives. Shortages of specific products can have a negative impact on the confidence of 
patients, customers and professional healthcare providers, the image of the Group and may lead to lower 
product revenues that could adversely affect the Group’s financial results. 
Failure by the Group to ensure quality in product development 
 
A failure to ensure product quality could have far-reaching implications for the Group in terms of patient 
and consumer safety, delays in launching products, drug shortages and product recalls, as well as regulatory, 
legal and financial consequences, which could adversely affect the Group’s reputation, licences to operate 
and financial results. As with the rest of the pharmaceuticals industry, the Group works in a heavily 
regulated environment which is subject to continued evolution. It is necessary for the Group to have the 
appropriate controls in place to meet all regulations, including compliance with Good Manufacturing 
Practices and Good Distribution Practices as prescribed by the European Medicines Agency and United 
States Food and Drug Administration and comparable regulatory dossier conditions of approval in markets 
in which its products are licensed, manufactured or sold, and its own production standards.  
Commercialisation Risks 
Pricing, reimbursement and volume risks due to governmental policy and decisions of other third parties 
 
The commercial success of the Group’s existing and pipeline products is partially contingent on certain 
pricing, reimbursement and volume pressures, including government pricing and healthcare reforms in 
purchaser countries, purchaser use of international reference pricing to challenge pharmaceuticals pricing, 
use of tendering and grouped purchasing, changes to reimbursement schemes on the basis of cost-
effectiveness (including decreased rates and removal of certain drugs) and purchaser policies that favour 
generic (over branded) pharmaceutical products. As these pressures fluctuate based on shifting government 
policy and the interests of multiple stakeholders, it is difficult for the Group to predict their direction and 
impact at any point in time. In cases where government policies change particularly swiftly, the Group may 
take a longer time to respond appropriately and develop a well-considered strategy to protect the Group’s 
existing commercial performance. Failure to adapt suitably or in some cases, swiftly, could materially and 
adversely affect the Group’s financial results. 
 
Pricing and volume pressures also arise from the decisions and actions of other third parties. The adoption 
of aggressive pricing and marketing strategies by incumbent competitors and the entry of new competitors 
to the market could drive prices downwards and also affect volume. In the US market, sales rebates are 
paid in connection with public healthcare insurance programmes and to pharmacy benefit managers (PBMs) 
and managed healthcare plans. The Group’s key customers in the US include private customers, PBMs and 
government customers. PBMs and managed healthcare plans play a role in negotiating prices and 
concessions with drug manufacturers such as the Group and determine which drugs are covered on their 
formularies. Any sudden price pressure or change to their formularies could materially and adversely affect 
the Group’s revenues, profits, and financial results. 
 
Failure to ensure access to affordable care due to the commercialisation of healthcare

--- Page 19 ---
- 10 - 
 
Ensuring access and affordability to patients all over the world is an important responsibility for the Group, 
which seeks to effect this through collaborating with relevant stakeholders. However, in the short and 
medium term, access to affordable care remains a global issue and lack of such access is endemic in the 
industry as healthcare systems struggle to provide quality at a sustainable cost.  
 
A careful balance has to be struck, as failure to provide affordable access to healthcare will damage the 
Group’s reputation and the trust its customers and patients place in it, which may lead to an adverse impact 
on its sales and financial position in the mid to long term, whilst failure to market its products and treatments 
at a price that allows it to recoup the sunk costs of development will have an immediate effect on its financial 
standing. 
 
Risks arising due to global economic conditions and an unfavourable financial environment  
 
Any substantial and lasting slowdown in the global economy, major national economies or emerging 
markets could adversely affect the global pharmaceutical market and the Group’s business. An 
unfavourable financial environment could result in the scarcity of pharmaceutical funding sources and 
government austerity measures including drug price restrictions and the purchase of generic substitute drug 
products. High unemployment, increases in cost-sharing, and a regional disparity in developed third-party 
payer systems may influence patients to use cheaper substitute products, delay treatments or skip doses, 
each with the potential to have a significant adverse impact on the Group’s net sales. 
 
The United Kingdom (the UK) withdrew from the European Union (the EU) on January 31, 2020 (Brexit) 
and entered a transitional period, with the UK remaining in both the EU customs union and single market. 
The transition period ended on December 31, 2020 following the successful negotiation of a Free Trade 
Agreement (FTA) between the UK and the EU. The FTA reduces the potential impact of Brexit on the 
Group; however, uncertainty remains regarding areas such as supply chain management, pharmaceutical 
regulations and licensing requirements. Specifically, a Mutual Recognition Agreement on medicines, which 
would prevent the need for the retesting of medicines imported from the EU to the UK, has yet to be agreed. 
In addition, the Northern Ireland Protocol which formed part of the UK/EU Withdrawal Agreement came 
into force on January 1, 2021; however, it is subject to further negotiations, amendments and political 
uncertainty. Furthermore, patient uncertainty over the future supply of medicines and additional checks at 
the border that could lead to delays may pressure inventory levels. The Group has incurred cost building 
significant stock in UK warehouses and developing contingency plans for alternative transportation routes, 
including airfreight bookings, in the event of border delays. Until the trade negotiations are finalised, 
however, it is difficult to assess the overall effect that Brexit will have on the Group’s operations and hence 
the expected costs to be incurred and the ultimate impact of Brexit on its business and financial results 
remains uncertain. 
 
Risks of disruption in the development and maintenance of digital health solutions 
 
New digital technologies in healthcare allow the Group to deliver more value to its stakeholders and patients 
by offering personalised treatment and improved management of diseases. However, the new digital health 
solutions employed by the Group bring new risks in the form of quality and reliability issues, which can be 
unpredictable or difficult to immediately rectify given the nature of these technologies and the innovative 
nature of their development. The interlinked nature of the digital and online world also results in all digital 
systems being susceptible to slowdown or failure due to external causes such as the breakdown of hosting 
platforms or disrupted connectivity to the internet. There is therefore a risk of disruption in the development 
and maintenance of the Group’s digital health solutions. In addition, the Group’s competitors are also aware 
of the benefits that new digital technologies bring and strive to create their own digital health solutions 
which may be more efficient and advanced than the Group’s. Materialisation of either of the foregoing 
possibilities could have a significant adverse impact on the Group’s financial results and also harm the 
Group’s reputation. 
 
The digitalisation of the Group’s healthcare solutions also give rise to data regulation and privacy concerns 
(see “Failure to ensure compliance with legislation and industry codes applicable to the Group.”). 
Risks associated with the coronavirus outbreak  
 
In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak a pandemic. The COVID-
19 virus has spread from China to many other countries, with the number of reported cases and related

--- Page 20 ---
- 11 - 
 
deaths still increasing. Many governments have imposed stringent restrictions to seek to mitigate, or slow 
down, the spread of COVID-19, including restrictions on international and local travel, public gatherings 
and participation in business meetings, as well as closures of workplaces, schools, and other sites, and are 
requesting “social distancing”. The duration of such measures is highly uncertain, but could be prolonged, 
and stricter measures may be put in place (or, re-imposed, where previously lifted). The COVID-19 
pandemic has resulted and is expected to continue to result in a significant deterioration in economic 
conditions globally, including reduced productivity, increased unemployment levels, inflationary pressures, 
increased tax rates and/or disruptions to credit and capital markets. COVID-19 and other epidemics, 
pandemics or public health crises pose risks to employee health and safety, and the Group may experience 
reduced sales due to fewer patient visits to doctors, reduced ability to promote products to doctors, less 
healthcare spending on chronic diseases as resources are diverted to epidemiology management, a 
slowdown or temporary suspension in production and disruptions in the Group’s supply chain, and may be 
otherwise adversely affected by the impact on international trade and business activities. Any of the factors 
above could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, rating and results 
of operations. The magnitude of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Group will depend on future 
developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration 
of the outbreak and counter-measures, among others. 
IT Security Risks 
 
Breaches of and disruptions to information technology systems could result in financial, legal, 
business or reputational harm  
 
The Group relies on its IT systems to protect its intellectual property, business confidential information and 
personal data. Therefore, disruption as a result of cybersecurity breaches could negatively impact the 
Group’s business and operations or financial results. IT systems act as a backbone for the Group. They 
support processes in research and development, manufacturing, sales and supply, and business 
administration. As the Group has an international reach, the size and complexity of its IT systems are 
significant, and its IT infrastructure and networks are spread across the geographic regions in which it 
operates. The dedicated cybersecurity teams who operate the Group’s global IT security infrastructure may 
be unable to respond sufficiently to threats or may fail to prevent service interruptions or security breaches 
resulting from attacks by malicious third parties. Many of these cyber threats have the potential to cause 
significant downtime of critical IT systems or the unintended disclosure of confidential information and 
personal data. Although the Group has not previously experienced material losses as a result of such 
incidents, the Group cannot guarantee that it will be able to prevent similar incidents from recurring or 
adversely affecting its business in the future.  
Financial Risks 
Failure to accurately interpret and comply with current tax laws  
 
The Group’s effective tax rate reflects rates of tax in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates which 
regularly change, and such changes could affect the Group’s tax rate. In addition, the worldwide nature of 
the Group’s operations means that its intellectual property, research and development and manufacturing 
operations are located in several key jurisdictions. A consequence of this is that the Group’s cross-border 
supply routes, necessary to ensure supplies of medicines into numerous end markets, can be complex and 
result in conflicting claims from tax authorities as to the profits to be taxed in individual countries. Tax 
legislation itself is also complex and differs across the countries in which the Group operates. As such, tax 
risk can also arise due to the quickly-shifting nature of the legislation and differences in the interpretation 
of such legislation. This can manifest in the form of, for example, significant tax adjustments, disputes with 
tax authorities, fines and higher-than-expected tax levels. The tax charge included in the Group’s financial 
statements is the Group’s best estimate of tax liability pending audits by tax authorities.  
Changes in tax regimes could have a material impact on the Group's cash tax liabilities and tax charge, 
resulting in either an increase or a reduction in financial results depending upon the nature of the change. 
The resolution of tax disputes regarding the profits to be taxed in individual territories can result in a 
reallocation of profits between jurisdictions and an increase or decrease in related tax costs, and has the 
potential to affect the Group's cash flows, earnings per share and post-tax earnings. Claims, regardless of 
their merits or their outcome, are costly, divert management attention and may adversely affect the Group's 
reputation.

--- Page 21 ---
- 12 - 
 
The Group’s overall guiding principle within tax is to have a sustainable tax approach, emphasising the 
Group’s commercial approach to managing the impact of taxes while remaining true to its values of 
operating its business in a responsible and transparent manner. This means that tax is paid where value is 
generated and the Group always respects international and domestic tax rules. In relation to transfer pricing 
regulations, the Group applies a 'Principal structure' in line with OECD principles, so legal entities perform 
their functions on contract on behalf of the principals and are allocated an activity-based profit according 
to a benchmarked profit margin.  
To ensure alignment between taxing authorities about the allocation of profit between Group entities, the 
Group has put Advance Pricing Agreements in place for geographies representing more than 65% of its 
revenue worldwide. 
Failure to manage financial risks  
 
The Group operates centralised management of financial risks, including: foreign exchange risk, credit risk, 
counterparty risk, interest rate risk and liquidity risk. The overall objectives and policies for the Group's 
financial risk management are outlined in an internal treasury policy, which is approved by the board of 
directors of Novo Nordisk A/S (the Treasury Policy). The Treasury Policy consists of a Foreign Exchange 
Policy, an Investment Policy, a Financing Policy and a Policy regarding Credit Risk on Financial 
Counterparts, and includes a description of permitted use of financial instruments and risk limits. The Group 
only hedges commercial exposures and consequently does not enter into derivative transactions for trading 
or speculative purposes. The Group uses a fully integrated treasury management system to manage all 
financial positions, and all positions are marked-to-market. A failure in the Group’s financial risk 
management processes or to ensure compliance with the Group’s internal Treasury Policy in the 
management of financial risks could result in losses adversely impacting the Group’s financial results. 
 
The Group considers that foreign exchange risk is the most important financial risk for the Group. As a 
global business, the majority of the Group’s net sales is generated in currencies other than the reporting 
currency (DKK), most significantly in US Dollar, Chinese Yuan, Euro and Japanese Yen. Although the 
Group also incurs expenses in those currencies, the impact of those expenses is not enough to fully offset 
the impact of exchange rates on the Group’s net sales. Consequently, fluctuations in exchange rates between 
the DKK and other currencies, as well as a failure to appropriately manage foreign exchange risks, could 
materially adversely affect the Group’s financial results. 
Legal and Compliance Risks 
Adverse outcome of litigation 
 
The Group is currently involved in pending litigations (including class actions), claims and investigations 
arising out of the normal conduct of its business. The Group does not expect the currently pending 
litigations, claims and investigations, individually and in the aggregate, to have a material impact on Novo 
Nordisk’s financial position, operating profit or cash flow in addition to the amounts accrued as provision 
for legal disputes (for further detail on outstanding or pending litigation and provision for legal disputes, 
please see pages 63 to 64 of the Group’s Annual Report 2020, incorporated by reference herein). However, 
the outcome of such litigations, claims and investigations is inherently uncertain and there can be no 
guarantee that the Group will be successful in defending these claims, or that the Group will not face 
additional claims in future. 
Product liability in particular is a significant risk in the pharmaceutical industry and the Group’s product 
liability exposure in relation to incretin-based medications could increase given that liability claims may 
differ from past cases with regard to their nature, scope and level. Such claims can also be accompanied by 
consumer fraud claims by customers or third-party payers seeking reimbursement. Product liability claims, 
regardless of their merits or the ultimate success of the Group’s defence, are costly, divert management’s 
attention, may cause reputational damage and can impact the demand for the Group’s products.  
Failure to ensure compliance with legislation and industry codes applicable to the Group  
 
The Group operates in an industry which is heavily regulated and is required to comply with the laws and 
industry codes of each jurisdiction in which the Group operates. The Group routinely conducts monitoring, 
audits and legal review of its key operations and activities and maintains internal policies (including a

--- Page 22 ---
- 13 - 
 
Business Ethics Code of Conduct) that are designed to ensure compliance with the foregoing. A failure to 
comply with such laws or codes of practice could expose the Group to investigations, criminal and civil 
sanctions (for example, fines, penalties, or revocation or denial of the necessary regulatory approvals for 
the Group’s products) and other consequences such as reputational damage and compromise of the rights 
and integrity of the individuals involved. Any of these consequences could materially adversely affect the 
Group’s financial results, cause loss of trust from the Group’s customers and patients and affect the Group’s 
long-term prospects including the attraction and retention of talent. Set out below is a description of the 
most relevant of such laws and codes: 
Anti-bribery and corruption principles and standards 
 
The Group is exposed to bribery and corruption risks primarily through its global business operations and 
relationships with government bodies. The Group continues to see anti-bribery and anti-corruption legal 
frameworks similar to the United Kingdom and United States develop in emerging economies. The Group 
maintains and enforces compliance with the Novo Nordisk Way, which is a set of guiding principles 
including being open, honest, accountable and upholding business ethics, and a Business Ethics Code of 
Conduct which includes policies designed to ensure compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption legal 
frameworks. Failure to appropriately maintain and enforce such policies and otherwise mitigate bribery and 
corruption risks in any case could expose the Group and associated persons to governmental investigation, 
regulatory action and civil and criminal liability (with associated legal and financial penalties, reputational 
damage and the erosion of investor confidence) and may prevent the Group from being able to enter into 
certain government contracts, which could materially and adversely impact the Group’s financial results. 
 
Personal information and data privacy laws 
Given the nature of the Group’s business and the digitalisation of many of the processes, non-compliance 
with data privacy laws risks causing harm to individuals and the Group, and can damage trust between the 
Group and individuals, communities, business partners and government authorities.  
 
The General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), with other privacy legislation following suit, has 
increased the enforcement powers of supervisory authorities, including the ability to impose fines and to 
suspend processing of personal information. GDPR and other privacy laws also give individuals the right 
to bring collective legal actions against the Group for failure to comply with data privacy laws.  
 
Environmental laws and regulations 
The Group is subject to environmental laws in each of the jurisdictions it operates in. These laws impose 
duties to protect the environment and communities in which the Group operates as well as to undertake 
specific remedial actions. Overall, the Group strives to maintain an effective policy framework for 
managing such risk and do business in an environmentally and socially responsible manner.  
Risks related to the position of Novo Nordisk Finance within the Group  
 
Potential investors should be aware that Novo Nordisk Finance is a financing company which will lend the 
major part of all moneys raised by it to other companies within the Group. As such the ability of Novo 
Nordisk Finance to fulfil its respective obligations under the Notes may be dependent on intragroup 
liquidity considerations and the Guarantor’s policy decisions from time to time, as the parent company of 
the Group. However, it should be noted that Novo Nordisk Finance’s obligations in respect of Notes issued 
by it are guaranteed by the Guarantor via its obligations under the Guarantee.  
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features, distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes and those which might 
occur in relation to certain types of Exempt Notes: 
Risks applicable to all Notes

--- Page 23 ---
- 14 - 
 
If the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only 
be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light 
of other investments available at that time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion 
of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change 
of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect 
the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to such 
"benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including the Copenhagen Interbank 
Offered Rate (CIBOR), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), the Norwegian Interbank Offered 
Rate (NIBOR) and the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate (STIBOR)) (each a Benchmark and together, 
the Benchmarks) have become the subject of regulatory scrutiny and recent national and international 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are 
still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such "benchmarks" to perform differently than in the 
past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and the amount payable under any Notes linked to or 
referencing such a "benchmark".  
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, 
applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the 
use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the 
FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed).

--- Page 24 ---
- 15 - 
 
The Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a Benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms 
of the Benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation 
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the 
effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
relevant Benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Specifically, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other 
things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 25 November 2020, the euro risk-free rate 
working group published consultations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. The final 
recommendations were published on 11 May 2021. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain Benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a Benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in 
the rules or methodologies used in the Benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the 
Benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or 
national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of 
and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a Benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that an Original 
Reference Rate and/or any screen page on which an Original Reference Rate may be published (or any 
other successor service) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions) occurs. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set 
by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions), with 
the application of an adjustment spread and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or alternative Benchmark, all as determined by the 
relevant Issuer (acting in good faith and in consultation with an Independent Adviser). The use of a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (with the application of an adjustment spread) will still result in any 
Notes linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to 
apply in its current form. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or (in either 
case) Adjustment Spread is determined, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of 
Interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period 
being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the 
rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability 
of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the involvement of an Independent Adviser and the potential for 
further regulatory developments, there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any 
of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the Benchmark replacement 
provisions of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing a Benchmark. 
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Exempt Notes, such as Index 
Linked Notes and Dual Currency Notes. In particular, an investor might receive less interest than expected 
or no interest in respect of such Notes and may lose some or all of the principal amount invested by it. 
The relevant Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest determined by reference to an index or 
formula, to changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in currency exchange rates or

--- Page 25 ---
- 16 - 
 
other factors (each, a Relevant Factor). In addition, the relevant Issuer may issue Notes with principal or 
interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are 
denominated. Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than 
expected; 
(iv) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(v) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(vi) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or contains 
some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal or interest 
payable likely will be magnified; and 
(vii) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the Relevant 
Factor, the greater the effect on yield. 
The historical performance of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of 
the future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, each potential 
investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any 
Notes linked to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular circumstances. 
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent instalment of 
the issue price could lose all of their investment. 
The relevant Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Any 
failure by an investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of their Notes could 
result in such investor losing all of their investment. 
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier or other 
leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities. 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers 
or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related 
features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those 
features. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating Rate Notes. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate such as EURIBOR. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of 
other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise 
comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate 
not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, 
which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
- 17 - 
 
RISK RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The market price of the Notes may be volatile 
The market price of the Notes could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to actual or anticipated 
variations in the Group’s operating results and those of its competitors, adverse business developments, 
changes to the regulatory environment in which the Group operates, changes in financial estimates by 
securities analysts and the actual or expected sale of a large number of the Notes, as well as other factors. 
In addition, in recent years the global financial markets have experienced significant price and volume 
fluctuations, which, if repeated in the future, could adversely affect the market price of the Notes without 
regard to the Group’s results of operations, prospects or financial condition. Factors including increased 
competition or the Group’s operating results, the regulatory environment, general market conditions, 
natural disasters, terrorist attacks and war may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes. 
Laws and practices applicable to the Notes may change 
The Conditions are based on and governed by English law in force on the date of this Base Prospectus. Any 
new statutes, ordinances and regulations, amendments to the legislation or changes in application of the 
law (including any amendments to or changes in application of tax laws or regulations) after the date of this 
Base Prospectus may affect the Notes and/or have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and, thereby, on the relevant Issuer's and/or 
Guarantor's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and the Guarantee as well as the market price 
and value of the Notes. 
A judgment entered against an Issuer or the Guarantor in an English court may not be recognised or 
enforceable in Denmark due to the UK leaving the EU 
The UK left the EU on 31 January 2020 ("Brexit") and the transitional period agreed in the withdrawal 
agreement during which EU law continued to apply in the UK, expired on 31 December 2020. In connection 
with Brexit, the UK has applied to accede to the Convention on jurisdiction and the recognition and 
enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters (the "Lugano Convention") in its own right as 
an independent party. Accession requires unanimous approval from all contracting parties, including the 
EU. Should the UK’s accession to the Lugano Convention be unanimously approved by the contracting 
parties, the applicable rules on jurisdiction and the enforcement of judgments in cross-border disputes with 
a UK–EU dimension will be relatively similar to those that were followed prior to Brexit. In other words, 
a judgment entered against an Issuer or the Guarantor in an English court would be recognised and 
enforceable in Denmark without a re-trial on its merits on the basis of the Lugano Convention. However, it 
is unclear whether the United Kingdom’s application to become a contracting state under the Lugano 
Convention will be accepted or (if so accepted) when its accession to the Lugano Convention will become 
effective. 
There is therefore uncertainty concerning the enforcement of English court judgments in Denmark 
following Brexit. The Brussels I Regulation Recast (Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement 
of judgments in civil and commercial matters), i.e. the main EU legal instrument governing jurisdiction and 
the enforcement of judgments within the EU, is no longer applicable to legal proceedings commenced in 
the UK after 31 December 2020 or to judgments issued in such proceedings. As no new reciprocal 
agreement on jurisdiction and enforcement of judgments has been agreed between the UK and the EU, a 
judgment entered against an Issuer or the Guarantor in an English court would not be recognised or 
enforceable in Denmark without a re-trial on its merits. Accordingly, in a default scenario, there may be 
additional costs and/or delays in the enforcement of Noteholders’ rights in Denmark against the relevant 
Issuer and the Guarantor and their assets, and if the Danish courts do not recognise or uphold an English

--- Page 27 ---
- 18 - 
 
court judgment upon re-examination, this would limit the ability of Noteholders to recover amounts 
awarded by the English court. 
One or more taxing authorities could challenge the tax residency of Novo Nordisk Finance, and if such 
challenge were to be successful, Novo Nordisk Finance could be subject to increased and/or 
unanticipated taxes  
Novo Nordisk Finance has taken steps to establish tax residency in Denmark, and the Group believes that 
such steps have resulted in Novo Nordisk Finance becoming a tax resident in Denmark for Danish tax 
purposes as of its date of incorporation. By reason of Novo Nordisk Finance's incorporation in the 
Netherlands under Dutch law, it is also deemed tax resident in the Netherlands for purposes of the Dutch 
Dividend Withholding Tax Act 1965 and the Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act 1969. As long as it continues 
to have its place of effective management in Denmark, and not in the Netherlands, under the Convention 
between Denmark and the Netherlands for the avoidance of double taxation with respect to taxes on income 
of 1996 (the Danish-Dutch Tax Treaty), Novo Nordisk Finance should be considered to be exclusively 
tax resident in Denmark. However, the applicable tax laws or interpretations thereof, including the 
interpretation of the Danish-Dutch Tax Treaty, may change. Furthermore, whether Novo Nordisk Finance 
has its place of effective management in Denmark and is as such tax resident in Denmark, is largely a 
question of fact and degree based on all the circumstances, rather than a question of law, which facts and 
degree may also change. Changes to applicable laws or interpretations thereof and changes to applicable 
facts and circumstances (e.g., a change of board members or the place where board meetings take place), 
may result in Novo Nordisk Finance becoming a tax resident of a jurisdiction other than Denmark, 
potentially also triggering an exit tax liability in Denmark, or in the denial of benefits under the Danish-
Dutch Tax Treaty. These changes could have an adverse impact on Novo Nordisk Finance's financial results 
and/or the future marketability of Novo Nordisk Finance's Notes. 
Novo Nordisk Finance's tax residency might change if the Danish-Dutch Tax Treaty (as defined below) 
would become a Covered Tax Agreement under the MLI (as defined below) 
Novo Nordisk Finance's sole tax residency in Denmark for the purposes of the Convention between 
Denmark and the Netherlands for the avoidance of double taxation with respect to taxes on income of 1996 
(the Danish-Dutch Tax Treaty) is subject to the application of the provisions on tax residency as stipulated 
in the Danish-Dutch Tax Treaty as effective as of the date of this Base Prospectus. However, Denmark and 
the Netherlands have entered into a Multilateral Convention to Implement Tax Treaty Related Measures to 
Prevent Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (MLI). The MLI operates to amend bilateral tax treaties between 
participating states, provided there is a match between certain options made by the relevant states and both 
states have included the other state in their notification of agreements covered by the MLI. Denmark and 
the Netherlands both have not included the other state in their notification of agreements covered by the 
MLI. However, it cannot be ruled out that Denmark and the Netherlands may choose to amend this in the 
future, as a result of which the Danish-Dutch Tax Treaty would become a Covered Tax Agreement under 
the MLI.  
The MLI provides, amongst other matters, for the amendment of relevant treaty rules regarding tax 
residency for purposes of relevant tax treaties. According to their elections, both Denmark and the 
Netherlands apply such deviating rules on tax residency (i.e. they did not opt out). If the Danish-Dutch Tax 
Treaty becomes a Covered Tax Agreement under the MLI, the MLI rules on tax residency would become 
applicable to the Danish-Dutch Tax Treaty. In this case, the competent authorities of Denmark and the 
Netherlands shall endeavour to determine by mutual agreement the sole tax residency of Novo Nordisk 
Finance. During the period in which a mutual agreement between both states is absent, Novo Nordisk 
Finance may not be entitled to any relief or exemption from tax provided by the Danish-Dutch Tax Treaty. 
During such period, there would be an increased risk of double taxation. 
Modification, Waivers and Substitution 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or by use of a 
videoconference platform) of Holders to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Holders including Holders who did not attend and vote at 
the relevant meeting and Holders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. The Conditions also 
provide that the relevant Issuer may, without the consent of Holders, amend the Notes, the Conditions or

--- Page 28 ---
- 19 - 
 
the Deed of Covenant, if the modification is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is to correct a manifest 
error. The Conditions provide that the relevant Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders agree to the 
substitution of another company as the principal debtor in relation to the Notes, all in the circumstances 
described in the Conditions of the Notes. 
Investors will have to rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
The Notes will be represented by Global Notes except in certain limited circumstances described in the 
Global Notes. Each Global Note will be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in certain limited circumstances described in the Global Notes, investors 
will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will 
maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by Global 
Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will discharge its payment 
obligations under the Notes or the Guarantee (as applicable) by making payments to the common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a 
beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
to receive payments under the Notes or the Guarantee (as applicable). The relevant Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in 
respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes. 
Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder of the Notes (each a Holder) 
who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of 
such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a Holder who, as a result 
of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their 
account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect 
of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, Holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop 
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and the relevant Issuer cannot assure 
investors that an active trading market for the Notes will develop or be maintained. If a market does develop, 
it may not be liquid. In addition, liquidity may be limited if the relevant Issuer makes large allocations to a 
limited number of investors. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. A 
lack of liquidity may have a material adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.

--- Page 29 ---
- 20 - 
 
This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, 
are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls exist to the extent payments in respect of the Notes are made 
in a currency other than the currency in which an investor's activities are denominated 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor (if applicable) will make 
any payments under the Guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit 
(the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates 
may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation 
of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may 
impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the relevant Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Notes or the Guarantor (if applicable) to make any payments under the Guarantee. As a result, 
investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.  
Changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Notes, since Fixed Rate Notes have a fixed rate of interest and prevailing 
interest rates in the future may be higher than that fixed rate of interest. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
Novo Nordisk's credit ratings are an assessment by the relevant rating agencies of its ability to pay its debts 
when due. Consequently, real or anticipated changes in its credit ratings will generally affect the market 
value of the Notes. One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure and marketing of the 
Notes and additional factors discussed in this Base Prospectus or any other factors that may affect the value 
of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, 
suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes, in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration 
application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third 
country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-
registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been 
withdrawn or suspended). 
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the 
status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory 
measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by 
a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK

--- Page 30 ---
- 21 - 
 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, 
and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for 
a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in 
the UK of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, 
which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information 
with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 31 ---
- 22 - 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with Euronext Dublin and the Central Bank of Ireland, shall be deemed 
to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Prospectus:  
(a) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December, 
2020, of Novo Nordisk and its subsidiaries and associated undertakings, the notes thereto and 
the audit report prepared in connection therewith (the Group’s Annual Report 2020, which 
can 
be 
accessed 
from 
the 
following 
hyperlink: 
https://www.novonordisk.com/content/dam/nncorp/global/en/investors/irmaterial/annual_rep
ort/2021/Novo-Nordisk-Annual-Report-2020.pdf ) found on pages 46 to 77 and 89 to 90 of the 
Group’s Annual Report 2020;  
 
(b) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December, 
2019 of the Group, the notes thereto and the audit report prepared in connection therewith (the 
Group’s Annual Report 2019, which can be accessed from the following hyperlink: 
https://www.novonordisk.com/content/dam/nncorp/global/en/investors/irmaterial/annual_rep
ort/2020/Novo-Nordisk-Annual-Report-2019.pdf ) found on pages 41 to 75 and 88 to 89 of the 
Group’s Annual Report 2019; 
 
(c) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December, 
2018 of the Group, the notes thereto and the audit report prepared in connection therewith (the 
Group’s Annual Report 2018, which can be accessed from the following hyperlink: 
https://www.novonordisk.com/content/dam/nncorp/global/en/investors/irmaterial/annual_rep
ort/2019/NN-AR18_UK_Online.pdf ) found on pages 58 to 94 and 107 to 108 of the Group’s 
Annual Report 2018; 
 
(d) 
the following sections of the Group's Annual Report 2020: 
Introducing Novo Nordisk 
Pages 3 to 10 
Strategic Aspirations (excluding pages 32 to 33) 
Pages 11 to 31 
Risk Management 
Pages 34 to 35 
Shares and Capital Structure 
Pages 36 to 37 
Board of Directors  
Pages 42 to 44 
Executive Management 
Page 45 
Financial Definitions 
Page 78 
Non-IFRS Financial Measures 
Pages 79 to 80 
Statement of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) 
Performance (and the notes thereto) 
Pages 81 to 87 
Statement by the Board of Directors and Executive 
Management on the 2020 Annual Report 
Page 88 
Independent Assurance Report on the ESG Statement 
Page 91  
More information 
Page 92

--- Page 32 ---
- 23 - 
 
Product Overview 
Page 93 
Financial Statements of the Parent Company 2020 (and the 
notes thereto) 
Pages 94 to 99 
 
 
(e) 
the following sections of the Group's Annual Report 2019: 
Consolidated Environmental Statement (and the notes 
thereto) 
Pages 84 to 86 
Statement by the Board of Directors and Executive 
Management on the 2019 Annual Report 
Page 87 
Independent Limited Assurance Report on the Consolidated 
Social and Environmental Statements for 2019 
Page 90 
More Information 
Page 91 
Product Overview 
Page 92 
Financial Statements of the Parent Company 2019 (and the 
notes thereto) 
Pages 93 to 97 
 
 
(f) 
the following sections of the Group’s Annual Report 2017 (which can be accessed from the 
following 
hyperlink: 
https://www.novonordisk.com/content/dam/nncorp/global/en/investors/irmaterial/annual_rep
ort/2018/NN-AR17_UK_Online1.pdf ) 
Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 2 
Pages 65 to 73 
 
(g) 
the Group’s quarterly company announcement (excluding page 1 and pages 17 to 18) 
containing the unaudited financial report for the twelve-month period from 1 January 2020 to 
31 
December 
2020 
(which 
can 
be 
accessed 
from 
the 
following 
hyperlink: 
https://www.novonordisk.com/content/dam/nncorp/global/en/investors/irmaterial/quarterly_fi
nancial_reports/2020/20210202%20-%20CA%20Q4%202020%20-%20vFINAL.pdf ); and 
 
(h) 
the Group’s quarterly company announcement (excluding page 1 and pages 13 to 14) 
containing the unaudited financial report for the three-month period from 1 January 2021 to 31 
March 
2021 
(which 
can 
be 
accessed 
from 
the 
following 
hyperlink: 
https://www.novonordisk.com/content/dam/nncorp/global/en/investors/irmaterial/quarterly_fi
nancial_reports/2021/CA-Q1-2021.pdf ), 
 
save that any statement contained in a document which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein 
shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a 
statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication 
or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or 
superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Certain information contained in the documents 
listed above has not been incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Such information is not relevant 
for prospective investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 33 ---
- 24 - 
 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and the 
Guarantor and approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by 
reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise) contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference herein. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as 
so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents listed at (a) to (h) above shall not 
form a part of this Prospectus. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
If the terms of the Programme are modified or amended in a manner which would make this Base 
Prospectus, as so modified or amended, inaccurate or misleading, a new prospectus or a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus will be prepared.

--- Page 34 ---
- 25 - 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to 
“applicable Pricing Supplement” where relevant. 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or 
registered form, without interest coupons attached. Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance 
on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S). 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a Temporary Bearer Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
permanent global note (a Permanent Bearer Global Note and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global 
Note, each a Bearer Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in 
the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(b) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to 
the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest 
(if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be 
provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not 
U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury 
regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has 
received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is 
issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request 
as described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons 
attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to 
such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of 
beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given, provided that 
purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes. 
The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, 
principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the 
Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer 
Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case 
may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be 
issued in NGN form) without any requirement for certification.

--- Page 35 ---
- 26 - 
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free 
of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest 
coupons and talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange 
Event means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement)) 
has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or 
have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the relevant Issuer has or will 
become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by 
the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form. The relevant Issuer, or as appropriate, the Guarantor, 
will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event 
occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event as described in (iii) above, the relevant Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the 
first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes), receipts 
and interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of 
Bearer Notes, receipts or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a 
Registered Global Note). 
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Registered Global Notes are 
to be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the NSS), a common safekeeper, as the case may be for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the Common 
Depositary of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common 
safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered 
Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to 
receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under the NSS, 
the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Registered Global Notes are intended to be 
held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Global 
Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any time during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for a Registered Global Note held under the NSS 
will either by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 
6.5 (Payments in respect of Registered Notes)) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. 
None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility

--- Page 36 ---
- 27 - 
 
or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial 
ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form 
will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the 
relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.5 (Payments in respect of Registered Notes)) immediately 
preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred 
and is continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in 
fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the relevant Issuer has 
or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented 
by the Registered Global Note in definitive form. The relevant Issuer, or as appropriate, the Guarantor, will 
promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event 
occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered 
Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the relevant Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar 
requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the 
first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except 
in accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to 
the extent applicable. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a 
single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the 
Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the 
common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the 
Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution 
compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such 
Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events 
of Default and Enforcement). In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note 
and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the 
provisions of the Global Note, then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day holders of interests in such 
Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the case may be, 
will become entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer, or as appropriate, the Guarantor, on the 
basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to 
the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 20 May 2021 and executed by the Issuers.  
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (as applicable) may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued 
in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, other than where 
such Notes are Exempt Notes, a new Base Prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect 
of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
- 28 - 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme which are not Exempt Notes. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended or superseded, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, the PRIIPs Regulation) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (the UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or superseded, MiFID 
II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 38 ---
- 29 - 
 
[SINGAPORE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – Solely for the 
purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures 
Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the SFA), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are "prescribed capital markets products" 
(as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and "Excluded 
Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).] 
[Date] 
[Novo Nordisk A/S / Novo Nordisk Finance (Netherlands) B.V.]  
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [[549300DAQ1CVT6CXN342] / [549300X0PCJ6M2JZQW91]] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[guaranteed by Novo Nordisk A/S] 
under the €5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 20 May 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] 
[and [date]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
(the Base Prospectus). [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order 
to obtain all the relevant information.]1[The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Irish 
Stock 
Exchange 
plc 
trading 
as 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(Euronext 
Dublin) 
at 
www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin ]. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the base prospectus dated [original date] which are incorporated by reference in 
the Base Prospectus dated 20 May 2021. [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes relating 
to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the base prospectus dated 20 May 2021 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated 
[date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation, including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order 
to obtain all the relevant information.] [The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Irish 
Stock 
Exchange 
plc 
trading 
as 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(Euronext 
Dublin) 
at 
www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin ]].  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics 
denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
                                                          
1 
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the European Economic 
Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 39 ---
- 30 - 
 
1. 
 (a) 
Issuer: 
[Novo Nordisk A/S / Novo Nordisk Finance 
(Netherlands) B.V.] 
 
[(b) 
Guarantor: 
Novo Nordisk A/S] 
(Delete in the case of Notes issued by Novo Nordisk 
A/S) 
2. 
 (a) 
Series Number: 
[     ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[     ] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note 
for interests in the Permanent Bearer Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 23 below, which is expected 
to occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
 Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[     ] 
4. 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[     ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[     ] 
5. 
 Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
 (a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[     ] 
 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
 
(Note – where Bearer multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].") 
 
(b) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(in 
relation to calculation of 
interest in global form see 
Condition 5 (Interest)): 
[     ] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
 (a) 
Issue Date: 
[     ] 
 
(b) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]

--- Page 40 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
 Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]] 
9. 
 Interest Basis: 
[[     ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[[     ] 
month 
[EURIBOR/CIBOR/STIBOR/ 
NIBOR]] +/- [     ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16]below) 
10. 
 Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount 
11. 
 Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 
below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
12. 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Issuer Par Call] 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Clean-up Call] 
 
 
[(see paragraph [18]/[19]/[20]/[21] below)] 
13. 
 (a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
[(b) 
Status of the Guarantee: 
Senior] 
 
(c) 
Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes [or the 
Guarantee] obtained: 
[[     ] and [     ], respectively] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes or related Guarantee) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
 Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) 
for Notes in definitive form 
(and in relation to Notes in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 41 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
(d) 
Broken 
Amount(s) 
for 
Notes in definitive form 
(and in relation to Notes in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]][Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon) 
15. 
 Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[     ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not 
subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[     ] 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate 
of Interest and Interest 
Amount 
is 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(e) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
/ 
Calculation 
Agent (if not the Agent): 
[     ] (the Calculation Agent) 
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[     ] 
month 
[EURIBOR/CIBOR/STIBOR/ 
NIBOR] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, 
second Copenhagen business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if CIBOR, second Stockholm 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period

--- Page 42 ---
- 33 - 
 
if STIBOR and second Oslo business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if NIBOR) 
 
 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[     ] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[     ] 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[     ] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[     ] 
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day 
of the Interest Period) 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][     ] per cent. per annum 
 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
 Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[     ] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365]

--- Page 43 ---
- 34 - 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
 Notice periods for Condition 7.2: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
18. 
 Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[     ]  
[N.B. If Issuer Par Call is specified as being 
applicable, the last Optional Redemption Date shall 
be the date immediately preceding the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date] 
 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[     ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount][Spens 
Amount][Make-whole Amount] 
 
(A) 
Reference Bond 
[     ] 
 
(B) 
Redemption 
Margin 
[     ] 
 
(C) 
Quotation Time 
[     ] 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(A) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
 
(B) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
 
 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
19. 
 Issuer Par Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Par Call Period: 
From (and including) [     ] (the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date 
 
(b) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days

--- Page 44 ---
- 35 - 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
20. 
 Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other than 
a specified amount per Calculation Amount, the Notes 
will need to be Exempt Notes) 
 
(c) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.)

--- Page 45 ---
- 36 - 
 
21. 
 Clean-up Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 (a) 
Notice Period: 
[     ] 
 (b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
 
Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
 (c)  
Clean-Up Call Amount: 
[     ] per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes 
22. 
 Final Redemption Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
 Early Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons or 
on Event of Default: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per cent. 
of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption 
Amount is likely to be par (but consider). If, however, 
the Final Redemption Amount is other than 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value, consideration should be 
given as to what the Early Redemption Amount should 
be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
 Form of Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer Notes: [Temporary Bearer Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global Note 
which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes upon an 
Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005] 
 
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Bearer Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].".)] 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
[a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg][a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]

--- Page 46 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
(c) 
New 
Safekeeping 
Structure: 
[Yes][No] 
25. 
 Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraphs 15(c) relates) 
26. 
 Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. [Each of the] [The] Issuer 
[and the Guarantor] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
SIGNED on behalf of [Novo Nordisk A/S / Novo Nordisk Finance (Netherlands) B.V.] as Issuer: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
 
[SIGNED on behalf of Novo Nordisk A/S as Guarantor]: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 47 ---
- 38 - 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market (the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market) of the Irish Stock Exchange 
plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) 
and listing on the official list of Euronext Dublin 
with effect from [     ].] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market 
and listing on the official list of Euronext Dublin 
with effect from [     ].] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading.) 
[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[     ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[have not 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated]: 
 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms]. 
 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended or superseded) 
(the CRA Regulation)] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far 
as the Issuer [and the Guarantor] [is/are] aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has 
an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] (including for the avoidance of doubt 
their branches) and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer[, the Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests]]

--- Page 48 ---
- 39 - 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF 
PROCEEDS 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from 
what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give 
details.)] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[     ] 
5. 
YIELD (FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[     ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code]2, as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not 
Available]] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code]2, as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not 
Available]] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[     ] 
(viii) 
Names and addresses of the 
Registrar and Transfer Agent (if 
any): 
[     ] 
                                                          
2 
The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 49 ---
- 40 - 
 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the international central 
securities depositories (ICSDs) as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper] [include this text for Registered Notes 
which are to be held under the NSS] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended or 
superseded in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them, the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper][include this text for Registered Notes]. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[     ] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 50 ---
- 41 - 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 51 ---
- 42 - 
 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of 
Exempt Notes issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or superseded, MiFID II); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the UK). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MIFID II/UK MIFIR product governance / target market – [appropriate target market 
legend to be included]] 
[SINGAPORE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – 
Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the 
Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the SFA), the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are 
"prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018) and "Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).] 
[Date] 
[Novo Nordisk A/S / Novo Nordisk Finance (Netherlands) B.V.] 
[Legal entity identifier (LEI): [549300DAQ1CVT6CXN342] / 
[549300X0PCJ6M2JZQW91]]

--- Page 52 ---
- 43 - 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[guaranteed by Novo Nordisk A/S] 
under the €5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances 
in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to either 
of Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of the FSMA or to supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to either of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer.]3 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein. This document 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 20 May 2021 [as supplemented by 
the supplement[s] dated [date[s]]] (the Base Prospectus).  Full information on the Issuer[, the 
Guarantor] and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this 
Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. Copies of the Base Prospectus may be obtained 
from [address]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”.  Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or subparagraphs.  Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]  
 
1. 
(a) 
Issuer: 
[Novo Nordisk A/S / Novo Nordisk Finance 
(Netherlands) B.V.] 
(b) 
[Guarantor: 
Novo Nordisk A/S] 
(Delete in the case of Notes issued by Novo 
Nordisk A/S) 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the 
Issue Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Bearer Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph 23 below, which 
is expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable]  
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ] 
                                                          
3  
Include relevant legend wording here for the EEA and UK if the "Prohibition of Sales" legend and related selling restriction for 
that regime are not included/not specified to be "Applicable" (because the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products, or a key 
information document will be prepared, under that regime).

--- Page 53 ---
- 44 - 
 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[         ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert date] 
(if applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation 
to calculation of interest in 
global form see Condition 5 
(Interest)): 
[         ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor.  Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.)  
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[         ]  
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [         ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[Index Linked Interest] 
 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
 
[specify other] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
 
[Dual Currency Redemption] 
 
[Partly Paid] 
 
[Instalment] 
 
[specify other] 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of 
Notes 
into 
another 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call]

--- Page 54 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
[Issuer Par Call] 
 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Clean-up Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
(b) 
Status of the Guarantee: 
Senior 
(c) 
Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance 
of 
Notes 
[and 
Guarantee] obtained: 
[[         ] [and [         ], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes or related Guarantee) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation 
to Notes in global form see 
Conditions): 
 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)/specify other] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[         ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon) 
(g) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
for Fixed Rate Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[None/Give details] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 55 ---
- 46 - 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business 
Day Convention/[specify other]] [Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/specify other] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount / Calculation Agent (if 
not the Agent): 
[         ] (the Calculation Agent)  
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[         ] 
month 
[EURIBOR/CIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/specify 
other Reference Rate]  
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[         ] 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR, second Copenhagen business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if CIBOR, 
second Stockholm business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if STIBOR and second Oslo 
business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if NIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[         ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[         ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[         ] 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period)

--- Page 56 ---
- 47 - 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)]  
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [         ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
[Other] 
(m) 
Fallback provisions, rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating to the method of 
calculating interest on Floating 
Rate Notes which are Exempt 
Notes, if different from those set 
out in the Conditions: 
[         ] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[         ] 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365]  
17. 
Index Linked Interest Note 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index/Formula: 
[give or annex details] 
(b) 
Calculation Agent 
[give name]

--- Page 57 ---
- 48 - 
 
(c) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest (if not the 
Calculation Agent) and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[         ]  
(d) 
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Coupon where calculation by 
reference 
to 
Index 
and/or 
Formula 
is 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market disruption 
or settlement disruption events and adjustment 
provisions] 
(e) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ] 
(f) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/specify other] 
(g) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ] 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[         ] 
18. 
Dual Currency Interest Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate of Exchange/method of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[give or annex details] 
(b) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Agent): 
[         ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(c) 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate 
of Exchange impossible or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market disruption 
or settlement disruption events and adjustment 
provisions] 
(d) 
Person 
at 
whose 
option 
Specified Currency(ies) is/are 
payable: 
[         ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
20. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 58 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ]  
[N.B. If Issuer Par Call is specified as being 
applicable, the last Optional Redemption Date 
shall be the date immediately preceding the Par 
Call Period Commencement Date] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
and 
method, 
if 
any, 
of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[[     ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount][Spens 
Amount][Make-whole 
Amount][specify 
other][see Appendix] 
(i) 
Reference Bond 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Redemption Margin 
[     ] 
(iii) 
Quotation Time 
[     ] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Principal Paying Agent.) 
21. 
Issuer Par Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Par Call Period: 
From (and including) [     ] (the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date 
(b) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days

--- Page 59 ---
- 50 - 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Principal Paying Agent.) 
22. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
and method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(c) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [     ] days 
Maximum period: [     ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Principal Paying Agent.) 
23. 
Clean-up Call: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Notice Period: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
 
Amount: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(c)  
Clean-Up Call Amount: 
[     ] per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
25. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
Event of Default and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required): 
[[         ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/specify 
other/see Appendix] 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early

--- Page 60 ---
- 51 - 
 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider).  If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form:  
[Bearer Notes: [Temporary Bearer Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global Note 
which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes upon 
an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event]  
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depository 
or other institution for the purpose of their 
immobilisation in accordance with article 4 of the 
Belgian Law of 14 December 2005] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
Global Note registered in the name of a nominee 
for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg][a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
(c) 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes][No] 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub-paragraphs 15(c) and 17(g) 
relate) 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made/No] 
29. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: 
amount of each payment comprising the 
Issue Price and date on which each 
payment is to be made and consequences 
[Not Applicable/give details.  N.B. A new form of 
Temporary Bearer Global Note and/or Permanent 
Bearer Global Note may be required for Partly 
Paid issues]

--- Page 61 ---
- 52 - 
 
(if any) of failure to pay, including any 
right of the Issuer to forfeit the Notes and 
interest due on late payment. 
30. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[give details] 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[give details] 
31. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
[The Issuer [and the Guarantor] accept[s] responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing 
Supplement.  [[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  [Each of the] 
[The] Issuer [and the Guarantor] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, 
so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
SIGNED on behalf of [Novo Nordisk A/S / Novo Nordisk Finance (Netherlands) B.V.] as Issuer: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised 
 
[SIGNED on behalf of Novo Nordisk A/S as Guarantor]: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 62 ---
- 53 - 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be 
made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes 
to be listed on [specify market – note this must not 
be an EEA regulated market or the London Stock 
Exchange's main market] with effect from 
[         ].] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal 
name of the relevant credit rating agency 
entity(ies)]]. 
 
(The above disclosure is only required if the 
ratings of the Notes are different to those stated in 
the Base Prospectus)  
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers named 
below/Dealers], so far as the Issuer [and the Guarantor] [is/are] aware, no person involved in 
the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] (including 
for the avoidance of doubt their branches) and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the 
future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer [, the Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]  
4. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]] 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]

--- Page 63 ---
- 54 - 
 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[         ] 
(viii) 
Names and addresses of the 
Registrar and Transfer Agent (if 
any): 
[         ] 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes.  Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper] [include this text for Registered Notes 
which are to be held under the NSS] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
[[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended or 
superseded in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper] [include this text for Registered 
Notes].  Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life.  Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]]  
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 64 ---
- 55 - 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Additional selling restrictions are only likely to be 
relevant for certain structured Notes, such as 
commodity-linked Notes) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 65 ---
- 56 - 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to 
any Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified 
or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following 
Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be 
made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which 
of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Novo Nordisk A/S (Novo Nordisk, and 
in its capacity as guarantor of Notes issued by Novo Nordisk Finance (Netherlands) B.V., the Guarantor) 
or Novo Nordisk Finance (Netherlands) B.V. (Novo Nordisk Finance and, together with Novo Nordisk, 
the Issuers and each, an Issuer) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the relevant Issuer shall be references to whichever of Novo Nordisk or Novo Nordisk 
Finance is specified as the Issuer in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below). If the relevant Issuer of 
a Series of Notes is Novo Nordisk, references herein to Guarantor and Guarantee, and related 
expressions, are not applicable and shall be disregarded in respect of such Series. 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer 
form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) (whether or not issued in exchange for 
a Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an 
Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time 
to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 20 May 2021 and made between the Issuers, the Guarantor, Citibank, 
N.A., London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression 
shall include any successor principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together 
with the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or 
successor paying agents), Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG as registrar (the Registrar, which 
expression shall include any successor registrar) and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as a transfer agent 
(together with the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, which expression shall include any additional or 
successor transfer agents). The Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), the Registrar, the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents are together referred to 
as the Agents. 
The payment of all amounts in respect of Notes issued by Novo Nordisk Finance have been unconditionally 
and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to a Guarantee (such Guarantee, as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Guarantee) dated 20 May 2021 and executed by the 
Guarantor. The original of the Guarantee is held by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the 
Receiptholders, Noteholders and the Couponholders at its specified office. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which supplement these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) or, if 
this Note is a Note which is neither admitted to trading on (i) a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered in (i) the European Economic

--- Page 66 ---
- 57 - 
 
Area or (ii) the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be (an Exempt 
Note), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement 
and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note.  References 
to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. Any reference in the Conditions to applicable Final 
Terms shall be deemed to include a reference to applicable Pricing Supplement where relevant. The 
expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Bearer Notes 
which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Exempt Notes in definitive bearer 
form which are repayable in instalments have receipts (Receipts) for the payment of the instalments of 
principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. Registered Notes and Global Notes do not have 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
Any reference to Noteholders shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the 
case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any 
Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to 
Receiptholders shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference herein to Couponholders shall 
mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the 
Talons.  
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms 
and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of 
the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of 
Covenant (such Deed of Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Deed of Covenant) dated 20 May 2021 and made by the Issuers.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is 
held by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined 
below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection 
or collection during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may 
be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agents or the 
Issuer and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent or 
the Issuer, as the case may be). If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin. If this Note is an 
Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or 
more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are 
applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable 
Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 67 ---
- 58 - 
 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, 
in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified Currency) and 
the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes 
of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. Unless 
this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero 
Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero 
Coupon Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, a Dual Currency Interest Note or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Note, an 
Instalment Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note, a Partly Paid Note or a combination of any 
of the foregoing, depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery and 
title to the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and any Agent will 
(except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt or 
Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether 
or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any 
previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice 
to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records 
of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall 
be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such 
Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or 
the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance 
with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and 
holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be. References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified 
in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if 
appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and

--- Page 68 ---
- 59 - 
 
transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in 
definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of the same series 
only in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms, and only in accordance 
with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the 
Agency Agreement. 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in Condition 2.3 (Registration of transfer upon partial redemption) below, 
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in 
definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in 
the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) 
surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant 
part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer 
thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised 
in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant 
Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied 
with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request. Any such transfer 
will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the relevant Issuer and the Registrar may from 
time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 8 to the Agency 
Agreement). Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business 
days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the 
specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as 
may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate 
and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or 
(at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, 
a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered 
Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part 
only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect 
of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at 
the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), the 
relevant Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a 
Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the relevant Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to 
cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the 
registration. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE 
3.1 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the relevant 
Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, 
if any) of the relevant Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
3.2 
Status of the Guarantee

--- Page 69 ---
- 60 - 
 
The payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes issued by Novo Nordisk Finance has 
been unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee. The 
obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the 
Guarantor and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) rank equally with all 
other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Guarantor, from 
time to time outstanding. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
4.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding neither the relevant Issuer nor the Guarantor will, 
and the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor will procure that none of their respective Subsidiaries (as 
defined below) will, create or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security 
interest (each a Security Interest), other than a Permitted Security Interest, upon, or with respect 
to, any of the present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled 
capital) of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any of their respective Subsidiaries to secure 
any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below), unless the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the 
case may be), in the case of the creation of the Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in 
any other case, promptly, takes any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
 (i) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantee are secured by the Security Interest equally and rateably with the 
Relevant Indebtedness; or 
(ii) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of 
a Security Interest) is provided as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
4.2 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Financial Indebtedness means, without double counting, any indebtedness for or in respect of:  
(i) 
moneys borrowed; 
(ii) 
any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument; 
(iii) 
any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(iv) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than to the extent they are sold or discounted on a 
non-recourse basis); 
(v) 
the acquisition cost of any asset to the extent payable after its acquisition or possession by 
the party liable where the deferred payment is arranged primarily as a method of raising 
finance or financing the acquisition of that asset; 
(vi) 
any finance or capital lease (other than any liability in respect of a lease or hire purchase 
contract which would, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in 
Denmark, including the International Financial Reporting Standards, as applicable to the 
latest audited consolidated financial statements of Novo Nordisk, have been treated as an 
operating lease); 
(vii) 
any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit 
from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative 
transaction, only the marked to market value (or, if any actual amount is due as a result of 
the termination or close-out of that derivative transaction, that close-out amount) shall be 
taken into account);

--- Page 70 ---
- 61 - 
 
(viii) 
any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) required by the 
International Financial Reporting Standards to be shown as a borrowing in the audited 
consolidated balance sheet of the Group; or 
(ix) 
any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against financial loss of any person in 
respect of any item referred to in the above paragraphs, 
but excluding indebtedness owed by a member of the Group to another member of the Group. 
Group means Novo Nordisk and its consolidated Subsidiaries; 
Permitted Security Interest means:  
(i) 
a Security Interest on the undertaking or assets of any Person existing at the time such 
Person is acquired by and becomes a Subsidiary of Novo Nordisk, provided such Security 
Interest was not created in contemplation of such acquisition and the principal amount 
secured has not been increased in contemplation of or since such acquisition; or 
(ii) 
a Security Interest over any revenues or receivables and any assets relating thereto which 
is created pursuant to any securitisation, discounting, factoring or like arrangement in 
accordance with normal market practice whereby the payment obligations secured by such 
Security Interest are to be discharged primarily from, and recourse under such Security 
Interest is limited to, the proceeds of such revenues, receivables and assets forming the 
subject of such securitisation, discounting, factoring or like arrangement; 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, unincorporated association or body, 
partnership, trust, fund, joint venture or consortium, association, organisation, government, state 
or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
Relevant Indebtedness means (i) any Financial Indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, 
interest or other amounts) which is in the form of or represented by any notes, bonds, debentures, 
debenture stock, loan stock or other securities which are for the time being, or are capable of being, 
quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities 
market, and (ii) any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any such indebtedness; and 
Subsidiary means an entity of which a person has direct or indirect control or owns directly or 
indirectly more than 50 per cent. of the voting capital or similar right of ownership and control for 
this purpose means the power to direct the management and the policies of the entity whether 
through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise.  
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date.

--- Page 71 ---
- 62 - 
 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of 
any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) 
Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the 
Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes (or, in 
each case, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. The resultant figure 
(including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as applicable, to the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rate Notes which are Registered Notes in 
definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes 
in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half 
of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in 
definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect 
of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied 
to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding.  
In these Conditions: 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance 
with this Condition 5.1: 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if 30/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 
360. 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date

--- Page 72 ---
- 63 - 
 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms, after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, 
Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date 
or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest 
Payment Date.  
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is 
no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
5.2(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in 
the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant 
month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the 
case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and

--- Page 73 ---
- 64 - 
 
foreign currency deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre (other 
than TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the 
applicable Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 
System) is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will (subject to Condition 5.2(f) below) be the relevant ISDA 
Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined 
below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in 
the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,

--- Page 74 ---
- 65 - 
 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either 
EURIBOR, CIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) as at 
11.00 a.m. Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. Copenhagen time, 
in the case of CIBOR, 11.00 a.m. Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR, or 
12.00 noon Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR, on the Interest Determination Date 
in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 
5.2(b)(ii)(A) above, no offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 
5.2(b)(ii)(B), fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at the 
time specified in the preceding paragraph (the Specified Time), the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable shall request each of the 
Reference Banks to provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question.  If two or more of the Reference Banks provide 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable with offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable with 
an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, determines as being the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, 
at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Stockholm inter-bank market (if 
the Reference Rate is STIBOR), the Copenhagen inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is CIBOR) or the Oslo inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate 
is NIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately 
the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the relevant Issuer suitable 
for the purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the

--- Page 75 ---
- 66 - 
 
Reference Rate is STIBOR), the Copenhagen inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is CIBOR) or the Oslo inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
Reference Banks means (a) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, (b) in the case of a determination of CIBOR, the principal Copenhagen 
office of four major banks in the Copenhagen inter-bank market, (c) in the case 
of a determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four major 
banks in the Stockholm inter-bank market or (d) in the case of a determination of 
NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Oslo inter-bank 
market, in each case selected by the relevant Issuer.  
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the 
amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the 
relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or 
(ii) Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of (A) the Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered 
Notes (or, in each case, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid 
up); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the 
Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note 
which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination 
without any further rounding.

--- Page 76 ---
- 67 - 
 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5.2: 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 77 ---
- 68 - 
 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen 
Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine, in consultation with the 
relevant Issuer, such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate.

--- Page 78 ---
- 69 - 
 
(f) 
Benchmark Discontinuation  
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5.2, if the relevant Issuer, in 
consultation with the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, as applicable), determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when the Conditions provide for any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The relevant Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments (each as defined and as further described below) no later than 5 
Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
succeeding Interest Period (the IA Determination Cut-off Date) for purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for such next succeeding 
Interest Period and for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 5.2(f) during any other future Interest Period(s)). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5.2(f)(iii)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest 
on the Notes (subject to the subsequent further operation of this 
Condition 5.2(f)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5.2(f)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent 
further operation of this Condition 5.2(f)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with 
Condition 5.2(f)(ii), the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which 
may be expressed as a specified quantum or a formula or methodology for 
determining the applicable Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
an Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero)), which Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a 
relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable), subject to the subsequent further operation of, 
and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5.2(f). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 5.2(f) and the Independent Adviser (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines (i) that

--- Page 79 ---
- 70 - 
 
amendments to these Conditions (including, without limitation, amendments to 
the definitions of Additional Business Centre, Business Day, Business Day 
Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date or Relevant Screen 
Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark 
Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments (which shall not 
impose more onerous obligations on the party responsible for determining the 
Rate of Interest or expose it to any additional duties or liabilities without such 
party's consent), then the relevant Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 5.2(f)(v), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, vary these 
Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the 
date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the relevant Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying 
Agents and the Calculation Agent shall (at the relevant Issuer’s expense and 
direction), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the 
relevant Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments required to the Agency 
Agreement and these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
5.2(f)(iv), the relevant Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange 
or other relevant authority on or by which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The relevant Issuer shall promptly notify the party responsible for determining 
the Rate of Interest (being the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or 
such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices), the Noteholders of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment 
Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under 
Condition 5.2(f)(iv). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the relevant Issuer under this Condition 
5.2(f), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 5.2(b)(ii) will continue to apply unless and until the party responsible 
for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
applicable) has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be), the Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments (if 
applicable), in accordance with Condition 5.2(f)(v). 
(vii) 
Fallbacks  
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date, the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined 
pursuant to this provision and notified to the party responsible for determining the 
Rate of Interest prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, the original 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) will continue to apply for the purposes 
of determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination Date, with 
the effect that the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Conditions will 
continue to apply to such determination.

--- Page 80 ---
- 71 - 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5.2(f), if in the Principal Paying 
Agent’s or the Calculation Agent's, as applicable, opinion there is any uncertainty between 
two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or calculation under 
this Condition 5.2(f), the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
shall promptly notify the relevant Issuer and/or the Independent Advisor thereof and the 
relevant Issuer shall direct the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, is not promptly provided with such 
direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for any reason, 
it shall notify the relevant Issuer and/or the Independent Advisor (as the case may be) 
thereof and the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall be 
under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any 
liability for not doing so. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(f): 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or 
the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders, Receiptholders 
and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
(if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or in 
the case of an Alternative Rate) the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) determines is recognised or acknowledged 
as being in customary usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(c) 
(if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged) the 
Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) determines to be appropriate; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Independent 
Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines in 
accordance with Condition 5.2(f)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest 
period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes or, if the Independent Adviser 
determines there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines is most comparable to the 
relevant Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.2(f)(iv); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing 
the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where

--- Page 81 ---
- 72 - 
 
no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of 
the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date 
specified in (b)(i) above; or 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently 
or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate 
will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued 
and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (d)(i) above; 
(e) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference 
Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date 
and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (e)(i) 
above; 
(f) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for 
any Paying Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the relevant 
Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder, 
Receiptholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable); or 
(g) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no 
longer representative or may no longer be used; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in 
each case appointed by the relevant Issuer at its own expense. For the avoidance of doubt, 
an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.2(f) shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall 
have no liability whatsoever to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it 
pursuant to this Condition 5.2(f); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for 
the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority 
or any similar institution for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, (b) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, by any 
Relevant Nominating Body.

--- Page 82 ---
- 73 - 
 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
Subject to Condition 5.2(f) (Benchmark Discontinuation) the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest 
Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest 
Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph 5.2(g), the 
expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5.2 by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall 
(in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents and all Noteholders, 
Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no 
liability to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
5.3 
Exempt Notes 
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes where the applicable Pricing 
Supplement identifies that Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, if the 
Reference Rate from time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other 
than EURIBOR, CIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Exempt Notes 
will be determined as provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate 
Notes or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, provided that where such Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes the provisions of 
Condition 5.2 shall, save to the extent amended in the applicable Pricing Supplement, apply as if 
the references therein to Floating Rate Notes and to the Agent were references to Index Linked 
Interest Notes and the Calculation Agent, respectively, and provided further that the Calculation 
Agent will notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as 
practicable after calculating the same. 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), 
interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
5.4 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is 
the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and

--- Page 83 ---
- 74 - 
 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, 
and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices). 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation) 
and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 (Method of payment) above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject 
as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States 
of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
and save as provided in Condition 6.4 (Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of 
certain types of Exempt Notes) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to 
be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured 
Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of 
such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from 
the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 
10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9 (Prescription)) 
or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but 
in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than 
a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less

--- Page 84 ---
- 75 - 
 
than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long 
Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining 
to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender 
of the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in 
bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where 
applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either 
on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
6.4 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Bearer Notes, other than the 
final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 
(Method of payment) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment 
of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph.  
Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 (Method of 
payment) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum 
due, endorsement) of the relevant Bearer Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph.  Each 
Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the definitive 
Bearer Note to which it appertains.  Receipts presented without the definitive Bearer Note to which 
they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer.  Upon the date on which any 
definitive Bearer Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Note or Index Linked Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
6.5 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in respect 
of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Note at 
the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by 
transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint 
holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes 
maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (i) where in global form, at the close of the business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for 
business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on 
the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the 
city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. For these 
purposes, Designated Account means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese 
yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by a holder with a 
Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case 
of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) 
any bank which processes payments in euro.

--- Page 85 ---
- 76 - 
 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in 
respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by transfer on the 
due date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for 
business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on 
the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date 
(the Record Date). Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption 
and the final instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal 
amount of such Registered Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of Registered Notes. 
None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership 
interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
6.6 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of 
each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such 
Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for 
their share of each payment so made by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.6, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in 
the United States if: 
(a) 
the relevant Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when 
due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; 
and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the relevant Issuer 
or the Guarantor. 
6.7 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in 
the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9 
(Prescription)) is:

--- Page 86 ---
- 77 - 
 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; 
and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
6.8 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
8 (Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Exempt Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
relevant Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 
8 (Taxation). 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the relevant Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 7.6, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer in whole, 
but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period and not 
more than the maximum period of notice each as specified in the applicable Final Terms to the 
Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), if:

--- Page 87 ---
- 78 - 
 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the relevant Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 
(Taxation) or the Guarantor would be unable for reasons outside its control to procure 
payment by the relevant Issuer and in making payment itself would be required to pay 
such additional amounts, in each case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is 
reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to pay 
such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7.2, the relevant 
Issuer shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent, to make available at its specified office to the 
Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the relevant Issuer or, as the 
case may be, two Authorised Signatories of the Guarantor stating that the relevant Issuer is entitled 
to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the relevant Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the relevant Issuer or, as the 
case may be, the Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result 
of such change or amendment and the Principal Paying Agent shall be entitled to accept the 
certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions set out above, in which event 
it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 7.6 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if appropriate) with any 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
each as specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable (other than in the circumstances set out in the next 
sentence) and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes 
then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
each as specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  
Where the Optional Redemption Amount is Spens Amount or Make-whole Amount, any such 
notice of redemption may, at the relevant Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions 
precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the relevant Issuer's discretion, the Optional 
Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied 
(or waived by the relevant Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such 
notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied 
(or waived by the relevant Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date, or by the 
Optional Redemption Date so delayed. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less 
than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in 
each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount 
of the Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if either Spens Amount or Make-whole 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be: 
(a) 
if Spens Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the higher 
of (i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and

--- Page 88 ---
- 79 - 
 
(ii) the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed multiplied by the price, 
as reported to the relevant Issuer by the Determination Agent, at which the gross 
redemption yield to maturity or, if a Par Call Period is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the yield to the Par Call Period Commencement Date, on such Notes on the 
Reference Date is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield (determined by reference to the 
middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, 
plus the Redemption Margin; or 
(b) 
if Make-whole Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the higher 
of (i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and 
(ii) the sum of the present values of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be 
redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued 
to the date of redemption) and such present values shall be calculated by discounting such 
amounts to the date of redemption on an annual basis (based on the Day Count Fraction 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption 
Margin, all as determined by the Determination Agent. 
In this Condition 7.3: 
DA Selected Bond means a government security or securities (which if the Specified Currency is 
euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Determination Agent as having an 
actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes, that would be 
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable 
maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
Determination Agent means a leading investment bank or financial institution of international 
standing selected by the relevant Issuer; 
Gross Redemption Yield means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such 
security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out 
by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt 
Prices from Yields", page 4, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts"; "Double 
dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" 
(published 8 June 1998, as amended or updated from time to time) on a semi-annual compounding 
basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places) or, if 
such formula does not reflect generally accepted market practice at the time of redemption, a gross 
redemption yield calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as 
determined by the Determination Agent; 
Quotation Time shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the DA Selected Bond; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any date of redemption, (a) the arithmetic average 
of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding 
the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the 
Determination Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal to 
the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity 
(on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond 
(expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date 
of redemption; 
Reference Date will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption;

--- Page 89 ---
- 80 - 
 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the relevant Issuer, 
or their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective 
successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date of redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by 
the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each 
case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted 
in writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; and 
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term to maturity of such Note (or, if a Par 
Call Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the remaining term up to the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date) determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from 
and including the date on which such Note is to be redeemed by the relevant Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 7.3. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will (i) 
in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, not 
more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). In the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
7.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Par Call) 
If Issuer Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the applicable Pricing Supplement to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes then outstanding in whole, but not in part, 
at any time during the Par Call Period specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
at the Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
7.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the applicable Pricing Supplement, upon the holder of any Note giving to the relevant Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the relevant Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem or, 
at its option, purchase such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption 
Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of this Note the holder 
of this Note must, if this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or 
the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such 
Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed 
and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified 
office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the 
holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 7.5 and, 
in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed or purchased and, if 
less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed or 
purchased, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered

--- Page 90 ---
- 81 - 
 
Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2 (Transfers of 
Registered Notes in definitive form). If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must 
be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note 
will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case may be, 
purchase of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on their instruction by 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the 
case may be for them to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar 
(in the case of Registered Notes) by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.5 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption or, as the case may be, purchase, an 
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may 
elect by notice to the relevant Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.5 
and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of 
Default and Enforcement). 
7.6 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) and Condition 10 (Events of Default 
and Enforcement): 
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount being an 
amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = 𝑅𝑃× (1 + 𝐴𝑌)𝑦 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) expressed as a 
decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on 
the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as 
the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal 
to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
7.7 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes may

--- Page 91 ---
- 82 - 
 
be specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement. For 
the purposes of Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), Index Linked Interest Notes and Dual 
Currency Interest Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date.   
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of early redemption, the Early 
Redemption Amount of Instalment Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition and the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
7.8 
Clean-up call 
If the Clean-up Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, in the event that 
Notes representing an aggregate amount equal to or exceeding 80 per cent. of the principal amount 
of the Notes (or such other Clean-Up Call Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
as the case may be, Pricing Supplement) have been purchased and cancelled or redeemed by the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (other than as a result of the exercise by the relevant Issuer of its 
redemption right under Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call))) the 
relevant Issuer may, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), redeem 
on the date specified in such notice all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes in that Series at 
the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
7.9 
Purchases 
The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor may 
at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the 
open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
7.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes 
so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.9 (Purchases) above 
(together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be 
forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
7.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 7.1 (Redemption at maturity ), 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 7.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), 7.4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Issuer Par Call)), Condition 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) or 
Condition 7.8 (Clean-up call) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in 
Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount 
due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided 
in Condition 7.6(b) as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date 
upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the 
date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar and

--- Page 92 ---
- 83 - 
 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices). 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by or on 
behalf of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor will be made without withholding or deduction for 
or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or 
on behalf of a Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such 
event, the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts 
as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts 
or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and 
interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, 
as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in Denmark or the Netherlands; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable to such withheld or deducted taxes or duties in respect of such 
Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of the holder having some connection with a Tax 
Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.7 (Payment Day)); or 
(d) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of, a holder who would not be liable for such 
deduction or withholding if such holder presented any form of certificate or made a 
declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax 
authority; or 
(e) 
in relation to any withholding or deduction pursuant to the Withholding Tax Act 2021 
(Wet Bronbelasting 2021). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
for, or on account of, any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described 
in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, or any official interpretations thereof, or any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
As used in these Conditions: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means Denmark (in the case of payments by Novo Nordisk) or the 
Netherlands (in the case of payments by Novo Nordisk Finance or by Novo Nordisk in 
respect of Notes issued by Novo Nordisk Finance) (or in either case any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax) or any other 
jurisdiction (or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax) to which payments made by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may 
be, of principal and interest on the Notes becomes generally subject to taxation on account 
of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor being present, having assets or carrying on activities 
in that jurisdiction; and 
 (ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, 
if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means 
the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that 
effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices).

--- Page 93 ---
- 84 - 
 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form), Receipts and Coupons will become void unless 
claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of 
principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 
(Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 9 or Condition 6.2 
(Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void 
pursuant to Condition 6.2 (Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons). 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
10.1 
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be 
continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due 
in respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of 15 days in 
the case of principal and 30 days in the case of interest; or 
(b) 
if the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its other 
obligations under these Conditions or the Guarantee and (except in any case where the 
failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is hereinafter 
mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 days next following 
the service by a Noteholder on the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor of 
notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
if (i) any Financial Indebtedness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material 
Subsidiary becomes due and repayable prior to its stated maturity by reason of an event of 
default (however described); (ii) the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material 
Subsidiary fails to make any payment in respect of any Financial Indebtedness on the due 
date for payment (as extended by any originally applicable grace period); (iii) any security 
given by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary for any Financial 
Indebtedness becomes enforceable and steps are taken to enforce the same; or (iv) default 
is made by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary in making any 
payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any Financial 
Indebtedness of any other person; provided that no event described in this subparagraph 
10.1(c) shall constitute an Event of Default unless the relevant amount of Financial 
Indebtedness or other relative liability due and unpaid, either alone or when aggregated 
(without duplication) with other amounts of Financial Indebtedness and/or other liabilities 
due and unpaid relative to all (if any) other events specified in (i) to (iv) above, amounts 
to at least €100,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies; or 
(d) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary, save for the 
purposes of reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution; 
or 
(e) 
if the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary ceases or threatens to cease 
to carry on all or substantially all of its business, save for the purposes of a reconstruction, 
union, transfer, merger, amalgamation or reorganisation on terms previously approved by 
an Extraordinary Resolution and save for, in the case of a Material Subsidiary, the 
purposes of a reorganisation, reconstruction, union, transfer, merger or amalgamation 
pursuant to which its property, assets and undertaking are transferred to one or more of 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or another Material Subsidiary, or the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary becomes insolvent, stops or suspends or 
announces its intention to stop or suspend payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability 
to, pay, or a moratorium is declared in respect of, its debts (or any class of its debts) as

--- Page 94 ---
- 85 - 
 
they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any 
applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(f) 
if (i) proceedings are initiated against the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material 
Subsidiary under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or 
other similar laws, or an application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the 
appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar 
official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar 
official is appointed, in relation to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material 
Subsidiary or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or a substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of any of them, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole 
or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force 
against the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them and (ii) 
in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged within 30 
days; or 
(g) 
if the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Material Subsidiaries (or their respective 
directors or shareholders) initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself 
under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar 
laws (including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or assignment for 
the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors 
generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal 
for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors); 
or 
(h) 
if the relevant Issuer (where the relevant Issuer is Novo Nordisk Finance) ceases to be a 
Subsidiary wholly owned and controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Guarantor; or  
(i) 
if the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor not to 
be, in full force and effect; or 
(j) 
any event occurs which under the laws of any jurisdiction has a similar or analogous effect 
to any of those events mentioned in Condition 10.1(d), 10.1(e), 10.1(f) or 10.1(g) above, 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the relevant Issuer at the specified office of the 
Principal Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent, 
declare any Note held by it to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become 
forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) 
to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
10.2 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Material Subsidiary means, at any particular time, a Subsidiary of Novo Nordisk: 
(a) 
whose total assets excluding intangible assets or whose profit before income taxes 
represent in each case (or, in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial 
period to which the then latest audited consolidated accounts of Novo Nordisk and its 
Subsidiaries relate, are equal to) not less than 15 per cent. of the consolidated total assets 
excluding intangible assets or, as the case may be, consolidated profit before income taxes 
of the Group taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively by reference to the then latest 
audited accounts of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of 
the Group, provided that:  
(i) 
if the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Group show a net loss for 
the relevant financial period then there shall be substituted for the words "profit 
before income taxes" the words "gross sales" for the purposes of this definition;

--- Page 95 ---
- 86 - 
 
(ii) 
in the case of a Subsidiary of Novo Nordisk acquired after the end of the financial 
period to which the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Group relate, 
the reference to the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Group for the 
purposes of the calculation above shall, until consolidated accounts for the 
financial period in which the acquisition is made have been prepared and audited 
as aforesaid, be deemed to be a reference to such first-mentioned accounts as if 
such Subsidiary had been shown in such accounts by reference to its then latest 
relevant audited accounts, adjusted as deemed appropriate by Novo Nordisk; 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets 
of a Subsidiary of Novo Nordisk which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material 
Subsidiary, provided that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer forthwith 
cease to be a Material Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Material 
Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (b) on the date on which the consolidated 
accounts of the Group for the financial period current at the date of such transfer have 
been prepared and audited as aforesaid but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such 
transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on 
which such consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue 
of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any 
other applicable provision of this definition; or 
(c) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the undertaking 
or assets of the transferee Subsidiary, generated (or, in the case of the transferee Subsidiary 
being acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited 
consolidated accounts of the Group relate, generate profit before income taxes equal to) 
not less than 15 per cent. of the consolidated profit before income taxes, or represent (or, 
in the case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 15 per cent. of the consolidated total assets 
excluding intangible assets, of the Group, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph 
(a) above, provided that the transferor Subsidiary (if a Material Subsidiary) shall upon 
such transfer forthwith cease to be a Material Subsidiary unless immediately following 
such transfer its undertaking and assets generate (or, in the case aforesaid, generate profit 
before income taxes equal to) not less than 15 per cent. of the consolidated profit before 
income taxes, or its assets represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 
15 per cent. of the consolidated total assets excluding intangible assets, of the Group, all 
as calculated as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, and the transferee Subsidiary shall 
cease to be a Material Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (c) on the date on which 
the consolidated accounts of the Group for the financial period current at the date of such 
transfer have been prepared and audited but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such 
transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on 
which such consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue 
of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any 
other applicable provision of this definition, 
all as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement. 
A report by two Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of Novo Nordisk 
that in their opinion a Subsidiary of Novo Nordisk is or is not or was or was not at any particular 
time or throughout any specified period a Material Subsidiary of Novo Nordisk, shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the 
claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms 
as to evidence and indemnity as the relevant Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 96 ---
- 87 - 
 
12. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Agents are appointed in connection with any 
Series, the names of such Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The relevant Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent; 
(b) 
so long as any Registered Notes are outstanding, there will be a Registrar and a Transfer 
Agent; 
(c) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place 
as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and 
(d) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor is incorporated. 
In addition, the relevant Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in 
New York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.6 (General provisions applicable to 
payments). Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be 
given to the Noteholders promptly by the relevant Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the relevant Issuer and 
the Guarantor and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any 
Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder. The Agency Agreement contains provisions 
permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated 
or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further 
Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest 
due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 9 (Prescription). 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London. The relevant Issuer or 
the Guarantor (as applicable) shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which 
complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer 
Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including 
publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those 
rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, 
where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in 
all required newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed

--- Page 97 ---
- 88 - 
 
on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that 
stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such mailing the delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them 
to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange 
or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or 
relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or 
places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders 
of the Notes on the day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal 
Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). 
Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder 
of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND SUBSTITUTION 
15.1 
Meetings of Noteholders  
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification 
of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Guarantee or any of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement or the Guarantee. Such a meeting may be convened by the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor and shall be convened by the relevant Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders 
holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining 
outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any 
meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes, the 
Receipts, the Coupons or the Guarantee (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or 
any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate 
of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes, the 
Receipts or the Coupons or amending the Deed of Covenant in certain respects), the quorum shall 
be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly 
convened and held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less 
than three-fourths of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on 
behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing 
system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Principal Paying Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of 
not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in 
each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary 
Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not they are 
present at any meeting and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all Receiptholders 
and Couponholders.

--- Page 98 ---
- 89 - 
 
15.2 
Modification 
The Principal Paying Agent, the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor may agree, without the consent 
of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Guarantee, the 
Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders in the reasonable opinions of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor; or 
(b) 
any modification as a result of the operation of Condition 5.2(f) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation); or 
(c) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, the Guarantee, the Deed of 
Covenant or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is 
made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law in the 
reasonable opinions of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
15.3 
Issuer Substitution 
The relevant Issuer, or any previously substituted company, may at any time, without the consent 
of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal 
debtor under the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons, Novo Nordisk or a Subsidiary of Novo 
Nordisk (the Substitute) in the manner specified in the Agency Agreement, provided that no 
payment in respect of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons is at the relevant time overdue. The 
substitution shall be made by a deed poll (the Deed Poll), to be substantially in the form exhibited 
to the Agency Agreement, and may take place only if: 
(i) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement mutatis mutandis, as if 
it had been an original party thereto and the Substitute shall enter into a deed of covenant 
on the same terms as the Deed of Covenant, mutatis mutandis; 
(ii) 
the Substitute shall, by means of the Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder, 
Receiptholder and Couponholder against any withholding, tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge which is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the 
jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute’s residence for tax purposes and/or, if different, 
of its incorporation with respect to any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Deed of Covenant and 
which would not have been so imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as 
against any withholding, tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or 
expense, relating to the substitution; 
(iii) 
where the Substitute is not Novo Nordisk, the obligations of the Substitute under the Deed 
Poll, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons shall be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Novo Nordisk 
substantially in the form of the guarantee contained in the Deed Poll; 
(iv) 
all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Agency Agreement, 
the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, Receipts and Coupons, mutatis mutandis represent valid, 
legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and in the case of the Deed 
Poll of Novo Nordisk have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect 
and the Substitute, the relevant Issuer or the previously substituted company and the 
Guarantor, if applicable, shall give a representation and warranty to this effect; 
(v) 
the Substitute, if incorporated in a jurisdiction other than England, shall have appointed 
an agent to receive, for and on its behalf, service of process in any proceedings before the 
English courts in relation to any Dispute (as defined below) in England;

--- Page 99 ---
- 90 - 
 
(vi) 
each listing authority and stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes are then admitted to 
listing or trading shall have confirmed that, following the proposed substitution, the Notes 
will be admitted to listing or trading by such listing authority or stock exchange; 
(vii) 
legal opinions, subject to customary assumptions and qualifications, addressed to the 
Noteholders shall have been delivered to them (care of the Principal Paying Agent) from 
a lawyer or firm of lawyers with a leading securities practice in each jurisdiction referred 
to in (ii) above and in England as to the fulfilment of the preceding conditions of this 
Condition 15.3 and the other matters specified in the Deed Poll; 
(viii) 
the relevant Issuer shall have given at least 14 days’ prior notice in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) of such substitution to the Noteholders stating that copies, or, 
pending execution, the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the substitution which 
are referred to above, or which might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to 
Noteholders, will be available for inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying 
Agents; and 
(ix) 
two directors of the relevant Issuer shall have certified to the Principal Paying Agent for 
the benefit of the Noteholders that, following consultation with an independent investment 
bank of international standing, the relevant Issuer has concluded that such substitution will 
not result in the terms of the Notes immediately following such substitution being 
materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the Notes immediately prior to 
such substitution. 
References in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement) to obligations under the Notes 
and/or these Conditions shall be deemed to include obligations under the Deed Poll. 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The relevant Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions 
the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment 
of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
17. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
18.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Guarantee, the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Guarantee, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons are 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
18.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 18.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons, 
including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or 
termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Receipts and/or 
the Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and 
any Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to 
the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.

--- Page 100 ---
- 91 - 
 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 18.2, the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor each waives 
any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or 
inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders 
may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with 
jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
18.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor each irrevocably appoints Novo Nordisk Limited at 3 City 
Place, Beehive Ring Road, Gatwick, West Sussex RH6 0PA, United Kingdom as its agent for 
service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and 
agrees that, in the event of Novo Nordisk Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to 
act, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in 
respect of any Dispute. The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor each agrees that failure by a process 
agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to 
serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
18.4 
Other documents 
The Issuers and, where applicable, the Guarantor have in the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant and the Guarantee submitted to the jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed an 
agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 101 ---
- 92 - 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used by the relevant Issuer for general corporate purposes, 
including refinancing, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or, as the case may be, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 102 ---
- 93 - 
 
DESCRIPTION OF NOVO NORDISK FINANCE 
Novo Nordisk Finance is a private limited liability company (besloten vennootschap) incorporated on 12 
April 2021 under the laws of the Netherlands with Trade Register number 82510148, having its statutory 
seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. 
 
Novo Nordisk Finance was incorporated for the Group’s general corporate purposes including arranging 
for finance for the Group. Novo Nordisk is the ultimate holding company of the Group and Notes issued 
by Novo Nordisk Finance are guaranteed by Novo Nordisk. Novo Nordisk Finance is dependent on 
affiliates and subsidiaries within the Group for revenues and the provision of various corporate services, 
such as IT and human resource services. 
 
Novo Nordisk Finance is wholly owned by Novo Nordisk indirectly through Novo Nordisk Region Europe 
A/S. Novo Nordisk Finance’s principal activity and objects, as stated in Article 2.2 of its articles of 
incorporation, are to participate in other businesses of whatever nature, to take any other interest in or 
conduct the management of those businesses, to attract financing, to finance third parties, to provide 
security or assume liability for the obligations of third parties, and finally all activities which in the broadest 
sense relate to or may promote the objects and all business incidental to any of the activities thereto.  
 
The principal executive and registered office of Novo Nordisk Finance is located at Flemingweg 8, 2408AV 
Alphen aan den Rijn, the Netherlands, with telephone number +45-4444-8888. 
 
Board of Directors of Novo Nordisk Finance  
 
 
Name of Director 
 
 
 
Function 
 
Karsten Munk Knudsen  
 
 
Managing director  
 
Tomas Haagen  
 
 
 
Managing director 
Linette Tangsgaard Nielsen 
 
 
Managing director 
Peter Bøggild 
 
 
 
 
Managing director 
 
The Board of Directors of Novo Nordisk Finance is responsible for the management and supervision of 
Novo Nordisk Finance. 
 
None of the members of the Board of Directors have any potential conflicts of interest between the duties 
to Novo Nordisk Finance and their private interests or other duties. 
 
The business address for each of the above directors is Novo Allé 1, 2880 Bagsværd, Denmark.

--- Page 103 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF NOVO NORDISK 
 
Information on Novo Nordisk 
 
General 
 
Novo Nordisk is a leading global healthcare company incorporated on 28 November 1931 and 
headquartered in Denmark with more than 45,000 employees worldwide. Novo Nordisk is a limited liability 
company, organised under the laws of Denmark and registered with the Danish Business Authority under 
CVR number 24256790. The registered office of Novo Nordisk is Novo Allé 1, 2880 Bagsværd, Denmark. 
The telephone number of Novo Nordisk is +45-4444-8888. 
 
The Novo Nordisk Foundation owns 76.5% of the voting capital and 28.1% of the share capital of Novo 
Nordisk as at 31 December 2020 through Novo Holdings A/S, as outlined on page 36 of the Group’s Annual 
Report 2020, incorporated by reference herein. The Foundation has a dual objective: to provide a stable 
basis for the commercial and research activities conducted by the companies within the Group (of which 
Novo Nordisk is the largest), and to support scientific and humanitarian purposes. Ownership by the Novo 
Nordisk Foundation allows for the implementation of long-term strategies and ensures a long-term focus 
on growth, whilst supporting agile responses to changing circumstances. 
 
Novo Nordisk is not dependent on any other member of the Group.  All companies in the Group which 
undertake significant activities as at 31 December 2020 are listed at Item 5.6 on page 77 of the Group’s 
Annual Report 2020, incorporated by reference herein. 
 
For more information on Novo Nordisk and the Group, please see pages 3 to 10 of the Group’s Annual 
Report 2020, incorporated by reference herein. 
 
Board of Directors  
 
The members of the Board of Directors of Novo Nordisk (Board) as at 31 December 2020, and their roles, 
duties, competences and education details are listed on pages 42 to 44 of the Group’s Annual Report 2020, 
incorporated by reference herein. The business address of the Board is Novo Allé 1, 2880 Bagsværd, 
Denmark. 
 
On 25 March 2021, Henrik Poulsen was elected as a new member of the Board and a member of the Audit 
Committee. Mr Poulsen’s special competencies include extensive executive and board experience in large 
international companies, significant financial knowledge, and in-depth knowledge of strategy, 
transformation, innovation and mergers and acquisitions. Mr Poulsen’s other positions and management 
duties include being Senior Adviser to A.P. Møller Holding A/S, Chair of Færch A/S, Deputy Chair of the 
boards of ISS A/S and Carlsberg A/S, Member of the Supervisory Board of Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA, 
and Board member of Ørsted A/S, a global leader in renewable energy (of which he was CEO and President 
during the period 2012-2020). 
 
Liz Hewitt and Brian Daniels retired as members of the Board on 25 March 2021. 
 
Jeppe Christiansen and Henrik Poulsen are members of the Board of Directors of Novo Holdings A/S, 
Kasim Kutay is the CEO of Novo Holdings A/S and Mette Bøjer Jensen, Anne Marie Kverneland, Stig 
Strøbæk and Thomas Rantzau are elected by employees of Novo Nordisk.  Other than the foregoing, there 
are no potential conflicts of interest between any of the directors’ duties owed to Novo Nordisk and the 
directors’ private interests or other duties. 
 
Executive Management  
 
Novo Nordisk’s Executive Management team as at 31 December 2020 is listed on page 45 of the Group’s 
Annual Report 2020, incorporated by reference herein. 
 
On 1 March 2021, Marcus Schindler and Martin Lange were appointed as new members of the Executive 
Management team.

--- Page 104 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
Marcus Schindler was appointed Executive Vice President Research, Chief Scientific Officer (CSO) and 
head of Research and Early Development. Mr Schindler joined Novo Nordisk in January 2018 as Senior 
Vice President in Research. Before joining Novo Nordisk in 2018, Marcus Schindler held various 
leadership roles in the pharmaceutical industry, working both in international large pharma and biotech 
companies. Marcus is a German national and received his PhD in pharmacology from the University of 
Cambridge, UK, and holds a position as adjunct professor of pharmacology at the University of Gothenburg, 
Sweden. 
 
Martin Holst Lange was appointed Executive Vice President and head of Development. Mr Lange joined 
Novo Nordisk in 2002 as international medical officer and has since held various positions of increasing 
importance and complexity within Development. From 2006-2008, he worked as senior medical director at 
Novo Nordisk Inc. in the US. In 2018, Martin was promoted to SVP of Global Development in Novo 
Nordisk. Martin is a Danish national and received his PhD in endocrinology from the University of 
Copenhagen, Denmark.  
 
Mads Krogsgaard Thomsen retired as a member of the Executive Management team on 28 February 2021. 
 
Strategy 
 
Novo Nordisk is engaged in the discovery and development of innovative biological medicines and making 
them accessible to patients throughout the world. Novo Nordisk’s corporate strategy has four distinct focus 
areas in which it operates: (i) Diabetes care; (ii) Obesity care; (iii) Biopharmaceuticals; and (iv) other 
serious chronic diseases. Novo Nordisk is the global market leader in the fields of diabetes care and obesity 
care, with approximately 30% of the market share in diabetes care and approximately 65% of the market 
share in obesity care4, and enjoys a leading position in the field of haemophilia care, with approximately 
15% of the market share5. Novo Nordisk also aims to establish a presence in fields relating to other serious 
chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease, Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis (NASH) and Alzheimer’s 
disease. 
 
Novo Nordisk’s business is built around the company’s purpose: driving change to defeat diabetes and 
other serious chronic diseases. Currently, 32.8 million people are treated with Novo Nordisk diabetes 
products, with 2.6 million being treated with GLP-1, 3.0 million with new-generation insulin, 13.1 million 
with modern insulin and 12.3 million with human insulins6. Further, Novo Nordisk currently produces 
approximately 50% of the world’s insulin and GLP-17. 
 
Across therapy areas within Novo Nordisk’s strategic scope, the unmet needs of patients remains large and 
increasing. Out of the estimated 463 million people with diabetes8 (this number is expected to increase by 
51% by 20459) research10 indicates that approximately 6% are in good control. Out of the estimated 650 
million people with obesity11 (with significant variation in prevalence across the world) it is estimated12 
                                                          
4 Source: IQVIA MAT (February 2021).  
5 Source: Company reports for the haemophilia market.  
6 Sources: Novo Nordisk sales YTD 2020, WHO, 2020.  
7 Source: IQVIA MAT (February 2021). 
8 Source: International Diabetes Federation, Diabetes Atlas 9th Edition (2019). 
9 Source: International Diabetes Federation, Diabetes Atlas 1st Edition (2000) and Diabetes Atlas 9th 
Edition (2019). 
10 Source: International Diabetes Federation, Diabetes Atlas 9th Edition (2019). 
11 Source: WHO, 2016. 
12 Source: IQVIA MIDAS 2017.

--- Page 105 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
that only approximately 2% are medically treated. Out of the estimated 0.5 million people with 
haemophilia13 research14 estimates that only approximately 25% of them are medically treated.  
 
Further, in relation to other serious chronic diseases, approximately 80% of patients diagnosed with non-
alcoholic steatohepatitis are obese with 35% having Type 2 diabetes mellitus15, approximately 70% of 
diabetes patients die from atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease 16 , approximately 40% of patients 
hospitalised for heart failure are diabetic17, and approximately 50% of patients with chronic kidney disease 
suffer from diabetic nephropathy18.  
 
An overview of Novo Nordisk’s key marketed products within each strategic focus area is available on 
page 25 of the Group’s Annual Report 2020, incorporated by reference herein. Specifically, for the 
treatment of obesity, it should be noted that although some level of specific reimbursement is available in 
key markets such as the U.S., United Kingdom, Canada and Switzerland, treatment is predominantly paid 
for “out of pocket” by patients. 
 
For more information on Novo Nordisk’s strategic aspirations, please see pages 11 to 31 of the Group’s 
Annual Report 2020, incorporated by reference herein. 
 
Performance highlights 
 
Full year 2020 
 
Novo Nordisk’s reported sales growth of 7% at constant exchange rates (CER) for the full year 2020 was 
mainly driven by the Diabetes and Obesity care segments, which represented 85% of total sales. By 
geography the 7% sales growth at CER was driven by 10% sales growth in operations across the Europe, 
Middle East and Africa region (EMEA), China and the rest of the world (RoW) (together, International 
Operations or IO) and 3% sales growth in North America Operations (NAO). The total sales split was 48% 
from NAO and 52% from International Operations. 
 
Novo Nordisk reported a 7% increase in operating profit at CER and an 8% increase in net profit for the 
full year 2020. A full overview of Novo Nordisk’s financial highlights is available on page 10 of the 
Group’s Annual Report 2020, incorporated by reference herein. 
 
Q1 2021 
Novo Nordisk’s sales increased by 7% at CER (against the equivalent period in 2020) to DKK 33.8 billion 
with net profit increasing by 6% in the first three months of 2021 to DKK 12.6 billion. Sales in International 
Operations increased by 9% at CER, and sales in North America Operations increased by 6% at CER (in 
each case against the equivalent period in 2020). Sales within Diabetes and Obesity care increased by 9% 
at CER, driven by GLP-1 growth of 23% at CER (in each case against the equivalent period in 2020) 
reflecting the uptake of Ozempic® and Rybelsus®. Biopharm sales increased by 1% at CER (in each case 
against the equivalent period in 2020). 
 
                                                          
13 Source: World Federation of Hemophilia, Report on the Annual Global Survey 2018. 
14 Source: World Federation of Hemophilia, Report on the Annual Global Survey 2018. 
15 Source: Williams, CD, et al., Gastroenterology (2011), “Prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease 
and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis among a largely middle-aged population utilising ultrasound and liver 
biopsy: a prospective study”. 
16 Source: Abera, SF, et al., J Am Coll Cardiol. (2017) 4;70(1):1-25, “Global, Regional, and National 
Burden of Cardiovascular Diseases for 10 Causes, 1990 to 2015”. 
17 Source: American Heart Association, Report (2017), “Heart Disease and Stroke Statistics – 2017 update”. 
18 Source: Ojo, A, Trans Am Clin Climatol Assoc. (2014) 125:229-43, “Addressing the global burden of 
chronic kidney disease through clinical and translational research”.

--- Page 106 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
Pipeline  
 
Overall, the pipeline supports growth opportunities across all four strategic focus areas.  
 
Novo Nordisk’s key regulatory events and pipeline overview in relation to 2020 are available on pages 23 
to 24 of the Group’s Annual Report 2020, incorporated by reference herein. 
 
Investment events  
 
In 2020, Novo Nordisk completed two smaller “bolt-on” acquisitions that did not impact the profit outlook 
or share buyback programme for 2020: 
 
1. The US-based biotech company Corvidia Therapeutics, to further strengthen its pipeline by 
introducing the anti-IL-6 monoclonal antibody, ziltivekimab, which has shown encouraging phase 
2 results on inflammatory biomarkers in patients with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease and 
chronic kidney disease. Novo Nordisk acquired the company for an upfront payment of U.S.$725 
million in cash, funded from financial reserves. Total payments to Corvidia Therapeutics 
shareholders could ultimately amount to approximately U.S. $2.1 billion in cash upon the 
achievement of certain regulatory and sales milestones by Novo Nordisk. 
 
2. The US-based Emisphere Technologies Inc. (Emisphere), including proprietary technologies that 
enable the oral formulation of therapeutics, including the Eligen® SNAC technology found in 
Rybelsus®, and elimination of future royalty obligations under an existing license agreement. 
Novo Nordisk acquired all outstanding shares in Emisphere for U.S.$1.335 billion, and related 
Eligen® SNAC royalty stream obligations owed to MHR Fund Management LLC (MHR), the 
largest shareholder of Emisphere, for U.S.$450 million. The transaction was debt financed and is 
expected to have a net negative impact of less than one percent on operating profit in 2021 and a 
broadly neutral to positive impact on operating profit in the following years.  
 
Rating 
Novo Nordisk has an investment grade rating of A1 by Moody’s19 and AA- by S&P20.  
Sustainability 
Novo Nordisk takes an active approach to ESG. Although no universal ESG standards exist, Novo 
Nordisk’s approach to ESG is informed by a range of external standards, including those set by the 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board, the World Economic Forum, and the Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosures. Novo Nordisk’s approach has been acknowledged by its ranking by several 
sustainability ranking agencies, including the Access to Medicine Index21, the MSCI22, the Dow Jones 
Sustainability Indexes23, Sustainalytics24, the Carbon Disclosure Project25 and S&P Global26. 
                                                          
19 Source: Moody’s Investors Service. 
20 Source: S&P Global Inc.. 
21 Source: Access to Medicine Index, 2018/2021. 
22 Source: MSCI, 2020/2021. 
23 Source: Dow Jones, 2018. 
24 Source: Sustainalytics, 2021. 
25 Source: Climate Disclosure Project, 2020. 
26 Source: S&P Corporate Sustainability Assessment, 2021.

--- Page 107 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
Certain Danish tax considerations 
The following is a summary description of the taxation in Denmark of the Notes according to the Danish 
tax laws in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the 
interpretation and application thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The summary 
relates to payments from the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, when the paying relevant 
Issuer or the paying Guarantor, as applicable, is a Danish tax resident entity. Please note in this respect 
that Novo Nordisk Finance is a Dutch registered company that is resident for tax purposes in Denmark. 
The summary only sets out the tax position of the direct owners of the Notes and assumes that the holder of 
the Notes are the beneficial owners of the Notes and interest thereon. The summary does not purport to be 
a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, 
hold or dispose of the Notes, and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all 
categories of investors, some of which (such as professional dealers in securities) may be subject to special 
rules. Potential investors are under all circumstances strongly recommended to contact their own tax 
adviser to clarify the individual consequences of their investment, holding and disposal of the Notes. The 
Issuer makes no representations regarding the tax consequences of purchase, holding or disposal of the 
Notes.  
(i) Taxation at source  
 
Under existing Danish tax laws no general withholding tax or coupon tax will apply to payments of interest 
or principal or other amounts due on the Notes, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of 
controlled debt in relation to the Issuer as referred to in section 2 of the consolidated Act No. 251 of 22 
February 2021, as amended (in Danish “Selskabsskatteloven”). This will not have any impact on 
Noteholders who are not directly or indirectly or due to agreed jointly control as mentioned in said Act in 
a relationship whereby they control, or are controlled by, the Issuer. 
(ii) Resident Danish Noteholders  
 
Private individuals, including persons who are engaged in financial trade, companies and similar enterprises 
resident in Denmark for tax purposes or receiving interest on the Notes through their permanent 
establishment in Denmark are liable to pay Danish tax on such interest.  
Capital gains are taxable to individuals and corporate entities in accordance with the Danish act on taxation 
of debt, debt claims and financial contracts (in Danish “Kursgevinstloven”) (the Act). Gains and losses on 
Notes issued to corporate entities are generally included in the taxable income in accordance with a mark-
to-market principle (in Danish “lagerprincippet”), i.e. on an unrealised basis.  
However, gains and losses on Notes issued to individuals are generally included in the taxable income on 
a realised basis and if the annual gains or losses do not exceed DKK 2,000 (2021 level), the gains or losses 
will be exempt from taxation.  
Gains and losses on Notes, which are subject to adjustments on principal or interest as set out in section 
29(3) of the Act will, for corporate entities as well as individuals, be taxable on an annual basis in 
accordance with a mark-to-market principle (in Danish “lagerprincippet”) as further specified in the Act.  
A variety of features regarding interest and principal may apply to the Notes. The applicable taxation of 
capital gains to corporate entities or individuals will depend on the features applicable to the Notes in 
question.  
Pension funds and other entities governed by the Danish act on taxation of pension yield (in Danish 
“Pensionsafkastbeskatningsloven”) would, irrespective of realisation, be taxed on annual value increase or 
decrease of the Notes according to a mark-to-market principle (in Danish “lagerprincippet”) as specifically 
laid down in said Act.  
(iii) Non-Resident Noteholders  
 
Under existing Danish tax laws, payments of interest or principal amounts to any non-resident Noteholders 
are not subject to taxation in Denmark, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled debt

--- Page 108 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
in relation to the Issuer as referred to under “Taxation at source” above. Thus, no withholding tax will be 
payable with respect to such payments and any capital gain realised upon the sale, exchange or retirement 
of a Note will not be subject to taxation in Denmark, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of 
controlled debt in relation to the Issuer as referred to under “Taxation at source” above. 
This tax treatment applies solely to Noteholders who are not subject to full tax liability in Denmark or 
included in a Danish joint taxation scheme and who do not carry on business in Denmark through a 
permanent establishment to which the Notes are allocated.  
Certain Dutch tax considerations  
Novo Nordisk Finance is a private limited liability company (besloten vennootschap met beperkte 
aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under Dutch law. Novo Nordisk Finance will however be effectively 
managed from Denmark. As such it should be considered to be exclusively tax resident in Denmark for 
purposes of the Danish-Dutch Tax Treaty. We refer to the risk factors on tax residency for more 
information. 
This paragraph outlines the principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, settlement, 
redemption and disposal of the Notes. It does not present a comprehensive or complete description of all 
aspects of Dutch tax law which could be relevant to a Noteholder. For the purpose of this paragraph the 
term “Notes” also refers to Coupons, and the term “Noteholders” also refers to Receiptholders and 
Couponholders. 
For Dutch tax purposes, a Noteholder may include an individual or entity that does not hold the legal title 
of the Notes, but to whom or to which, the Notes are, or income from the Notes is, nevertheless attributed 
based either on this individual or entity owning a beneficial interest in the Notes or on specific statutory 
provisions. These include statutory provisions attributing Notes to an individual who is, or who has directly 
or indirectly inherited from a person who was, the settlor, grantor or similar originator of a trust, foundation 
or similar entity that holds the Notes.  
This paragraph is intended as general information only. Prospective Noteholders should consult their own 
tax adviser regarding the tax consequences of any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes. 
This paragraph is based on Dutch tax law as applied and interpreted by Dutch tax courts and as published 
and in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus, including the tax rates applicable on that date, without 
prejudice to any amendments introduced at a later date and implemented with or without retroactive effect.  
Any reference in this paragraph made to Dutch taxes, Dutch tax or Dutch tax law should be construed as a 
reference to any taxes of any nature levied by or on behalf of the Netherlands or any of its subdivisions or 
taxing authorities or to the law governing such taxes, respectively. The Netherlands means the part of the 
Kingdom of the Netherlands located in Europe. 
This paragraph does not describe any Dutch tax considerations or consequences that may be relevant where 
a Noteholder: 
(i) 
is resident or deemed to be resident in the Netherlands; 
 
(ii) 
is an individual and the Noteholder's income or capital gains derived from the Notes are 
attributable to employment activities, the income from which is taxable in the Netherlands; 
(iii) 
has a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or a fictitious substantial interest (fictief 
aanmerkelijk belang) in Novo Nordisk Finance within the meaning of chapter 4 of the Dutch 
Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001). Generally, a Noteholder has a substantial 
interest in Novo Nordisk Finance if the Noteholder, alone or – in the case of an individual – 
together with a partner for Dutch tax purposes, or any relative by blood or by marriage in the 
ascending or descending line (including foster-children) of the Noteholder or the partner, owns or 
holds, or is deemed to own or hold, certain rights to shares, including rights to directly or indirectly 
acquire shares, directly or indirectly representing 5 per cent or more of Novo Nordisk Finance's 
issued capital as a whole or for any class of shares or profit participating certificates

--- Page 109 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
(winstbewijzen) relating to 5 per cent or more of Novo Nordisk Finance's annual profits or 5 per 
cent or more of Novo Nordisk Finance's liquidation proceeds;  
(iv) 
is an entity that, although it is in principle subject to Dutch corporate income tax under the Dutch 
Corporate Income Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969) (the CITA), is not 
subject to Dutch corporate income tax or is fully or partly exempt from Dutch corporate income 
tax (such as a qualifying pension fund as described in section 5 CITA and a tax exempt investment 
fund (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstelling) as described in Section 6a CITA); 
(v) 
is an investment institution (beleggingsinstelling) as described in Section 28 CITA; or  
(vi) 
is an entity that is related (gelieerd) to Novo Nordisk Finance within the meaning of the 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet Bronbelasting 2021). An entity is considered related if (i) it has 
a Qualifying Interest in Novo Nordisk Finance, (ii) Novo Nordisk Finance has a Qualifying 
Interest in the Noteholder, or (iii) a third party has a Qualifying Interest in both Novo Nordisk 
Finance and the Noteholder. The term Qualifying Interest means a direct or indirectly held interest 
– either by an entity individually or jointly if an entity is part of a collaborating group 
(samenwerkende groep) – that enables such entity or such collaborating group to exercise a definite 
influence over another entities' decisions, such as Novo Nordisk Finance or the Noteholder as the 
case may be, and allows it to determine the other entities' activities. 
(i) Withholding Tax   
Any payments made under the Notes will not be subject to withholding or deduction for, or on account of, 
any Dutch Taxes. 
(ii) Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
Non-Dutch Resident Individuals 
An individual who is not resident and not deemed to be resident in the Netherlands will not be subject to 
any Dutch taxes on income or capital gains derived from the purchase, ownership and disposal or transfer 
of the Notes, unless it: 
(i) 
derives profits from an enterprise, whether as entrepreneur or pursuant to a co-entitlement to the 
net worth of this enterprise other than as an entrepreneur or shareholder, and this enterprise is fully 
or partly carried on through a permanent establishment (vaste inrichting) or a permanent 
representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) in the Netherlands, to which the Notes are attributable; 
(ii) 
derives benefits from miscellaneous activities carried on in the Netherlands in respect of the Notes, 
including activities which are beyond the scope of active portfolio investment activities; or 
(iii) 
is entitled to a share - other than by way of securities - in the profits of an enterprise, which is 
effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which the Notes are attributable.  
Non-Dutch Resident Corporate Entities 
An entity that is not resident and not deemed to be resident in the Netherlands will not be subject to any 
Dutch taxes on income or capital gains derived from the purchase, ownership and disposal or transfer of 
the Notes, unless it: 
(i) 
derives profits from an enterprise, which is fully or partly carried on through a permanent 
establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands to which the Notes are attributable; 
or 
(ii) 
is entitled to a share - other than by way of securities - in the profits of an enterprise or a co-
entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and 
to which the Notes are attributable.  
Under certain specific circumstances, Dutch taxation rights may be restricted for non-Dutch resident 
individuals and non-Dutch resident corporate entities pursuant to treaties for the avoidance of double 
taxation.

--- Page 110 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
(iii) Dutch Gift Tax or Inheritance Tax 
No Dutch gift tax or inheritance tax is due in respect of any gift of the Notes by, or inheritance of the Notes 
on the death of, a Noteholder, unless: 
(i) 
the Noteholder is resident, or is deemed to be resident, in the Netherlands at the time of the gift or 
death of the Noteholder; 
(ii) 
the Noteholder dies within 180 days after the date of the gift of the Notes and was, or was deemed 
to be, resident in the Netherlands at the time of the Noteholder's death but not at the time of the 
gift; or  
(iii) 
the gift of the Notes is made under a condition precedent and the Noteholder is resident, or is 
deemed to be resident, in the Netherlands at the time the condition is fulfilled.  
(iv) Other Taxes and Duties 
No other Dutch taxes, including taxes of a documentary nature, such as capital tax, stamp or registration 
tax or duty, are payable by Novo Nordisk Finance or by, or on behalf of, the Noteholder by reason only of 
the issue, acquisition or transfer of the Notes. 
(v) Residency Noteholder 
A Noteholder will not become a resident or deemed resident of the Netherlands by reason only of holding 
the Notes.  
FATCA Disclosure 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. Each Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Denmark and the Netherlands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way 
in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign 
financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or 
an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs 
to instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to 
change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to foreign 
passthru payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is 
two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the 
U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity 
and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months 
after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would 
be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including 
by reason of a substitution of the relevant Issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under 
Condition 16 (Further Issues)) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after 
the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, 
as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these 
rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. 
The proposed Financial Transactions Tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will 
not participate.

--- Page 111 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 112 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 20 May 2021, agreed 
with the Issuers and the Guarantor a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme Agreement, the Issuers (failing which, the 
Guarantor) have agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the 
establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to 
indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the 
securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable 
Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or 
TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche 
of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to 
which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting 
forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Each issuance of Exempt Notes which are also Index Linked Notes or Dual Currency Notes shall be subject 
to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a term of the 
issuance and purchase of such Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be)  in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
EEA. For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 113 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended 
or superseded, MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the 
EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation 
thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in 
that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes; and 
 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be)  in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or

--- Page 114 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication 
in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to 
be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in

--- Page 115 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer 
or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, 
as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise 
in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium 
qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as 
amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or 
delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and 
will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents 
in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Denmark 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver any of the 
Notes directly or indirectly in Denmark by way of public offering, unless in compliance with, as applicable, 
the Prospectus Regulation, the Danish Capital Markets Act, Consolidated Act No. 1767 of 27 November 
2020 as amended and Executive Orders issued thereunder and in compliance with Executive Order No. 
2092 of 14 December 2020 issued pursuant to the Danish Financial Business Act to the extent applicable.  
The Netherlands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that bearer Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form on which interest 
does not become due and payable during their term but only at maturity and other Notes that qualify as 
saving certificates (spaarbewijzen) as defined in the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake 
spaarbewijzen) (the SCA) may only be transferred or accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into 
the Netherlands through the mediation of either an Issuer or a member of Euronext with due observance of 
the provisions of the SCA and its implementing regulations (including identification and registration 
requirements) (as amended). However, no such mediation is required in respect of (i) the initial issue of 
such Notes to the first holders thereof, (ii) the transfer and acceptance by individuals who do not act in the 
conduct of a profession or business, and (iii) the issue and trading of such Notes if they are physically issued 
outside the Netherlands and are not distributed in the Netherlands in the course of primary trading or 
immediately thereafter.  
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than

--- Page 116 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or 
any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuers, 
the Guarantor nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor or the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 117 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme, the issue of Notes and, in the case of Novo Nordisk only, the giving 
of the Guarantee have been duly authorised, as applicable, by (a) resolutions of the Board of Directors of 
Novo Nordisk dated 2 February 2021, and (b) a resolution of the Board of Directors of Novo Nordisk 
Finance dated 20 May 2021. 
Listing of Notes 
Application has been made to (i) Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period 
of twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on 
the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. The approval of the Programme in respect of the Notes was granted 
on or about 20 May 2021. 
Listing Agent 
McCann Fitzgerald Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuers 
in connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin or to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection in electronic form from www.novonordisk.com: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents of each of Novo Nordisk and Novo Nordisk Finance (with an English 
translation thereof); 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Guarantee, the forms of the Global Notes, the 
Notes in definitive form, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(d) 
any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms 
and Pricing Supplements (in the case of Exempt Notes) (save that Pricing Supplements will only 
be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer or the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base 
Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the 
case of Exempt Notes). If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer 
and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 118 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of Novo Nordisk or 
the Group since 31 March 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Novo 
Nordisk since 31 December 2020. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of Novo Nordisk 
Finance since the date of its incorporation and no material adverse change in the financial position or 
prospects of Novo Nordisk Finance since the date of its incorporation. 
Litigation 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened, of which the Issuers or the Guarantor are aware), which may have, or have had 
during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of the Group. 
Auditors 
The 
previous 
auditors 
of 
Novo 
Nordisk 
were 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Statsautoriseret 
Revisionspartnerselskab of Strandvejen 44, 2900 Hellerup, Denmark, registered with the Danish Business 
Authorities and supervised by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, and a member of the 
Association for State Authorised Public Accountants (FSR – Danske Revisorer) who have audited Novo 
Nordisk’s 2019 Financial Statements and 2020 Financial Statements, without qualification, in accordance 
with International Standards on Auditing and the additional requirements applicable in Denmark.  
Novo Nordisk has appointed Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab, registered with the Danish 
Business Authorities and supervised by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and a member 
of the Association for State Authorised Public Accountants (FSR – Danske Revisorer), as auditors of Novo 
Nordisk for the financial year ending 31 December 2021. This appointment was approved by the 
shareholders of Novo Nordisk at its annual general meeting held on 25 March 2021.  
The auditors of Novo Nordisk have no material interest in Novo Nordisk. 
Deloitte Accountants B.V. of Schenkkade 47, 2595 AR, Den Haag, the Netherlands have been appointed 
as independent auditors of Novo Nordisk Finance for the initial accounting period of Novo Nordisk 
Finance, which commenced on 12 April 2021 (being its date of incorporation) and ends on 31 December 
2021. The auditors of Novo Nordisk Finance have no material interest in Novo Nordisk or Novo Nordisk 
Finance.  
Dealers transacting with the Issuers and the Guarantor 
Certain of the Dealers (including for the avoidance of doubt their branches) and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions 
with, and may perform other services for the Issuers and the Guarantor and their respective affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers (including for the avoidance of doubt their branches) 
and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, 
related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies 
on behalf of the Issuers and the Guarantor and their respective affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in 
order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers (including for the avoidance of 
doubt their branches) and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade 
debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) 
for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities 
may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuers and the Guarantor or their respective affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers (including for the avoidance of doubt their branches) or their affiliates that have a 
lending relationship with the Issuers and the Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers 
and the Guarantor consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers 
(including for the avoidance of doubt their branches) and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of

--- Page 119 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers 
(including for the avoidance of doubt their branches) and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions 
in such securities and instruments. 
Websites 
Novo Nordisk's website is www.novonordisk.com. For the avoidance of doubt, the content of any website 
referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Language of this Base Prospectus 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.

--- Page 120 ---
ISSUER 
Novo Nordisk Finance (Netherlands) B.V. 
Flemingweg 8 
2408AV Alphen aan den Rijn  
The Netherlands 
 
ISSUER AND GUARANTOR 
Novo Nordisk A/S 
Novo Alle 1 
2880, Bagsværd 
Denmark 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
6th Floor, Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to Dutch 
law 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to 
Danish law 
De Brauw Blackstone Westbroek London B.V. 
17th Floor 
125 Old Broad Street  
London EC2N 1AR  
United Kingdom 
Gorrissen Federspiel 
Advokatpartnerselskab 
Axeltorv 2 
DK-1609 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to English law 
Slaughter and May 
1 Bunhill Row 
London EC1Y 8YY 
United Kingdom 
 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom

--- Page 121 ---
AUDITORS 
To Novo Nordisk A/S for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 
2020 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Statsautoriseret 
Revisionspartnerselskab 
 
To Novo Nordisk A/S for the financial year 
ending 31 December 2021 
 
Deloitte Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab 
 
 
 
 
DEALERS 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited  
Citigroup Centre  
Canada Square  
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB  
United Kingdom  
 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
England 
 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Centre, Tower H, 
11th Floor Zuidplein 98, 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Helsinki 
Finland 
 
 
Nykredit Bank A/S 
Kalvebod Brygge 1-3 
DK-1780 Copenhagen V 
Denmark

--- Page 122 ---
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 2 
SE-106 70 Stockholm 
Sweden  
 
 
 
 
LISTING AGENT 
McCann Fitzgerald Listing Services Limited 
Riverside One 
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Dublin 2 
D02 X576 
Ireland