--- Page 1 ---
Intern/Internal
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
N.V. NEDERLANDSE GASUNIE 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Netherlands and having its corporate seat in 
Groningen, the Netherlands) 
EUR 7,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
  
Due up to 50 years from the date of Issue 
Under this Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), N.V. Nederlandse 
Gasunie (the "Issuer" or "Gasunie", which term includes, where the context permits, 
Gasunie's subsidiaries) may from time-to-time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in 
any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed EUR 7,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to 
increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified 
under "Overview" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to 
time by the Issuer (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may 
be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this base prospectus (the 
"Prospectus") to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or 
intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe 
for such Notes. Notes may be distributed by way of a public offer or private placements and, 
in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each 
relevant series of Notes (a "Series") or tranche thereof (a "Tranche") will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Final Terms"). 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion 
of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets 
(Autoriteit Financiële Markten, the "AFM"), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The AFM only approves this Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
issuer that is the subject of this Prospectus or of the quality of the securities that are the 
subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the Notes.  
Application has been made to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. ("Euronext Amsterdam") to allow 
Notes issued under the Programme, during the period of 12 months from the date of this 
Prospectus, to be admitted to trading and to be listed on Euronext in Amsterdam. Notes 
being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to 
trading and listing on Euronext in Amsterdam. Euronext in Amsterdam is a regulated market 
for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II").  
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may 
be, on such other or further stock exchanges, automated trading systems, over the counter 
or other securities markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
Intern/Internal
The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any 
market.  
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated 
by the Terms and Conditions (as defined below) of the Notes herein, in which event a 
prospectus supplement or an individual (drawdown or base) prospectus, if appropriate, will 
be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to 
such Notes and, where appropriate, which will be subject to the prior approval by the AFM. 
The full terms and conditions of each Tranche of Notes are constituted by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as set out in full in this Prospectus in "Terms and conditions of the 
Notes" (the "Terms and Conditions") which constitute the basis of all Notes to be offered 
under the Programme, together with the Final Terms applicable to the relevant issue of 
Notes, which apply and/or do not apply and/or supplement the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes in the manner required to reflect the particular terms and conditions applicable to the 
relevant Series of Notes (or Tranche thereof).  
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. The rating of certain Series 
of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
applicable to the Programme. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Community and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation") unless the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency operating in the European Community before 7 June 2010 which has 
submitted an application for registration in accordance with the CRA Regulation and such 
registration is not refused. Each of Moody's Investors Service Limited ("Moody's") and S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") are credit rating agencies established and operating 
in the European Community prior to 7 June 2010 and have submitted an application for 
registration in accordance with the CRA Regulation and as of 31 October 2011 they were 
registered as such. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable on Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR, the 
European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"), is included in ESMA's register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU 
Benchmarks Regulation") and the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
Benchmarks Regulation").  
This Prospectus will be published in electronic form on the Issuer's website 
https://www.gasunie.nl/en/about-gasunie/investor-relations/debt-programmes 
on 
1 October 2024, (the "Publication Date"). Provided that Notes are capable of being issued 
under the Programme, copies of this Prospectus will be available, free of charge, during 
normal office hours from the registered office of the Issuer by contacting the Issuer's 
Investor Relations department by email: ir@gasunie.nl.  
This Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation 
for 12 months from 1 October 2024 and its validity will expire on 1 October 2025. The 
obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, 
material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that 
period.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
Intern/Internal
The date of this Prospectus is 1 October 2024. 
Arranger 
NATWEST MARKETS 
Dealers 
ABN AMRO 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
NATWEST MARKETS 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
ING 
RABOBANK

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
Intern/Internal
CONTENTS 
 
 
OVERVIEW ....................................................................................................................................... 5 
RISK FACTORS .............................................................................................................................. 12 
IMPORTANT NOTICE ..................................................................................................................... 34 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................... 40 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................... 42 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................ 56 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............... 88 
USE OF PROCEEDS ...................................................................................................................... 91 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ................................................................................................... 96 
TAXATION .................................................................................................................................... 141 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ......................................................................................................... 148 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................... 154

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
Intern/Internal
OVERVIEW 
This overview (the "Overview") must be read as an introduction to this Prospectus 
and any decision to invest in any Notes should be based on a consideration of this 
Prospectus as a whole, including the documents incorporated by reference. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of 
Article 25(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions shall have the same meanings 
in this Overview. 
 
Issuer: 
N.V. Nederlandse Gasunie 
Description Issuer: 
Gasunie is one of Europe's leading gas transmission 
companies by volumes transported. Gasunie is the 
wholly 
state-owned 
holding 
company 
of 
the 
Transmission System Operator ("TSO") in the 
Netherlands, Gasunie Transport Services ("GTS"). 
Gasunie, through its wholly owned subsidiary Gasunie 
Deutschland ("GUD"), is also the owner of a gas 
transport network in the north of Germany. In addition, 
Gasunie owns and participates in other gas 
infrastructure such as, gas storage, liquefied natural 
gas ("LNG") terminal and international pipelines. 
Gasunie plays a strategically important role in the 
security of supply, as its network allows Dutch gas to 
be transported from the large Groningen field and the 
small onshore and offshore fields in the Netherlands 
to large export markets such as Germany, and also 
facilitates the import of gas from outside the European 
Union to the European market.  
Risk Factors: 
 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme. These factors relate to regulatory and 
legislative risks, operational risk factors, risks related 
to substantial projects, (re-)financing risks, interest 
rate risks, credit risks, credit rating risks, risks related 
to financial instruments, risks related to a lower 
utilisation rate, geopolitical risks and sanctions, 
dependency of international gas flows, dependence 
on licenses and authorisations, environmental risks 
and contingencies, influence of the State as the sole 
shareholder of the Issuer, possible future minority 
privatisation, strategic risks and risk relating to market 
developments, risks resulting from joint ventures and 
collaborations, risks related to the holding character 
of Gasunie and restrictions on distributions by Group 
companies affecting Gasunie's cash position. 
These factors are further explained under "Risk 
Factors". In addition, there are certain factors which

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
Intern/Internal
are material for the purpose of assessing market risks 
associated with Notes generally, as well as factors 
which are material for the purpose of assessing the 
market risks related to the structure of a particular 
issue of Notes issued under the Programme, being 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer, for 
example Fixed/Floating Rate Notes and Notes issued 
at a substantial discount or premium, see "Risk 
Factors". 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Dealers:  
 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
BNP Paribas 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
ING Bank N.V. 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with 
the Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of 
the Notes in the United States, the United Kingdom, 
the 
European 
Economic 
Area 
(including 
the 
Netherlands, France and Italy), Japan and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the 
offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year  
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if 
the proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United 
Kingdom, constitute deposits for the purposes of the 
prohibition on accepting deposits contained in Section 
19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the "FSMA") unless they are issued to a limited class 
of professional investors and have a denomination of 
at least £100,000 or its equivalent in other currencies. 
See "Subscription and Sale". 
Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, Notes may be issued in 
Euros, U.S. dollars, Sterling, Swiss francs, Japanese 
yen or in such other currency or currencies as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Size: 
Up to EUR 7,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other 
currencies at the date of issue) in aggregate principal 
amount of Notes outstanding at any one time.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
Intern/Internal
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, Notes will have maturities 
of up to 50 years from the date of issue.  
Issue price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount or premium to their nominal amount. 
Method of Issue: 
Notes may be issued by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. The Notes will be issued in one or 
more Series (which may be issued on the same date 
or which may be issued in more than one Tranche on 
different dates), maturing on the same date, bearing 
interest (if any) on the same basis and otherwise on 
identical terms. The Notes with respect to each Series 
may be issued in Tranches on a continuous basis with 
no minimum issue size. Further Notes may be issued 
as part of an existing Series. 
Fixed Interest Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or 
dates in each year specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and at maturity. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest set separately 
for each Series as follows: 
(i)  
on the same basis as the floating rate under a national 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions (as published by International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of 
the relevant Series) as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(ii)  
by reference to EURIBOR appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service as 
adjusted for any applicable margin.  
Interest Rate adjustment for 
Sustainability-Linked Notes: 
Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes issued by 
the Issuer may be subject to a Step Up Option and/or 
a Step Down Option if the applicable Final Terms 
indicates that the Step Up Option and/or the Step 
Down Option are applicable.  
If the applicable Final Terms indicates that the Step 
Up Option is applicable, the Initial Rate of Interest or 
Initial Margin for Sustainability-Linked Notes will be as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, 
for any Interest Period commencing on or after the 
Interest Payment Date immediately following a Step 
Up Event, if any, the Initial Rate of Interest or Initial

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
Intern/Internal
Margin shall be increased by the Step Up Margin 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
If the applicable Final Terms indicates that the Step 
Down Option is applicable, the Initial Rate of Interest 
or the Initial Margin for Sustainability-Linked Notes will 
be as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided 
that, for any Interest Period commencing on or after 
the Interest Payment Date immediately following a 
Step Down Event, if any, the Initial Rate of Interest or 
Initial Margin shall be decreased by the Step Down 
Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The adjustment in the Initial Rate of Interest or Initial 
Margin will be triggered by the occurrence of a Step 
Up Event or a Step Down Event, linked to the ability 
of the Issuer to achieve certain sustainability 
performance targets in relation to its Methane 
Emissions and CO2 Emissions, as further described in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the 
applicable Final Terms, or the ability of the Issuer to 
report on such key performance indicators at the 
required time.  
A Step Up Event may only occur once during the term 
of a Series of Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes, 
unless the applicable Final Terms indicates that the 
Step Down Option is also applicable and the Step Up 
Event occurs again after the occurrence of a Step 
Down Event. 
A Step Down Event may only occur once during the 
term of a Series of Sustainability-Linked Step Down 
Notes unless the applicable Final Terms indicates that 
the Step Up Option is also applicable and the Step 
Down Event occurs again after the occurrence of a 
Step Up Event. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal 
amount or at a discount and will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The length of the Interest Periods for the Notes 
and the applicable interest rate or its method of 
calculation may differ from time to time or be constant 
for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest 
rate, a minimum interest rate or both. All such 
information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the basis for 
calculating the redemption amounts payable. 
Notes issued on terms that they must be redeemed 
before their first anniversary may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
Intern/Internal
See "Certain Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of 
less than one year" above. 
Premium Payment Amounts in 
relation to Sustainability-Linked 
Notes: 
If the applicable Final Terms indicates that the 
Premium Payment Option is applicable to any series 
of Notes, the Issuer may be required to pay in respect 
of each such Sustainability-Linked Redemption 
Premium Note a Premium Payment Amount on the 
Premium Payment Date, each as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The requirement to make 
payment of the relevant Premium Payment Amount on 
the relevant Premium Payment Date will be triggered 
by the occurrence of a Premium Trigger Event, linked 
to the failure of the Issuer to achieve certain 
sustainability linked performance targets in relation to 
its Methane Emissions and CO2 Emissions, as further 
described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
and the applicable Final Terms, or the failure of the 
Issuer to report on such key performance indicators at 
the required time.  
Form of Notes: 
 
Each Tranche will be represented by a permanent 
global note (a "Permanent Global Note"), or initially 
be represented by a temporary global note (a 
"Temporary Global Note" and together with any 
Permanent Global Note, the "Global Notes"), which 
in each case will be deposited on its date of issue with 
a common depositary or a common safekeeper, as the 
case may be, on behalf of the ICSDs and/or any other 
agreed clearing system. No interest will be payable in 
respect of a Temporary Global Note, except as 
described under "Summary of Provisions Relating to 
the Notes while in Global Form". Interests in a 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for 
interests in a Permanent Global Note after the date 
falling 40 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. Interests in a Permanent Global Note will 
be exchangeable for definitive Notes in bearer form 
("Definitive Notes") as described under "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global 
Form". 
Denomination: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that (i) the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
specified currency, (ii) in the case of any Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the United Kingdom or the European Economic 
Area or offered to the public in the United Kingdom or 
a Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
Intern/Internal
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum specified denomination shall be EUR 
100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at 
the date of issue of the Notes) and (iii) unless 
otherwise permitted by then current laws and 
regulations, Notes which have a maturity of less than 
one year will have a minimum denomination of EUR 
100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of 
Notes will state whether such Notes may be redeemed 
prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer 
(either in whole or in part) and/or the holders and, if 
so, the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption" above, 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
prior to maturity only for tax reasons. 
Listing: 
Application has been made to list Notes issued under 
the 
Programme 
on 
Euronext 
in 
Amsterdam. 
Applications for listing of Notes issued under the 
Programme may be made to other exchanges 
provided that, in the case of a listing on a regulated 
market, a prospectus supplement or individual 
(drawdown or base) prospectus is published. As 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, a series of Notes 
may be unlisted. 
Rating: 
Tranches of Notes will be rated or unrated. Where a 
tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Use of Proceeds 
The proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes 
will be applied for the general corporate purposes of 
the Issuer. If, in respect of any particular issue, there 
is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be 
stated in the applicable Final Terms.  
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will allocate an amount equal to the proceeds from an 
offer of Notes specifically to (in)directly finance and/or 
refinance Eligible Green Projects (as defined in the 
"Use of Proceeds" section) under the Issuer's Green 
Financing Framework (as defined in the "Use of 
Proceeds" section) and such Notes may also be 
referred to as "Green Bonds". See "Use of Proceeds" 
below.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Intern/Internal
Status of Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, as more fully described in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes".  
Negative Pledge:  
As described in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Condition 3 Negative Pledge". 
Cross Default: 
As described in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Condition 9(e) Events of Default". 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the 
Notes will be made free and clear of withholding taxes 
of 
the 
Netherlands 
(except 
in 
exceptional 
circumstances) 
as 
described 
in 
"Terms 
and 
Conditions of the Notes – Condition 7 Taxation". 
Governing Law: 
Dutch law, which is the law directly applicable in the 
Netherlands, being the part of the Kingdom of the 
Netherlands located in Europe.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Intern/Internal
RISK FACTORS 
Before investing in the Notes, prospective investors should consider carefully all of the 
information in this Prospectus, including the following specific risks in addition to the other 
information set out in this Prospectus. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which 
may or may not occur. Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose 
of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also 
described below. 
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the 
order in which the remaining risks are presented is not necessarily an indication of the 
likelihood of the risks actually materialising, of the potential significance of the risks or of 
the scope of any potential negative impact to the Issuer's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. The Issuer may face a number of these risks described 
below simultaneously and some risks described below may be interdependent. While the 
risk factors below have been divided into categories with each risk being discussed in the 
most appropriate category, some risk factors could belong in more than one category and 
prospective investors should carefully consider all of the risk factors set out in this section. 
If any of the following risks actually occur, the Issuer's business, results of operations or 
financial condition could be materially adversely affected, and this could result in an inability 
to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes. The Issuer 
believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent in investing 
in Notes issued under the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes for other reasons. The risks 
described below are not the only risks the Issuer faces. Additional risks not presently known 
to the Issuer or that it currently believes to be immaterial could also have a material impact 
on its business, results of operations or financial condition and may result in an inability to 
pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes. Prospective 
investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus 
(including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior 
to making any investment decision. Furthermore, before making an investment decision 
with respect to any Notes, prospective investors should consult their own stockbroker, bank 
manager, lawyer, auditor or other financial, legal and tax advisers and carefully review the 
risks associated with an investment in the Notes and consider such an investment decision 
in light of the prospective investor's personal circumstances.  
Any references in this Prospectus to the "Group" are to the Issuer and its subsidiaries, 
affiliates and participations taken as a whole. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
A. Risks relating to the Issuer's business operations 
Dependency on licences and authorisations 
Gasunie's subsidiaries are dependent on licences, subsidies, authorisations, exemptions, 
certifications and/or dispensations in order to operate their businesses. These licences, 
authorisations, exemptions, certifications and/or dispensations, may be subject to 
amendments and/or additional conditions. The imposing of additional conditions and/or the 
revoking or refusing of licences, authorisations, exemptions, certifications, and/or

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Intern/Internal
dispensations, may cause operational problems and delays in ongoing projects and 
operations. Such effects could have a significant adverse effect on Gasunie's cash flows 
and operating results. 
Impact of regulatory and legislative risks  
Gasunie's business model is dependent on, and subject to, European Union ("EU") and 
national legislation and regulation, including economic regulation, energy market regulation, 
and environmental regulation. Any changes in, or adverse applications of, EU and national 
governmental legislation and regulation, could have a material adverse effect on Gasunie's 
business prospective, cash flows, and operating results. 
In the Netherlands and in Germany, the allowed revenue and tariffs on gas transport and 
related services, are regulated and therefore set, respectively approved, by the competent 
National Regulatory Authority ("NRA"). Gasunie faces risks in relation to this allowed 
revenue for gas transport and related services. The allowed revenue is based on actual 
costs incurred and several other variables such as: the allowed weighted average cost of 
capital ("WACC"), the value of the regulated asset base, the depreciation periods used for 
the various assets, the expected productivity growth and the Transmission System 
Operator's ("TSO") relative efficiency score as determined by the competent NRA. Changes 
in the values of the parameters of the regulatory variables, or in the regulatory methodology 
used, will impact the allowed revenue levels of Gasunie and may therefore significantly 
impact its cash flows and operating results. The current regulatory period in the Netherlands 
runs from 2022 until 2026. In Germany, the current regulatory period runs from 2023 until 
2027. 
Changes in legislation can have a profound impact on Gasunie. Relevant secondary 
legislation (network codes) is developed in bodies such as the European Network of 
Transmission System Operators for Gas ("ENTSOG") of which Gasunie's TSOs are a 
member. Furthermore, Gasunie tries to ensure that (new) legislation enables Gasunie to 
continue its operations through consultations and dialogue with legislators and policy 
makers. Nevertheless, the establishment and definitive substance of relevant EU legislation 
may still result in changes in legislation which are unfavourable for Gasunie. This may have 
an adverse impact on Gasunie's business prospective, cash flows, and operating results. 
In addition, for some of Gasunie's new energy activities, new regulation is expected. The 
development of European and national laws and regulations regarding the energy transition 
may result in legislative uncertainty and be subject to change. Gasunie anticipates on this 
new regulation to the extent possible, whilst being aware that new regulation is an act of 
Parliament and government. In case of deviations in the regulation from Gasunie's 
expectations, this may have an adverse impact on Gasunie's business prospective, cash 
flows, and operating results. 
Risks related to a lower utilisation rate 
Several factors, such as the possibility of an economic slowdown and/or a faster than 
anticipated move towards other forms of energy can contribute to a decline in demand for 
gas and gas transmission, leading to a lower utilisation rate of the gas transportation 
system. In addition, declining production levels of natural gas in North-West Europe in 
general and the closure of the Groningen gas field in the Netherlands per October 2023 
may result in a lower utilisation rate of the gas transportation system. Moreover, customer 
contracts tend to become shorter in duration, which inherently creates more uncertainty with 
respect to future revenues than contracts with a longer duration. Finally, the ongoing war in 
Ukraine creates uncertainty around the sources of supply of gas to North-West Europe. 
Before the Russian invasion, Russia supplied about 15% of the Netherlands and about 40%

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Intern/Internal
of Germany's natural gas needs. For the foreseeable future, these supplies need to be 
replaced by domestic gas or gas imported from other sources. 
The system of revenue regulation that is currently in place mitigates any adverse effects of 
the lower utilisation rate on the revenues of Gasunie's regulated entities. However, in the 
longer term, as a lower utilisation rate causes tariffs to increase, lower utilisation rates might 
drive the regulator or legislator to reconsider the regulatory parameters or the regulation 
methodology itself. If, as a result of a lower utilisation rate, the regulator or legislator would 
decide to change the regulatory framework, this could result in significant material adverse 
effects on the Group's cash flows and operating results, as set out in more detail under the 
risk factor "Impact of regulatory and legislative risks". 
The companies in Gasunie's business unit Participations, which represents 25% of total 
turnover and 14% of total asset base of the Group in 2023, are not revenue-regulated or 
are exempted from regulation, and experience direct market risk as a result. Therefore, if 
the existing contracts of this business unit are not renewed or not renewed on the same 
terms and conditions, this could materially adversely affect the Group's cash flows and 
operating results.  
Dependency on international gas flows 
The closure of the Groningen gas field results in a higher asset dependency on international 
gas flows. With the closure of domestic onshore production, the replacement volumes 
required come from Norway, domestic offshore production, the United Kingdom and a 
variety of international sources including LNG imports. The LNG market is a global market, 
where prices are dictated by global demand and supply and by geopolitical developments 
that can cause volatility and high prices. Price and volatility developments may in particular 
affect EET (the floating LNG terminal in the Eemshaven in which Gasunie holds a 50% 
interest) as a certain amount of LNG might be required to meet the technical specifications 
of the installation and therefore material additional costs may have to be made. 
Insufficient European import capacity and/or gas flows, as well as high and volatile price 
levels, may have an effect on supply security and thereby may spur adverse effects on gas 
demand and the position of gas in the energy mix. This could subsequently have adverse 
effects on the utilisation rate of the gas transportation system and Gasunie's financial 
position in the long run, as set out under the risk factor "Risks related to a lower utilisation 
rate". 
Risks related to substantial infrastructural projects 
Gasunie is likely to be involved in substantial infrastructural projects in the future, as a result 
of its activities in the phasing out of Groningen gas production, security of supply and energy 
transition. Besides completion risks, subsidy risks, and risks relating to changing views by 
the government on the need for such projects and/or timing thereof and/or the amount of 
investment/support provided by the government, unexpected risks or liabilities may develop 
which were not identified in a due diligence investigation. Furthermore, investments in 
energy infrastructure may be characterised by long payback periods and are often 
dependent on long-term demand for asset utilization. As a consequence of the energy 
transition, there exists both long-term demand uncertainty with regard to gas transmission 
and storage (methane), as well for infrastructure services and alternative energy carriers.  
Substantial infrastructure projects may be accompanied by potential reputational risks in 
relation to the execution of such investments. Significant project delays, budget overruns, 
or other undesired events occurring during the preparation and execution of such projects,

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
Intern/Internal
could put pressure on the public perception of Gasunie, which could then result in adverse 
effects on Gasunie's license-to-operate and/or license-to-grow. 
High energy prices and the impact of the war in Ukraine are two major risk drivers for 
substantial infrastructure projects as they might have a disruptive impact on the materials 
supply chain. High energy prices may lead to under-utilisation of production facilities, while 
export of raw materials from Russia and Ukraine are under pressure due to sanctions and 
inability to produce due to the conflict. As a result, these factors might impact prices of 
materials and delivery times. 
With regard to investments in regulated assets, budget overruns on projects, or standards 
or benchmarks imposed by the regulator, could lead to the regulator judging the investment 
to be (partially) inefficient which could then lead to an unprofitable investment. Furthermore, 
part of Gasunie's investment plan is non-discretionary since it is directly related to its 
statutory tasks, as a result of which Gasunie has relatively limited flexibility to cancel or 
delay this part of the investment plan. Such risks could thus have a material adverse effect 
on cash flows and operating results. 
High and volatile energy prices 
Between mid-2021 and mid-2023, European gas prices were considerably higher than 
before due to restricted supplies of Russian gas. Gasunie-subsidiaries are large users of 
energy, needed to keep pressure on transmission and storage assets due to compression 
requirements in its transmission network. The higher energy prices impact a number of 
Gasunie's participations as the higher prices can only to a limited extent be carried forward 
to their customers and must be born partially by the participations themselves. GTS can 
recover all the costs of energy via its tariffs, taking into consideration a bonus-malus 
methodology of 5%. Due to the German regulation, GUD is not exposed to this 
development. See also "Description of the Issuer 7.2.1. GTS – D. Regulatory framework 
and recent and future regulatory developments".  
Furthermore, the creditworthiness of the Group's customers may be impacted as their 
liquidity and profitability are affected by these high and volatile energy prices. If these 
customers of our regulated entities were to go bankrupt, this could have short-term 
consequences for the Group's liquidity and profitability. Our subsidiaries may be asked to 
act as financial guarantors for gas supplies during a supplier's suspension of payments or 
to purchase natural gas for protected end-users affected by the suspension. The potential 
loss of income or write-offs on outstanding debentures will be compensated by the regulated 
revenue model but only after completion of the aforementioned bankruptcy. Additionally, 
this may impact the utilisation rates of the Group's infrastructure, which could materially 
adversely affect the Group's cash flows and operating results as described under the risk 
factor "Risks related to a lower utilisation rate". 
Geopolitical risks and sanctions 
The gas industry, and in connection thereto the gas transmission and storage services 
provided by Gasunie, may be affected by political developments. In the worst case, political 
turmoil may cause a (temporary) interruption in international gas flows and consequent 
pressure on supply security. This may lead to adverse effects on the utilisation of Gasunie's 
assets and therefore on Gasunie's revenue model for the duration of the interruption. This 
could have material adverse effects on Gasunie's cash flows and operating results. 
Furthermore, political sanctions could make it difficult for Gasunie's business units to 
continue to engage in existing business and future business activities with entities targeted 
by such sanctions. This could have adverse consequences on Gasunie's cash flows,

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Intern/Internal
operating results, and its ability to effectively execute its strategy. In addition, the Group´s 
financing documentation contains sanctions clauses requiring the Group to act in 
compliance with all sanctions applicable to it. Any breach in such compliance may lead to 
the loans becoming immediately due and payable and thus having a material adverse effect 
on the liquidity and financial position of Gasunie. 
Gasunie has a 9% participation in Nord Stream A.G., operator of two subsea pipelines 
between Russia and Germany. On 26 September 2022, both Nord Stream transport 
pipelines were severely damaged by a number of explosions and as a result could not be 
used for gas transport. At the end of 2022, Gasunie considered several scenarios regarding 
the future of Nord Stream A.G. and assessed their financial implications. Based on our 
updated risk assessment including our expectations regarding future dividends, Gasunie 
have decided to set the value of its interest in Nord Stream A.G. at € nil at year-end 2022. 
Further information on Nord Stream A.G. is included in"Description of the Issuer 7.2.3 C. 
Participations".  
Sanctions which prohibit banks from continuing their financing to Nord Stream A.G. could 
lead to the existing financing being immediately repayable. Nord Stream A.G. may in that 
case not have the funds to repay such loans and may experience financial difficulties. 
Gasunie as a shareholder in Nord Stream A.G. cannot be held liable to pay for any 
additional amounts and has – as security for the banks – only pledged its shares in Nord 
Stream A.G. to the banks. Therefore, Gasunie's risk in case of bankruptcy of Nord Stream 
A.G. is limited to the value of its shares in Nord Stream A.G.  
In addition, the events in Ukraine, amongst others, significantly diminished the supply of 
Russian gas to North-West Europe. Such supplies need to be replaced by domestic or gas 
imported from other sources and could impact the utilisation rate and subsequently the 
Group's cash flows and operation results as set out under the risk factor "Risks related to a 
lower utilisation rate", may lead to high(er) and volatile energy prices and must be partially 
born by Gasunie's participations as set out under the risk factor "High and volatile energy 
prices" and may impact substantial infrastructure projects as they might have a disruptive 
impact on the materials supply chain subsequently leading to a potential material adverse 
effect on cash flows and operating results as set out under the risk factor "Risks related to 
substantial infrastructural projects". 
Operational risk factors 
Disruptions of gas transmission, transportation or infrastructure or other constraints or 
inefficiencies, including unplanned repairs and maintenance works, may have a direct effect 
on Gasunie's income. Any disruption and/or outages of Gasunie's or any related transport 
systems and/or infrastructure, whether due to defaults of any party or due to natural 
disasters or circumstances – e.g. earthquakes, floods, storm, extreme winter 
circumstances, fire, terrorist attacks or otherwise – may significantly adversely affect 
Gasunie's ability to fulfil its obligations towards its customers. 
Gasunie owns and operates vital infrastructure in the form of gas pipelines and storage 
facilities. A well-functioning and reliable IT infrastructure is essential for the relevant gas 
transmission and storage services provided. Any disruptions, including those caused by 
cyber-attacks, may cause a discontinuity of such services. Many of the complex IT 
applications which Gasunie's subsidiaries use for gas transmission and storage services, 
are developed in-house. Nevertheless, the dependence on external parties in the provision 
of IT services is increasing. Moreover, the increasing dependence of primary and secondary 
business processes on IT solutions, which are increasingly complex, may increase the 
exposure of such processes to interruptions. In the case of primary processes, such events

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
Intern/Internal
could have a significant material adverse effect on Gasunie's ability to fulfil its obligations 
towards its customers. 
Such circumstances may, apart from loss of business, also result in Gasunie, although 
contractually limited, being held liable to provide its customers or any other affected parties 
with financial compensation of any kind. The foregoing could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's cash flows and operating results. 
Environmental risks and contingencies  
Gasunie has established environmental policies in order to meet all applicable 
environmental standards. Personal and external safety, health, and environment are central 
to Gasunie's policies, decision-making, and operations. However, Gasunie's operations 
may be potentially hazardous, and may be subject to the risk of liability arising from 
environmental damages or pollution, as well as requirements to pay for clean-up costs, 
damages, or other costs. Such requirements could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's cash flows and operating results.  
Furthermore, a disruption in gas transmission and storage services may lead to 
contingencies and may affect the public attitude towards Gasunie and gas infrastructure in 
general, which could materially affect Gasunie's license-to-operate and/or license-to-grow. 
Strategic risks and risks relating to market developments 
 
Gasunie periodically evaluates and, where necessary, updates its strategy to ensure that its 
strategy and underlying principles and assumptions, are at all times in line with developments 
relating to inter alia markets, the energy transition, regulation and financing. However, there 
can be no assurance that Gasunie will always be able to timely or effectively implement 
sufficient measures to achieve this. Gasunie identifies strategic risks with regard to the 
development of its New Energy activities. 
 
Various uncertainties exist in the development of Gasunie's New Energy strategy. The 
associated investment portfolio is foreseen to include projects in green gas, carbon capture, 
usage and storage ("CCUS"), heat networks, and hydrogen. The development of such 
businesses is in many cases contingent on the precise legal mandate and associated 
regulation that will be developed for these markets, which will also determine the role of 
Gasunie's entities in such markets. Furthermore, risks relating to such projects include risks 
relating to changing views by the government on the need for such projects and/or timing 
thereof and/or the amount of investment/support provided by the government, including the 
subsidies provided by the government for such projects. 
 
Moreover, legally enforced rules on nitrogen depositions may affect Gasunie's New Energy 
business development operations in the Netherlands. The country faces high levels of nitrogen 
deposition, primarily caused by agricultural activities and industrial emissions, which have 
detrimental effects on sensitive ecosystems. This so called 'nitrogen crisis' has legal 
implications as the country's construction projects must comply with strict nitrogen emission 
regulations. These regulations aim to minimize further environmental damage, but they have 
hampered new construction plans because projects need to demonstrate their limited nitrogen 
impact, leading to delays and challenges in obtaining permits for development. Such 
challenges could lead to delays in Gasunie's New Energy business development activities and 
strategy in the Netherlands. 
 
In addition, the development of the sustainable energy portfolios is often dependent on the 
progress of new and complex technologies, the success of which can be uncertain. Any delays 
in the development of such technologies, or any developments deviating from Gasunie's

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
Intern/Internal
expectations regarding future technologies, may result into the delayed execution of its 
strategy. 
 
Moreover, Gasunie is often dependent on the development of upstream markets (production) 
and downstream markets (consumption) for alternative energy carriers in order to invest in 
infrastructure services. Any delays in the development of such upstream and downstream 
markets may result in the delayed execution of its strategy. 
 
Given the innovative nature of investments in energy transition projects, the development of 
such projects is often contingent on public support, both in terms of the willingness of the public 
to accept alternative energy solutions, and in terms of the financial support from public sources 
in the form of direct contributions and/or guarantees. The absence of such support may result 
in the delayed execution of Gasunie's strategy. 
B. Risks relating to the Financing of the Issuer 
(Re-)financing risks 
Problems that may impact the domestic and international debt and equity markets generally 
may adversely affect the availability and cost of funding for Gasunie. The envisaged capital 
expenditures and ensuing (re-)financing needs of Gasunie will require that it seeks external 
financing, either in the form of public or private financing or other arrangements, which may 
not be available at acceptable terms or may not be available at all. Any such limitations to 
the access of Gasunie to the capital markets could limit Gasunie's liquidity, its financial 
flexibility, its ability to fulfil its obligations with respect to payments of interest and principal 
and/or its cash flows and affect its ability to execute its strategic plans, which could have a 
material adverse effect on Gasunie's business, financial condition and net income. 
In order to mitigate the risk of the inability to secure timely financing, Gasunie has a 
committed EUR 1,050,000,000 standby revolving credit facility ("RCF") with a syndicate of 
six banks. The RCF was concluded for an original amount of EUR 600,000,000 on 16 April 
2020 and has an original maturity of 5 years. In the first quarters of 2021 and 2022, Gasunie 
extended the facility twice by one year to 16 April 2027. Gasunie increased the RCF on 30 
April 2024 with an additional aggregate amount of EUR 450,000,000. However, there can 
be no assurance that this amount will suffice in case capital markets remain closed or do 
not have sufficient capital available for a prolonged period of time.  
 
In order to mitigate the risk of refinancing the existing debt, Gasunie intends to create and 
maintain a well-balanced repayment profile of the outstanding debt.  
Besides the (re)financing risks there may also be a risk of Gasunie unintentionally not 
complying with certain provisions in the financing documentation (including, but not limited 
to, customary obligations to comply with sanctions and anti-bribery laws (see for more detail 
also risk factor "Impact of sanctions on the Group's financing documents"), leading to a 
default situation under such financing documentation and possibly a cross default under 
other financing documents. Such default and cross default may lead to applicable loans 
being immediately due and payable, thus having a material adverse effect on the liquidity 
and financial position of Gasunie. 
Interest rate risk  
 
Gasunie's policy is to have at least 60% of its debt portfolio financed on a fixed-rate basis. 
On 31 December 2023, 100% of the senior debt portfolio (i.e., outstanding bonds and 
private loans) of Gasunie with an original maturity longer than 12 months was on a fixed 
rate basis. In addition to the possibility of a relatively small portion of long term debt issued

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
Intern/Internal
with a floating interest rate, some of the debt is also raised in the money markets and is 
refinanced on a regular basis against the prevailing market interest rates. Furthermore, any 
interest which could become payable under the RCF is at a floating interest rate. As the 
reference interest rate on this debt can fluctuate, Gasunie is exposed to interest rate risk. 
In addition, interest rates on future debt issuances as a result of Gasunie's financing needs 
are yet uncertain. Adverse fluctuations and increases in interest rates, to the extent that 
they are not hedged, could have a material adverse effect on Gasunie's financial condition 
and net income.  
Risks related to financial instruments 
In accordance with its internal financial policy, Gasunie only uses derivative financial 
instruments to hedge interest rate-, cross-currency- and commodity exposure and therefore 
to actively reduce financial risks. Nevertheless, the use of derivative financial instruments 
could lead to a liquidity risk for Gasunie. A derivative financial instrument could exhibit a 
negative market value during its lifetime and in these circumstances, Gasunie could be 
obliged to post cash collateral which will negatively affect its liquidity position.  
Credit rating risks 
Rating agencies have issued, and may in the future issue, credit ratings for Gasunie. There 
is no assurance that a rating will remain for any given period of time or that a rating will not 
be lowered or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances in 
the future so warrant. A decision by any rating agency to downgrade or withdraw Gasunie's 
current credit rating (for whatever reason) could reduce Gasunie's funding options, increase 
its cost of borrowings and adversely affect its net income. 
C. Risks relating to the structure of the Issuer 
Influence of the State as the sole shareholder of Gasunie 
Gasunie is controlled by the Dutch State (Ministry of Finance), being the sole holder of the 
shares in the share capital of Gasunie as well as the relevant policy maker and legislator 
(Ministry of Economic Affairs and Climate Policy). Through its role as sole shareholder, 
policymaker and legislator, the State has a strong influence on Gasunie's operations, which 
depending on the circumstances may positively or negatively influence Gasunie's business, 
financial condition and net income. 
To mitigate the uncertainty with respect to the dividend payout ratio, Gasunie has agreed with 
the State on a dividend policy. To accommodate the envisaged investment programme related 
to the energy transition, Gasunie has agreed with the State (in the first half year of 2024) on a 
dividend policy which entails a dividend pay-out ratio of 0% for the financial years 2024, 2025 
and 2026 and 25% for the years thereafter. Under the State Owned Enterprises Policy 2022 
(Nota Deelnemingenbeleid Rijksoverheid 2022) the State indicated it will keep a majority 
stake and controlling influence. For more information see "Description of the Issuer" – 1.2 
Capitalisation and Shareholder". Any sale and transfer of a minority stake in Gasunie may 
have an adverse impact on Gasunie's credit rating, which could affect the Group as set out in 
the risk factor "Credit rating risks".  
Furthermore, Gasunie is to a large extent dependent on the support of legislators and other 
stakeholders in relation to its strategy and its capacity to react to market developments 
(please refer to section "Risk Factors - Strategic risks and risks relating to market 
developments" below). A lack of support or lengthy decision-making may negatively impact 
the execution of Gasunie's strategy. This may have an adverse effect on Gasunie's 
revenues and therewith on its liquidity and financial position.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Intern/Internal
Gasunie is a holding company with limited material direct business operations and 
relies on its operating subsidiaries to provide itself with funds necessary to meet its 
financial obligations 
Gasunie is a holding company with limited material, direct business operations. The 
principal assets of Gasunie are the equity interests it directly or indirectly holds in its 
operating subsidiaries. As a result, Gasunie is dependent on loans, interest, dividends and 
other payments from its subsidiaries to generate the funds necessary to meet its financial 
obligations, including the payment of dividends to its shareholder and the payment of 
interest and principal to its creditors, including the Noteholders. The ability of Gasunie's 
subsidiaries to make such distributions and other payments depends on their earnings and 
may be subject to statutory restrictions as set out in Dutch law, German law and/or other 
foreign law with respect to Gasunie's foreign subsidiaries. As an equity investor in its 
subsidiaries, Gasunie's right to receive assets upon their liquidation or reorganisation will 
be effectively subordinated to the claims of creditors of its subsidiaries. To the extent that 
Gasunie is recognised as a creditor of such subsidiaries, Gasunie's claims may still be 
subordinated to any security interest in or other lien on their assets and to any of their debt 
or other obligations that are senior to Gasunie's claims. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme 
A. Risks related to all Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their 
modification without the consent of all investors 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit 
defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote 
at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Any such modification may be contrary to the interest of one or more Noteholders and as a 
result the Notes may no longer meet the requirements or investment objectives of a 
Noteholder. 
The value and return of the Notes could be materially adversely impacted by a change 
in Dutch law or administrative practice and the jurisdiction of the courts of the 
Netherlands 
The conditions of the Notes are based on Dutch law in effect as at the date of this 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision 
or change to Dutch law or administrative practices after the date of issue of the relevant 
Notes. Such changes in laws may include amendments to a variety of tools which may affect 
the rights of holders of securities issued by the Issuer, including the Notes. Any such change 
could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Prospective investors should note that the courts of the Netherlands shall have jurisdiction 
in respect of any disputes involving any series of Notes. Noteholders may take any suit, 
action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes against the Issuer in 
any court of competent jurisdiction. Furthermore, in the event that the Issuer becomes 
insolvent, insolvency proceedings will generally be governed by the insolvency laws of the 
Netherlands. The laws of the Netherlands (including, any insolvency laws) may be 
materially different from the equivalent law in the home jurisdiction of prospective investors 
in its application to the Notes and the treatment and ranking of holders of Notes issued by 
the Issuer and the Issuer's other creditors and shareholders under the insolvency laws of

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
Intern/Internal
the Issuer's place of incorporation may be different from the treatment and ranking of 
holders of those Notes and the Issuer's other creditors and shareholders if the Issuer was 
subject to the insolvency laws of the investor's home jurisdiction. The application of the laws 
of the Netherlands may therefore lead to a different interpretation of, amongst others, the 
conditions of the Notes than the investor may expect if the equivalent law of his home 
jurisdiction were applied or if the Issuer was subject to the insolvency laws of the investor's 
home jurisdiction. This may lead to the Notes not having certain characteristics as the 
investor may have expected and may impact the return on the Notes. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to 
sell their Notes and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently 
required 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller 
amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result 
of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not 
receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and 
would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a 
Specified Denomination. 
Therefore, if definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which 
have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination 
may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
B. Risks related to the structure of an issuance of Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market 
value of the Notes concerned and investors may not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This 
also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the 
Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that 
time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value 
of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect 
to convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate (such 
Notes, "Fixed/Floating Rate Notes"). The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will 
affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be 
expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If 
the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
Intern/Internal
Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate 
Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be 
lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and could affect the 
market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics. 
Where the applicable Final Terms indicates that the Step Up Option or Step Down Option 
is applicable, the interest rate relating to Sustainability-Linked Notes is subject to upward 
or downward adjustment in certain circumstances. Where the applicable Final Terms 
indicates that the Premium Payment Option is applicable, the Issuer may be required to pay 
a Premium Payment Amount in respect of Sustainability-Linked Notes in certain 
circumstances, all as specified in the Terms and Conditions of such Notes. However, such 
Sustainability-Linked Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any future legal 
or quasi legal standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics and no 
representation is made by the Issuer, the Arranger or the relevant Dealers as to the 
suitability of the Sustainability-Linked Notes to fulfil environmental or sustainability criteria 
required by prospective investors. The Sustainability-Linked Notes will not be marketed as 
green bonds since the Issuer expects to use the relevant proceeds for general corporate 
purposes and therefore the Issuer does not intend to allocate the proceeds specifically to 
projects or business activities meeting environmental or sustainability criteria, or be subject 
to any other expectations associated with green bonds. 
In addition, the interest rate adjustment or, as the case may be, the requirement to pay the 
Premium Payment Amount in respect of any Sustainability-Linked Notes depends on 
definitions of Methane Emissions and/or CO2 Emissions that may be inconsistent with 
investor requirements or expectations or other definitions relevant to methane emission 
leakage, greenhouse gas emissions, CO₂ emissions and/or indirect emissions of energy 
produced. 
The Issuer has set targets to reduce its methane emission leakage, greenhouse gas 
emissions, CO₂ emissions and/or indirect emissions of energy produced. However, there 
can be no assurance of the extent to which it will be successful in doing so or that any future 
investments it makes in furtherance of these targets will meet investor expectations or any 
binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability performance, whether by 
any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact. Adverse environmental or social impacts may 
occur during the design, construction and operation of any investments the Issuer makes 
in furtherance of its targets or such investments may become controversial or criticised by 
activist groups or other stakeholders. In addition, the targets of the Issuer for the reduction 
of CO2 Emissions and thus, the associated relevant SPT Condition, are defined as moving 
targets which depend on the annual volume of gas transported by the Issuer's operating 
entities. Therefore, a limited reduction or even an increase of CO2 Emissions may still lead 
to the relevant SPT Condition to be satisfied as at an SPT Observation Date. Lastly, no 
Event of Default shall occur under the Sustainability-Linked Notes, nor will the Issuer be 
required to repurchase or redeem such Sustainability-Linked Notes, nor will this give rise to 
a claim by the investors against the Issuer or the Dealers, if it fails to satisfy any 
requirements of the applicable SPT Condition.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
Intern/Internal
Any failure to meet, or continue to meet, the investment expectations or requirements of 
certain sustainability focused investors with respect to the Sustainability-Linked Notes may 
affect the value and/or trading price of the Sustainability-Linked Notes, and/or may have 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets, which 
may cause one or more of such investors to dispose of the Sustainability-Linked Notes held 
by them, which may affect the value, trading price and/or liquidity of the Sustainability-
Linked Notes. 
The SLB Second Party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related 
to the structure, market or other value affecting factors of the Sustainability-Linked 
Notes 
The Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework, which is not incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus, has been reviewed by ISS Corporate Solutions (ICS) powered by ISS ESG 
("ISS ICS") who have provided a second party opinion confirming the alignment of the 
Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework with the Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles 
(International Capital Markets Association, "ICMA", 2021 with June 2022 Appendix 1) (the 
"SLB Second Party Opinion"). The SLB Second Party Opinion may not reflect the potential 
impact of all risks related to the structure, market and other factors that may affect the value 
of Sustainability-Linked Notes issued under the Programme. Neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers express any views on, and do not assume any obligation or responsibility in respect 
of, the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework or the contents and/or adequacy of such 
Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework (including, without limitation, its alignment with the 
Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles (ICMA, 2021)) and do not undertake to review the 
SLB Second Party Opinion.  
Furthermore, an SLB Assurance Provider will assess the Issuer's performance on the KPIs 
included in the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework on an annual basis as part of 
providing assurance on the integrated annual report of the Issuer. A specific verification 
assurance report will be provided by the SLB Assurance Provider on each Reporting Date 
and in respect of each SPT Observation Date, based on which a potential adjustment of the 
financial characteristics of a specific Sustainability-Linked Note as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms will be triggered. An SLB Verification Assurance Report does not 
constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and would only be current as of 
the date it is delivered. 
The SLB Second Party Opinion provider and providers of similar opinions, certifications and 
validations are not currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by 
the Issuer, any member of the Group, the Arranger, the Dealers, any Second Party Opinion 
providers or any other person to buy, sell or hold Sustainability-Linked Notes. No assurance 
or representation is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or any relevant Dealer as to the 
suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion (including the SLB Second 
Party Opinion), report, certification or validation of any third party in connection with the 
offering of the Sustainability-Linked Notes or the Sustainability Performance Target set to 
fulfil any green, social, sustainability, sustainability linked and/or other criteria. Noteholders 
have no recourse against the Issuer, the Arranger any of the Dealers or the provider of any 
such opinion or certification for the contents of any such opinion or certification, which is 
only current as at the date it was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such opinion, certification or validation and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, certification or validation 
for the purpose of any investment in the Sustainability-Linked Notes. Any withdrawal of any 
such opinion or certification or any such opinion, certification or validation attesting that the 
Group is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion, 
certification or validation is opining on or certifying on may have a material adverse effect

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
Intern/Internal
on the value of the Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose. Any such opinion, report or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be 
incorporated in, and/or to form part of, this Prospectus. 
Furthermore, Noteholders will have no recourse against the SLB Second Party Opinion 
provider. A negative change to, or a withdrawal of, the SLB Second Party Opinion may 
affect the value of the Sustainability-Linked Notes and may have consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in the Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
The Sustainability-Linked Notes include certain triggers linked to sustainability key 
performance indicators 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, a Step Up Event, a Step Down Event and/or 
a Premium Trigger Event may occur if, amongst other things, the Group's methane emission 
leakage, greenhouse gas emissions, CO₂ emissions and/or indirect emissions of energy 
produced (Methane Emissions and/or CO2 Emissions, each as more fully described in 
Condition 4(c) (Step Up Option for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes)) in respect 
of the SPT Observation Date specified in the applicable Final Terms are or are not reduced 
by the Sustainability Performance Target.  
The failure to meet such Sustainability Performance Target for the SPT Observation Date 
may result in increased interest amounts and/or a requirement to make payment of a 
Premium Payment Amount in respect of such Sustainability-Linked Notes, which would 
increase the Group's total cost of funding and may result in a significant negative impact on 
the reputation of the Group, either of which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group, its business prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations. 
Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers assume any obligation or responsibility to 
monitor the measurement of or performance in respect of such sustainability performance 
targets. 
In respect of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, such use of proceeds may not be 
suitable for the investment criteria of an investor  
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the 
Issuer's intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for Eligible 
Green Projects (as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section) under the Green Financing 
Framework (as defined below) (any Notes which have such a specified use of proceeds are 
referred to as "Green Bonds"). The Issuer's Green Financing Framework may be amended 
at any time without the consent of Noteholders. The Issuer will not have any obligation to 
notify Noteholders of any such amendment. Prospective investors should determine for 
themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such 
Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular no 
assurance is given by the Issuer, Arranger or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for 
any Eligible Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or 
future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or 
related to, any Eligible Green Projects. 
Any failure to meet, or continue to meet, the investment expectations or requirements of 
certain environmentally focused investors with respect to the Green Bonds may affect the

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
Intern/Internal
value and/or trading price of the Green Bonds, and/or may have consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets, which may cause one or more 
of such investors to dispose of the Green Bonds held by them, which may affect the value, 
trading price and/or liquidity of the Green Bonds. 
There is no formal consensus definition of a 'green' or 'sustainable' (or similar) bond 
There is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market 
consensus as to what constitutes, a "green" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled 
project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as 
"green" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that 
such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time.  
A basis for the determination of such a definition has been established in the EU with 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 
(the "EU Taxonomy Regulation") on the establishment of a list of 'environmentally 
sustainable' economic activities, aimed to facilitating sustainable investment. The EU 
Taxonomy Regulation establishes the basis for a classification system, establishing a list of 
environmentally sustainable economic activities which could play an important role helping 
the EU scale up sustainable investment and implement the European green deal, as 
established by the EU Taxonomy Regulation (the "EU Taxonomy"), which is subject to 
further development by way of the implementation by the European Commission through 
delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out 
in the EU Taxonomy Regulation. On 21 November 2023, the Taxonomy Environmental 
Delegated Act and Amending Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act were published in the 
Official Journal of the EU. The Taxonomy Environmental Delegated Act ((EU) 2023/2486) 
applies from 1 January 2024. The Amending Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act ((EU) 
2023/2485) predominantly applies from 1 January 2024, although some provisions apply 
from 1 January 2025. For an economic activity to be recognised as "'environmentally 
sustainable", it should (i) not significantly harm the environmental objectives, (ii) be carried 
out in compliance with the minimum safeguards and (iii) comply with the technical screening 
criteria as defined in the EU Taxonomy. 
No assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or 
related to, any Eligible Green Projects will meet any or all investor expectations or 
requirements regarding such 'green', 'sustainable' or other equivalently-labelled 
performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will 
not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Green Projects. 
In addition, on 30 November 2023, the Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European Green 
Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for 
sustainability-linked bonds (the "European Green Bond Regulation") was published in the 
Official Journal of the EU. The European Green Bond Regulation has come into force on 
20 December 2023 and most provisions will apply from 21 December 2024. It will establish 
an EU voluntary high-quality standard for green bonds called the "European Green Bond 
Standard". The European Green Bond Standard will be available to companies and public 
entities that wish to raise funds on capital markets to finance their green investments, while 
meeting the requirements of the EU Taxonomy Regulation, and/or any (future) delegated 
regulations', requirements. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, it is unclear what the 
impact of the European Green Bond Standard, if and when implemented, would be on 
investor demand for, and the pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds (such as Green 
Bonds) that do not meet the requirements of the European Green Bond Standard. The 
Green Bonds will not comply with the European Green Bond Standard and this could reduce 
the demand, price and liquidity for Green Bonds, resulting in a material adverse effect for

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
Intern/Internal
holders of such Green Bonds. Furthermore, as at the date of this Prospectus, a formal 
verification regime has not yet been set up for the accreditation of external verifiers to 
assess alignment of green bond frameworks with the EU Taxonomy or the European Green 
Bond Regulation. 
The Issuer intends that the Eligible Green Projects comply with official national and 
international standards and local laws and regulations. To this effect, the Issuer has 
incorporated the technical screening criteria ("TSC") included in the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 ("Taxonomy Delegated Act") in its Green Financing 
Framework, which also requires the Issuer to take into account the do no significant harm 
and minimum safeguards criteria of the Taxonomy Delegated Act on a best efforts basis, 
and aligned the Green Financing Framework with the Green Bond Principles of the ICMA 
published in 2021 (including the June 2022 Appendix), the Green Loan Principles of the 
Loan Market Association ("LMA"), the Loan Syndications and Trading Association 
("LSTA"), and the Asia Pacific Loan Market Association ("APLMA") published in 2023, and 
has sought to integrate the requirements of the European Green Bond Regulation in the 
Green Financing Framework (reference is made to the "Use of Proceeds" section).  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Eligible Green Projects satisfy the Green Financing 
Framework. Therefore, the Green Financing Framework aligns with the TSC and largely 
aligns with the do no significant harm and minimum safeguards, set out in the Taxonomy 
Delegated Act. As a result, the Eligible Green Projects align to a great degree with the EU 
Taxonomy, the ICMA Green Bond Principles published in 2021 (including the June 2022 
Appendix), the Green Loan Principles of the LMA, the LSTA, and the APLMA published in 
2023. Notwithstanding, as such criteria may change or develop over time, there is a 
possibility that the Eligible Green Projects no longer fully align with any requisite criteria 
determined thereunder in the future, which may result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose 
(including, without limitation, if such investors are required to dispose of their Green Bonds 
as a result of such Green Bonds not meeting any investment criteria or objectives set by or 
for such investor, which could lead to increased volatility and/or material decreases in the 
market price of such Green Bonds). These adverse consequences may include a delisting 
of such Green Bonds, or the Green Bonds not being admitted to trading on any stock 
exchange or securities market which may have a material adverse effect on the value of, 
and return on, the Green Bonds. 
Accordingly, in the event that the Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated 
"green", "environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance 
is or can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that such 
listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any 
Eligible Green Projects. Furthermore, the criteria for any such listings or admission to 
trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or any other person that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any the Securities or, if obtained, 
that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
The GFF Second Party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related 
to the structure of the Notes and may be withdrawn by the second party opinion 
provider

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
Intern/Internal
The Issuer has updated its 2023 Green Financing Framework and this Framework is in 
alignment with ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021 (with June 2022 Appendix 1) as well as 
the LMA's, LSTA's and APLMA's Green Loan Principles 2023. The current version 
continues to align the selection criteria for the eligible green asset categories to the EU 
Taxonomy and highlights its compliance with applicable environmental and social 
regulations, 'Do No Significant Harm' criteria and related 'Minimum Social Safeguards' of 
the EU Taxonomy. 
The Issuer has also commissioned ISS ICS to review the alignment of the Green Financing 
Framework with the ICMA's Green Bond Principles 2021 (with June 2022 Appendix 1), the 
LMA's, LSTA's and APLMA's Green Loan Principles 2023 and with the EU Taxonomy 
Climate Delegated Act (June 2023) as well as the European Green Bond Standard (the 
"GFF Second Party Opinion"). ISS ICS has provided a positive GFF Second Party Opinion 
confirming that the Green Financing Framework is in compliance with the aforementioned 
standards. Potential investors should be aware that a Second Party Opinion will not be 
incorporated into, and will not form part of, this Prospectus or the applicable Final Terms 
which will complement this Prospectus. Any such GFF Second Party Opinion may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors 
discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the projects 
financed or refinanced toward an amount corresponding the proceeds of the relevant issue 
of Notes in the form of "Green Bonds". A GFF Second Party Opinion would not constitute a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell 
or hold any such Notes. Any such GFF Second Party Opinion is only current as of the date 
that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any such GFF Second Party Opinion and/or the information contained therein 
and/or the provider of such Second Party Opinion for the purpose of any investment in such 
Notes. Currently, the providers of Second Party Opinions are not subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. Furthermore, the Noteholders will have no recourse 
against the provider of the GFF Second Party Opinion. A negative change to, or a 
withdrawal of, the GFF Second Party Opinion may affect the value of the Notes and may 
have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in the Green 
Bonds. 
Furthermore, the Issuer will appoint one or more independent, qualified auditor of third party 
assurance or attestation services to review the Issuer's internal tracking and allocation of 
proceeds of any Green Bonds to Eligible Green Projects in the allocation reporting section 
of the Green Financing Report (as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section) (the "GB 
Assurance Provider"). A specific verification assurance report will be provided by the GB 
Assurance Provider after the issue of Green Bonds on an annual basis until full allocation 
of proceeds (the "GB Verification Assurance Report"). A GB Verification Assurance 
Report does not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and would only 
be current as of the date it is delivered. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance 
is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or 
admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations 
or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law 
or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or 
social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green 
Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission 
to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Intern/Internal
representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, Arranger or Dealer or any other 
person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such 
Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during 
the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for 
Eligible Green Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Prospectus, it 
would not be an Event of Default under the Notes if (i) the Issuer would fail to do so or (ii)  
if the Second Party Opinion is withdrawn. Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds 
of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Green Projects as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any 
such opinion or any such opinion attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in 
part with any matters for which such opinion is opining on and/or any such Notes no longer 
being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid 
may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the 
value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Eligible Green Projects and/or result 
in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities 
to be used for a particular purpose. Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers shall be 
responsible for monitoring the use of proceeds of any Notes. 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their yield to maturity on Floating 
Rate Notes 
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes on the one hand, and Fixed Rate Notes, on 
the other hand, is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due 
to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating 
Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be 
compared with that of investments having fixed interest periods. If the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the 
reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline, because investors may reinvest the 
interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
Furthermore, where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that 
the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall be determined by reference to the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the latest version of ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions. 
Where the Floating Rate Option specified is an "IBOR" Floating Rate Option, the Rate of 
Interest may be determined by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined 
on the basis of quotations from certain banks. If the relevant IBOR is permanently 
discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as applicable) are not 
available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate of Interest 
that would be applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating 
Rate Notes. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes 
linked to or referencing such "benchmarks"  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including the Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") are the subject of national and international regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective, including 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation, whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms 
may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, 
or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have 
a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
Intern/Internal
Under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, which applies from 1 January 2018 in general, new 
requirements apply with respect to the provision of a wide range of benchmarks 
(EURIBOR), the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark 
within the EU. In particular, the EU Benchmarks Regulation, among other things, (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject 
to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with extensive 
requirements in relation to the administration of benchmarks and (ii) prevents certain uses 
by EU-supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or 
referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark 
are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or 
otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or 
otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements. 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding 
principles and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, 
new euro denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding 
principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant 
contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial 
system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. On 
4 December 2023, the working group issued its final statement, announcing completion of 
its mandate, summarizing its earlier recommendations, and ceasing its activities. 
Such factors may have the following currently known effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a 
"benchmark"; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" 
and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes as 
a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have 
a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or 
otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
Finally, any significant change to the setting or existence of EURIBOR or any other relevant 
interest rate benchmark could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under 
the Notes and could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the 
amount payable under, the Notes.  
Future discontinuance of EURIBOR and any other benchmark may adversely affect 
the value of Notes which reference EURIBOR or such other benchmark 
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR or any other benchmark were (permanently) 
unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which reference EURIBOR or any other 
benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions set out in 
Condition 4(b) applicable to such Notes. Depending on the manner in which the EURIBOR 
or any other benchmark rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions, this may 
(i) if ISDA Determination applies, be reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered 
quotations for the EURIBOR or any other benchmark rate which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
Intern/Internal
applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in 
the previous period when EURIBOR or any other benchmark was available. The fall-back 
provisions for both ISDA Determination and Screen Rate Determination in this respect could 
have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes which reference 
EURIBOR or any other benchmark).  
If the Calculation Agent or the Issuer determines at any time prior to, on or following any 
Interest Determination Date, that the relevant Reference Rate (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) has been discontinued, the Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practicable (and 
in any event prior to the next relevant Interest Determination Date) appoint a Rate 
Determination Agent (as defined in Condition 4(b)(iii)(B)(II) and which may be the Issuer 
itself) which will determine in its sole discretion, acting in good faith, a substitute or 
successor rate, as well as any necessary changes to the business day convention, the 
definition of business day, the interest determination date, the day count fraction and any 
method for calculating the Replacement Reference Rate (as defined in Condition 4(b)(iv)), 
including any adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement Reference Rate 
comparable to the relevant Reference Rate. Pursuant to the applicable fall-back provisions 
contained in Condition 4(b)(iv), the Issuer will have the discretion to appoint the Rate 
Determination Agent, which may lead to a conflict of interests of the Issuer (being 
responsible for the compensation of the Rate Determination Agent), the Rate Determination 
Agent and Noteholders including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that 
the Rate Determination Agent may make pursuant to Condition 4 that may influence the 
amount receivable under the Notes. The Rate Determination Agent and the Issuer might 
have conflicts of interests that could have an adverse effect on the interests of the 
Noteholders as the Rate Determination Agent has discretionary power in deciding the Rate 
of Interest in accordance with the fall-back provisions. Potential investors should be aware 
that the Issuer may be involved in general business relationship or/and in specific 
transactions with the Rate Determination Agent as the latter party will be an appropriate 
office of leading bank who may hold from time to time debt securities, shares or/and other 
financial instruments of the Issuer. Consequently, the Issuer and the Rate Determination 
Agent might have conflicts of interests that could have an adverse effect to the interests of 
the Noteholders in respect of the determination of the interest rate as a result of a 
benchmark and/or replacement of amendment of a benchmark. 
The Rate Determination Agent may be considered an 'administrator' under the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. This is the case if it is considered to be in control over the provision 
of the Screen Rate Determination and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of the 
Screen Rate Determination and any adjustments made thereto by the Rate Determination 
Agent and/or otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context of a fall-
back scenario. This would mean that the Rate Determination Agent has control over the (i) 
administration of the arrangements for determining such rate, (ii) collection, analysis or 
processes of input data for the purposes of determining such rate and (iii) determination of 
such rate through the application of a method of calculation or by an assessment of input 
data for that purpose. Furthermore, for the Rate Determination Agent to be considered an 
'administrator' under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the Screen Rate Determination and/or 
the determined rate of interest on the basis of the Screen Rate Determination and any 
adjustments made thereto by the Rate Determination Agent and/or otherwise in determining 
the applicable rate of interest in the context of a fall-back scenario may be a benchmark 
(index) within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. This may be the case if the 
Screen Rate Determination and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of the Screen 
Rate Determination and any adjustments made thereto by the Rate Determination Agent 
and/or otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context of a fall-back 
scenario, is published or made available to the public and regularly determined by the 
application of a method of calculation or by an assessment, and on the basis of certain 
values or surveys.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
Intern/Internal
The EU Benchmarks Regulation stipulates that each administrator of a benchmark 
regulated thereunder or the benchmark itself must be registered, authorised, recognised or 
endorsed, as applicable, in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation. There is a risk 
that administrators (which may include the Rate Determination Agent (which may be the 
Issuer) in the circumstances as described above) of certain benchmarks will fail to obtain 
such registration, authorization, recognition or endorsement. Failing the due authorisation 
of the Rate Determination Agent as administrator pursuant to the Benchmarks Regulation, 
there is a risk that Rate Determination Agent may not act in such capacity and that the 
appointment of another agent is required to be organised. This may prevent the continuity 
of providing such benchmarks and delays in the calculation of the Replacement Reference 
Rate may occur in such instance. This could have a material adverse effect on the value of 
the return on any such Notes which could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
obligations under the Notes.  
As a result, a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when 
EURIBOR, or any other interest rate benchmark was available, may apply to the Notes until 
the time that registration, authorised registration or endorsement of the relevant 
administrator has been completed or as substitute or successor rate for the relevant 
Reference Rate is available.  
The Replacement Reference Rate will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding, and will apply to the relevant Notes without any requirement that the Issuer obtains 
consent of any Noteholders. If the Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does 
not determine a Replacement Reference Rate under Condition 4(b)(iv), this could result 
under Conditions 4(b)(iii)(A),(B) or 4(b)(iv) in the effective application of a fixed rate to what 
was previously a Floating Rate Note based on the rate which applied in the previous period 
when the relevant Reference Rate was available (as stated in the Final Terms in respect of 
a series of Notes). Changes to the Replacement Reference Rate could, among other things, 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility or the level of the 
published rate or level of the "benchmark". 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and 
substitute reference rates and the involvement of a Rate Determination Agent, the relevant 
fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. Further, the 
Replacement Reference Rate may perform differently from the discontinued benchmark.  
Moreover, any significant change to the setting or existence of EURIBOR or any other 
relevant interest rate benchmark could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations 
under the Notes and could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and 
the amount payable under, the Notes. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
any such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the 
setting or existence of EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark could affect 
the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and could have a material 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in 
response to changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their 
principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than 
do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Furthermore, the longer the remaining 
term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
Intern/Internal
bearing securities with comparable maturities. Such volatility could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
Where the Issuer acts as Calculation Agent or Rate Determination Agent, or the Calculation 
Agent or Rate Determination Agent is an affiliate of the Issuer, potential conflicts of interest 
may exist between the Calculation Agent or Rate Determination Agent and Noteholders, 
including with respect to certain determinations and judgements that the Calculation Agent 
or Rate Determination Agent may make pursuant to the Notes that may influence the 
amount receivable or specified assets deliverable on redemption of the Notes. The Issuer 
and/ or any of its affiliates may have existing or future business relationships and will pursue 
actions and take steps that they or it deems necessary or appropriate to protect their and/or 
its interests arising therefrom without regard to the consequences for a Noteholder. 
Notes in New Global Note form 
The New Global Note ("NGN") form has been introduced to allow for the possibility of debt 
instruments being issued and held in a manner which will permit them to be recognised as 
eligible collateral for monetary policy of the central banking system for the euro (the 
"Eurosystem") and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. However, in any particular case, such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria at the relevant time. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to whether the Notes meet such Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria, as updated from time to time and generally published on the website of 
the European Central Bank. If the Notes do not satisfy the Eurosystem eligibility criteria, the 
Notes will not be eligible collateral of the Eurosystem and this may adversely affect the 
market value of the Notes. 
C. Risks related to the market in respect of the Notes 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or be 
illiquid and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his 
Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. 
If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to 
sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes 
that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for 
specific investment objectives or strategies, are being issued to a single investor or a limited 
number of investors or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may 
have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. Therefore, investors may not 
be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed trading market. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he 
will be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his 
holding. In addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result 
in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes. The Issuer will pay principal and 
interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
Intern/Internal
These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due 
to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the 
risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify 
exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the 
Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes 
and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, 
investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market 
interest rates 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate ("Fixed Rate Notes") involves the 
risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate paid on the Fixed 
Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes as an equivalent 
investment issued at the current market interest rate may be more attractive to investors.  
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all risks associated 
with an investment in those Notes 
The value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness and the credit rating of the 
Issuer, the credit rating of the Notes and a number of additional factors, such as market 
interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date and more generally all 
economic, financial and political events in any country, including factors affecting capital 
markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA 
Regulation, European regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, 
which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. The 
price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a 
discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by 
such purchaser.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
Intern/Internal
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which 
are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by 
Reference"). This Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such 
documents are incorporated and form part of this Prospectus. 
Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers have independently verified the information 
contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express 
or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Arranger or 
any Dealer as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme. Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer accepts any 
liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme. 
None of the Dealers nor the Arranger will verify or monitor the use of proceeds of any 
Notes. Application may be made for a Series of Notes to be displayed on the relevant 
stock exchange and no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the 
Dealers, or any other person that such display satisfies, whether in whole or in part, 
any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such 
display may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another and may 
be subject to change. In addition, no representation or assurance is given or made 
by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such display will be maintained 
during the life of any such Notes. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make 
any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Prospectus or any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if 
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, 
the Arranger or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should 
make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its 
own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf 
of the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to 
purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes 
shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning 
the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Arranger 
and the Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
Intern/Internal
of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes 
of any information coming to their attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the 
financial statements incorporated by reference into this Prospectus when deciding 
whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds – None of the Arranger, Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates accepts any responsibility for any environmental or 
sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or makes any 
representation or warranty or gives any assurance as to whether such Notes will meet 
any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green" or similar labels. 
None of the Arranger, Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have undertaken, 
nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the Eligible Green Projects (as 
defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this Prospectus), any verification of 
whether the Eligible Green Projects meet any Eligibility Criteria set out in the Green 
Financing Framework (each as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this 
Prospectus) nor are they responsible for the use of proceeds (or amounts equal 
thereto) for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such 
use of proceeds or the allocation of the proceeds to particular Eligible Green 
Projects. The Green Financing Framework, the Second Party Opinions (as defined in 
the "Second Party Opinions And External Verification" section of this Prospectus) 
and any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of 
proceeds will be available on the Issuer's website at www.gasunie.nl/en/about-
gasunie/investor-relations/debt-programmes but, for the avoidance of doubt, will not 
be incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. None of the Arranger, Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates make any representation as to the suitability or 
content of such materials. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended, (the "Securities Act") and are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons 
(see "Subscription and Sale"). 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to 
buy any Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the 
offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Prospectus and the 
offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Neither the 
Issuer, the Arranger nor the Dealers represent that this Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any 
such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, 
the Arranger or the Dealers which would permit a public offering (unless expressly 
indicated otherwise) of any Notes or distribution of this Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Prospectus nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or 
any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe any such 
restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. 
In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus and the offer 
or sale of Notes in the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Economic 
Area (including the Netherlands, Italy and France) and Japan, see "Subscription and 
Sale".

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
Intern/Internal
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose 
of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the 
"MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose 
of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is 
a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II") or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as 
amended, or superseded the "IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
UK PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
Intern/Internal
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) 
named as the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions 
with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if 
begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on 
behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
All references in this document to euro and € refer to euros, all references in this 
document to U.S. dollars to United States dollars, Japanese yen and yen refer to the 
currency of Japan and all references in this document to Sterling and £ refer to British 
pounds sterling. 
All references in this document to websites or uniform resource locators ("URLs") 
are inactive textual references and are included for information purposes only, 
except where these contents have been incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus. The contents of any such website or URL shall not form part of, or be 
deemed to be incorporated into, this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the AFM. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor 
in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, either on 
its own or with the help of its financial, legal and other professional advisers, whether 
it: 
 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of 
the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable 
supplement; 
 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in 
the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and 
the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio;

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
Intern/Internal
 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an 
investment in the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in 
one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest 
payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the 
behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other 
factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable 
risks. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws 
and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor 
should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes 
are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-
based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
Intern/Internal
SECOND PARTY OPINIONS AND EXTERNAL VERIFICATION 
In connection with the issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes and Green Bonds under the 
Programme, the Issuer has prepared and published a Sustainability-Linked Bond 
Framework (as defined in Condition 4(c)) and a Green Financing Framework (as defined in 
the "Use of Proceeds" section of this Prospectus), respectively. The Issuer has also 
requested a provider of second party opinions, ISS ICS, to issue a second party opinion 
(the "SLB Second Party Opinion") in relation to the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework 
and to issue a second party opinion in relation to the Green Financing Framework (the "GFF 
Second Party Opinion" and together with the SLB Second Party Opinion, the Second 
Party Opinions). In addition, in connection with the issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes 
under and/or Green Bonds the Programme, the Issuer will engage the GB Assurance 
Provider and/or SLB Assurance Provider (each an "Assurance Provider") to carry out the 
relevant assessments required for the purposes of providing the GB Verification Assurance 
Reports and/or SLB Verification Assurance Report (each a "Verification Assurance 
Report"), as applicable, in relation to the Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or Green Bonds, 
as applicable. The Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework, the Green Financing Framework 
and the Second Party Opinions are accessible through the Issuer's website at: 
https://www.gasunie.nl/en/about-gasunie/investor-relations/debt-programmes, 
and 
any 
Verification Assurance Reports will also be accessible through the Issuer's website. 
However, any information on, or accessible through, such website and the information in 
such Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework, Green Financing Framework, Second Party 
Opinions or any past or future Verification Assurance Reports do not form part of this 
Prospectus and should not be relied upon in connection with making any investment 
decision with respect to any Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or Green Bonds to be issued 
under the Programme.  
In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, any other member of the 
Group (as defined below), the Arranger, the Dealers or any other member of their respective 
groups, any second party opinion provider or any Assurance Provider as to the suitability 
or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third 
party in connection with the offering of any Sustainability-Linked Notes and/or Green Bonds 
under the Programme. Any such opinion, report or certification and any other document 
related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Prospectus.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
Intern/Internal
ESG RATINGS 
The Group's exposure to Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") risks, and the 
related management arrangements established to mitigate those risks has been assessed 
by sustainability and societal impact has been measured by several agencies through 
environmental, social and governance ratings ("ESG ratings"). 
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to 
determine ESG ratings may differ. The Issuer's ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative 
of its current or future operating or financial performance, or any future ability to service the 
Notes and are only current as of the dates on which they were initially issued. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such ESG ratings information 
contained in this Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment decision. Furthermore, 
ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person 
to buy, sell or hold the Notes. Currently, the providers of such ESG ratings are not subject 
to any regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of 
ESG ratings. For more information regarding the evaluation methodologies used to 
determine ESG ratings, please refer to the relevant ratings agency's website (which website 
does not form a part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Prospectus and should not 
be relied upon in connection with making any investment decision with respect to any 
Sustainability-Linked Notes to be issued under the Programme). 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Prospectus:  
(a) 
the N.V. Nederlandse Gasunie Annual Report 2022 (Dutch version), pages 114 to 
220 (inclusive) and pages 223 to 242 (inclusive), containing the publicly available 
audited consolidated financial statements and company financial statements of 
Gasunie (including the notes thereto and the independent auditor's report thereon) 
in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (available at: 
https://www.publicatiesgasunie.nl/jaarverslag-
2022/downloadenalspdf/$4497/$4496; 
(b) 
the N.V. Nederlandse Gasunie Annual Report 2023 (Dutch version), pages 86 to 209 
(inclusive) and pages 211 to 221 (inclusive), containing the publicly available audited 
consolidated financial statements and company financial statements of Gasunie 
(including the notes thereto and the independent auditor's report thereon) in respect 
of 
the 
financial 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2023 
(available 
at:  
https://www.publicatiesgasunie.nl/jaarverslag-
2023/downloadenalspdf/$10168/$10170); 
(c) 
the N.V. Nederlandse Gasunie Semi-Annual Report 2024 (Dutch version), pages 21 
to 43 (inclusive), containing the publicly available unaudited consolidated semi-
annual financial statements of Gasunie (including the notes thereto) for the six-
month 
period 
ended 
on 
30 
June 
2024 
(available 
at 
https://www.publicatiesgasunie.nl/halfjaarbericht-
2024/downloadenalspdf/$11846/$11848). 
(d) 
the articles of association of Gasunie dated 16 July 2020 (a copy of the non-official 
English 
translation, 
as 
well 
as 
of 
the 
Dutch 
version 
available 
at: 
https://www.gasunie.nl/organisatie/investor-
relations/schuldprogrammas/$3301/$3364);

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
Intern/Internal
(e) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" from the Prospectus dated 23 
December 2014, pages 36 to 59 (inclusive), from the Prospectus dated 22 February 
2016, pages 39 to 62 (inclusive), from the Prospectus dated 6 August 2018, pages 
43 to 66 (inclusive), from the Prospectus dated 16 July 2019, pages 43 to 66 
(inclusive), from the Prospectus dated 23 September 2021, pages 50 to 81 
(inclusive), from the Prospectus dated 17 June 2022, pages 51 to 82 (inclusive), and 
from the Prospectus dated 30 October 2023, pages 55 to 89 (inclusive), each 
prepared by Gasunie in connection with the Programme (available at, in case of the 
Prospectus dated 23 December 2014: https://www.gasunie.nl/organisatie/investor-
relations/schuldprogrammas/$3301/$3356, in case of the Prospectus dated 22 
February 
2016 
at 
https://www.gasunie.nl/organisatie/investor-
relations/schuldprogrammas/$3301/$3353, in case of the Prospectus dated 6 
August 
2018 
at 
https://www.gasunie.nl/organisatie/investor-
relations/schuldprogrammas/$3301/$3352, in case of the Prospectus dated 16 July 
2019 
at 
https://www.gasunie.nl/organisatie/investor-
relations/schuldprogrammas/$3301/$3351, in case of the Prospectus dated 23 
September 
2021 
at 
https://www.gasunie.nl/organisatie/investor-
relations/schuldprogrammas/$3301/$4480, in case of the Prospectus dated 17 June 
2022 
at 
https://www.gasunie.nl/organisatie/investor-
relations/schuldprogrammas/$3301/$8148, and in case of the Prospectus dated 30 
October 
2023 
at 
https://www.gasunie.nl/organisatie/investor-
relations/schuldprogrammas/$3301/$15317), 
save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus shall, to the extent applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise) statements contained in a document which is 
incorporated by reference of an earlier date. Any statement so modified or superseded shall 
not be deemed, except as so modified or suspended, to constitute a part of this Prospectus.  
Those parts of the documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus which are not 
specifically incorporated by reference in this Prospectus are either not relevant for 
prospective investors in the Notes or the relevant information is included elsewhere in this 
Prospectus. Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus shall not form part of this Prospectus. 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an 
appropriate amendment or supplement to this Prospectus which, in respect of any 
subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Amsterdam, 
shall constitute a prospectus supplement as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Copies of this Prospectus and any documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus 
can be obtained electronically, free of charge, by downloading the documents from 
http://www.gasunie.nl/en/investor-relations. Requests for hard copies of these documents 
can be sent, free of charge, to ir@gasunie.nl.  
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Prospectus or publish a new 
individual (drawdown or base) prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue 
of Notes.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
Intern/Internal
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed in respect of each Tranche 
of Notes issued under the Programme. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form 
part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined 
in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider 
any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the 
"IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation").Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended the "PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
Intern/Internal
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 [Date] 
N.V. Nederlandse Gasunie 
(Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 724500MQFZSYSBC5H178) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 7,500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms 
and Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in the prospectus dated 1 October 2024 [and 
the supplement(s) to the prospectus dated [●] [ and [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus ([together] the "Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus [as so 
supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Prospectus[, the 
supplement[s]] and the Final Terms are available for viewing [at [website]] [and] [during 
normal business hours, copies may be obtained free of charge, at the registered office of 
the Issuer and at the specified offices of [each of] the Paying Agent[s].] 
The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under a Prospectus (or equivalent) with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms 
and Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in [the prospectus dated 23 December 2014][ 
the prospectus dated 22 February 2016][the prospectus dated 6 August 2018][the 
prospectus dated 16 July 2019][the prospectus dated 23 September 2021][the prospectus 
dated 17 June 2022][the prospectus dated 30 October 2023], which are incorporated by 
reference in the Prospectus dated 1 October 2024 (the "Prospectus"). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus [as 
supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [date] [and [date]]], which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation in order to obtain all the 
relevant information, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the 
Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date]]. The Prospectus 
has been published on [website].  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for 
individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final 
Terms.]

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
Intern/Internal
[When completing any final terms, or adding any other final terms or information, 
consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information constitute "significant 
new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
N.V. Nederlandse Gasunie 
2. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
 
[(ii)] 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
[(iii)] 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [insert description of 
the 
Series] 
on 
[insert 
date/the 
Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [insert] below [which is 
expected to occur on or about [insert date]]].] 
(N.B. Notes can only be fungible with Notes 
issued under this Prospectus and with Notes 
issued under the prospectus dated 23 December 
2014, under the prospectus dated 22 February 
2016, under the prospectus dated 6 August 2018, 
under the prospectus dated 16 July 2019, under 
the prospectus dated 23 September 2021, under 
the prospectus dated 17 June 2022 and under 
the prospectus dated 30 October 2023.) 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[ ] 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[ ] 
 
[(ii)] 
Tranche: 
[ ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] % of the Aggregate Nominal Amount plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[ ]  
[ ] 
[EUR 100,000] and integral multiples of [EUR 
1,000] in excess thereof up to and including [EUR 
199,000]. No Notes in definitive form will be 
issued with a denomination above [EUR 
199,000].  
(N.B. In the case of any Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within 
the European Economic Area or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area in circumstances which require 
the publication of a prospectus under the

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
Intern/Internal
Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified 
Denomination shall be EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of 
issue of the Notes.) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
(N.B. If only one Specified Denomination, insert 
the Specified Denomination. 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert 
the highest common factor. Note: There must be 
a common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
 
[(ii)] 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[ ] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
 
[Subject as set out in Condition [4(c) [and]/4(d)] 
and paragraph [18] [and]/[19] below,] 
[ ] % Fixed Rate] 
[[ ] month [EURIBOR] +/–  
[ ] % Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(N.B. further particulars specified below.)  
10. Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, [and subject to the Premium 
Payment Option as described in Condition 5(i)] 
the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date 
at [...]%. of their nominal amount 
11. Change of Interest or Redemption 
/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for convertibility 
of Notes into another interest or redemption/ 
payment basis] [Not Applicable] 
12. Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-Up Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
13. [Date [Executive or Supervisory 
Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[[ ] [and [ ], respectively]] 
(N.B 
Only 
relevant 
where 
Executive 
or 
Supervisory Board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes.) 
14. Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
Intern/Internal
15. Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[ [●] % per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ [●] in each year up to and including the maturity 
date [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable 
Business Centre(s) for the definition of "Business 
Day"]/not adjusted] 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per [●] Calculation Amount 
(iv) Broken Amount(s):  
 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]]/ [Not 
Applicable] 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(vi) Determination Dates: 
[ ] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual ([ICMA])) [Not Applicable] 
16. Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(i) Interest Period(s): 
[ ] 
(ii) Specified Period(s): 
[ ] 
(iii) Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[ ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below / 
not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention set out in (iv) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable] 
(iv) First Interest Payment Dates 
(v) Business Day Convention: 
[ ] 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business 
Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [Not Applicable] 
(vi) Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA 
Determination/]

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
Intern/Internal
(viii) Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate[(s)] of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[ ] (the Calculation Agent)  
(ix) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. If not applicable, delete the remaining items 
of this sub-paragraph.) 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[[ ] month [EURIBOR] 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[ ]  
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ]  
(x) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. If not applicable, delete the remaining items 
of this sub-paragraph.) 
[(If applicable, note that "Administrator/Benchmark 
Event", "Generic Fallbacks" and "Calculation 
Agent Alternative Rate Determination" are not 
workable in a notes context. Amendments will 
therefore need to be made to the Conditions which 
will require a PR drawdown prospectus for the 
issue)] 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
2021 ISDA Definitions 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] 
(Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in 
the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)) 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[ ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the interest period) 
(xi) Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] % per annum 
(xii) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)] 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] % per annum 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] % per annum 
(xv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 (Sterling) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 /

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
Intern/Internal
 
360/360 / Bond Basis / 30E/360 / Eurobond 
Basis] 
17. Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield: 
[ ] % per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
[Day 
Count 
Fraction 
in 
relation to Early Redemption 
Amounts: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/360 / 30/360]  
18. Step Up Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
KPI[s]:  
[Methane Emissions/[and]CO2 Emissions]  
(N.B. Insert relevant KPI[s]) 
 
(ii) 
Step Up Margin: 
[[ ] % per annum] 
[[ ] % per annum if neither of the Sustainability 
Performance Targets is met] 
[[ ] % per annum if one of the Sustainability 
Performance Targets is not met] 
[[ ] % per annum if the Sustainability Performance 
Target for Methane Emissions is not met] 
[[ ] % per annum if the Sustainability Performance 
Target for CO2 Emissions is not met] 
[[ ] % per annum if the Reporting Requirements 
are not met in respect of [an/the] SPT 
Observation Date][N.B. Always insert if the first 
option is not inserted] 
[The aggregate Step Up Margin shall not exceed 
[ ] % per annum][N.B. Always insert if the first 
option is not inserted]  
 
(iii) 
SPT Observation Date[s]:
 
 
[ ] 
 
[(iv) Methane Emissions Target 
Amount[s]:] 
 
[[ ] per calendar year [ ]] 
19. Step Down Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.)

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
Intern/Internal
 
(i) 
KPI[s]:  
[Methane Emissions/[and]CO2 Emissions]  
(N.B. Insert relevant KPI[s]) 
 
(ii) 
Step Down Margin: 
[[ ] % per annum if each of the Sustainability 
Performance Targets is met] 
[[ ] % per annum if one of the Sustainability 
Performance Targets is met] 
[[ ] % per annum if the Sustainability Performance 
Target for Methane Emissions is met] 
[[ ] % per annum if the Sustainability Performance 
Target for CO2 Emissions is met] 
 
(iii) 
SPT Observation Date[s]:
 
 
[ ] 
 
[(iv) Methane Emissions Target 
Amount[s]]: 
 
[[ ] per calendar year [ ]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. 
This paragraph should be not applicable if in 
conjunction with Step Up Option, Step Down 
Option and/or Premium Payment Option is 
specified as being applicable.) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[ ] (specify separately for each applicable Call 
Option)  
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/ Adjusted Redemption 
Price per Calculation Amount] in respect of the 
[specify 
applicable 
call 
option] 
(specify 
separately for each applicable Call Option) 
- 
Optional 
Redemption 
Calculation Date: 
[[ ] Business Days prior to the Optional 
Redemption Date] 
- 
Determination Time: 
[ ] 
- 
Reference Bond: 
[ ] 
- 
Margin: 
[ ] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
Intern/Internal
(b) Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the conditions): 
[ ]  
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
the Paying Agent) 
21. Clean-Up Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(i) 
Clean-Up Call Redemption 
Amount of each Note: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the conditions): 
[ ]  
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
the Paying Agent) 
22. Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the conditions): 
[ ]  
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
Intern/Internal
example, as between the Issuer and the Paying 
Agent.) 
23. Final Redemption Amount 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
24. Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
25. Premium Payment Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(i) 
KPI[s]:  
[Methane Emissions/[and]CO2 Emissions]  
(N.B. Insert relevant KPI[s]) 
(ii) 
Premium Payment Date: 
[Maturity Date] [ ] 
(iii) 
Premium Payment Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount if neither of the 
Sustainability Performance Targets is met] 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount if at least one of the 
Sustainability Performance Targets is not met] 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount if the Sustainability 
Performance Target for Methane Emissions is 
not met] 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount if the Sustainability 
Performance Target for CO2 Emissions is not 
met] 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount if the Reporting 
Requirements are not met in respect of [an/the] 
SPT Observation Date][N.B. Always insert if the 
first option is not inserted] 
[The aggregate Premium Payment Amount shall 
not exceed [ ] per Calculation Amount][N.B. 
Always insert if the first option is not inserted]  
(iv) 
SPT Observation Date[s]: 
[ ] 
[(v) 
Methane Emissions Target 
Amount[s]:] 
[[ ] per calendar year [ ]] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. Form of Notes: 
Notes are in bearer form 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
Intern/Internal
for Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
(N.B. Ensure that this is consistent with the 
wording in the section "Summary of Provisions 
relating to the Notes while in Global Form" in the 
Prospectus and the Notes themselves.)  
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time 
options should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the Specified Denomination of the 
Notes in item 6 includes language substantially 
to the following effect: "[EUR 100,000] and 
integral multiples of [EUR 1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [EUR 199,000].") 
27. New Global Note form: 
[Yes][No] 
28. Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this item 
relates to the date and place of payment, and 
not interest period end dates, to which items 
15(ii), 16 (ii) and (iv) relate] 
29. Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
RESPONSIBILITY  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. The 
Issuer declares that the information contained herein is, to the best of its knowledge, in 
accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as the Issuer 
is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]  
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
By: ............................................ 
 
[By: ............................................]  
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
[Duly authorised]

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
Intern/Internal
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [Euronext in 
Amsterdam/specify other relevant regulated and, if 
relevant, listing on an official list] with effect from [●].] / [Not 
Applicable.] 
(N.B. Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original securities are already admitted to trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses related to 
admission to trading 
[ ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be / 
will not be]] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies) and associated defined 
terms]. 
 
[[Each of][defined terms] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended).] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.] 
 
(N.B. The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be 
satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement:] 
[Save for any fees payable to the [(Lead) Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [(Lead) 
Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend 
as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
Intern/Internal
4. 
[YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)] 
Indication of yield: 
[ ] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.  
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ ] 
(iii) 
CFI Code:  
[ ] [[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN Code: 
[ ] [[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Other relevant code: 
[ ] [Not Applicable / give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. and the relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and number(s)] 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of [Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[ ] 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name 
of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restriction 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) Netherlands 
selling 
restriction: 
[Provision as set out in Prospectus applies/does not apply]

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
Intern/Internal
(vii) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(viii) Names and addresses 
of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[ ] 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would 
allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the European Central bank (the "ECB") 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
 
 
 
 
 
[ ] 
(See ["Use of Proceeds"] wording in Prospectus or list 
specific reasons here. If reasons for offer different from 
making profit and/or hedging certain risks will need to 
include those reasons here.)  
 
[Intended impact/reduction pre-issuance of the Green 
Bonds]  
 
[(In case Green Bonds are issued, the category and 
prescribed eligibility criteria of Eligible Green Projects must 
be specified)] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated 
net 
 
proceeds: 
[  ]

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
Intern/Internal
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by 
reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter 
case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and 
agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted 
and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms 
and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be 
endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note.  
The Notes are issued pursuant to an amended and restated Agency Agreement dated 
1 October 2024 (the "Agency Agreement") between N.V. Nederlandse Gasunie (the 
"Issuer"), Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as initial issuing and principal paying agent 
(together with any additional or other paying agents in respect of the Notes from time to 
time appointed, the "Paying Agents"). The initial Calculation Agent (if any) is specified on 
this Note. The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders (the "Couponholders") of the 
coupons (the "Coupons") appertaining to interest bearing Notes in bearer form and, where 
applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the "Talons" and holders 
of the Talons, "Talonholders") are bound by and deemed to have notice of all of the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them and these Terms and Conditions 
(the "Conditions"). A copy of the Agency Agreement is available for inspection at the 
specified office of the Paying Agent. 
The Final Terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) is attached to or endorsed 
on this Note and supplements these Conditions. References to the "Final Terms" are to the 
Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to 
listing) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and 
(ii) identical in all respects (including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, 
Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
In these Conditions, "Noteholder" means the bearer of any Note, "holder" means (in 
relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon) the bearer of any Note, Coupon or Talon (as the case 
may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them on this Note, the absence 
of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form in the denomination of the Specified Denomination(s), 
or an integral multiple thereof ("Authorised Denominations"). The minimum denomination 
shall be EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the 
relevant Notes). 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment 
Basis shown hereon. 
The Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a 
Talon) attached in case of Definitive Notes, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which 
case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), 
Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
Intern/Internal
Title to the Notes and Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto in case of Definitive Notes 
shall pass by delivery unless applicable law provides otherwise or provides for additional 
requirements for transfer of title. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or 
as required by law, the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and 
may be treated as the absolute owner of such Note, Coupon or Talon, as the case may be, 
for the purpose of receiving payment thereon or on account thereof and for all other 
purposes, whether or not such Note, Coupon or Talon shall be overdue and notwithstanding 
any notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing thereon made by anyone. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global note (a "Global Note") held on 
behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg" and together with Euroclear the "ICSDs"), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal 
amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the 
account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of 
manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of 
principal or interest on the Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note 
shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note (and the expressions 
"Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly). Notes which are represented by a Global Note held by a common depositary 
for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Any amendments to the Conditions required in 
connection with such additional or alternative clearing system shall be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
Status 
The Notes and Coupons constitute direct, unconditional and (without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer and rank pari passu and rateably without any preference among themselves and 
(subject to any applicable statutory exceptions and without prejudice as aforesaid) equally 
with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
3. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or Coupons remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement), the Issuer will not after the Issue Date of the Notes secure any Public Debt 
then or thereafter existing, by any mortgage, lien, pledge or other in rem security right upon 
any of its present or future assets or revenues without at the same time securing the Notes 
equally and rateably by such mortgage, lien, pledge or other in rem security right, and the 
instrument creating such mortgage, lien, pledge or other in rem security right shall expressly 
so provide. 
For the purposes of the foregoing paragraph, "Public Debt" means any loan, debt, 
guarantee or other obligation of the Issuer represented by bonds, notes, debentures or any 
other publicly-issued debt securities which are, or are intended to be, from time to time

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
Intern/Internal
quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, automated trading system, over 
the counter or other securities market. 
4. 
Interest 
(a) 
Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Notes and Accrual 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date (specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, 
the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed 
Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon 
Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall 
be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented 
by such Global Note; or 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination 
of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product 
of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount 
and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates  
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. Such Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as: 
(A) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates; or

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
Intern/Internal
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest 
Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months 
or other period shown hereon as the Specified Period after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
(x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which 
an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date 
would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the 
Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date shall be: 
(I) 
in the case of (x) above, the last day that is a Business Day in 
the relevant month and the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis; or  
(II) 
in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the 
last Business Day in the month which falls within the Specified 
Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Period 
shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
Intern/Internal
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated hereon) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this 
sub-paragraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions as published by International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes; (the "ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
(I) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(II) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
(III) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", 
"Calculation Agent", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", 
"Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to 
those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(I) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(a) 
the offered quotation; or 
(b) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there 
is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such 
lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Notes will be determined as provided hereon;

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
Intern/Internal
(II) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph 
(A)(I)(a) above applies and no such offered quotation appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-paragraph (A)(I)(b) above 
applies and fewer than two such offered quotations appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date, subject as provided below, 
the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the offered 
quotations that each of the Reference Banks is quoting to leading 
banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date, as determined by the Issuer, or 
a third party appointed by the Issuer (the "Rate Determination 
Agent"); and 
(III) 
if sub-paragraph (A)(II) above applies and the Issuer, or the Rate 
Determination Agent, determines that fewer than two Reference 
Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the 
rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) that the Issuer, or 
the Rate Determination Agent, determines to be the rates in 
respect of a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency 
that at least two out of five leading banks selected by the Issuer, 
or the Rate Determination Agent, in the principal financial centre 
of the country of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified 
Currency is euro, in the Euro-zone (the "Principal Financial 
Centre") are quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the date 
on which such banks would customarily quote such rates for a 
period commencing on the Effective Date for a period equivalent 
to the Specified Duration (I) to leading banks carrying on 
business in Europe, or (if the Issuer, or the Rate Determination 
Agent, determines that fewer than two of such banks are so 
quoting to leading banks in Europe) (II) to leading banks carrying 
on business in the Principal Financial Centre; except that, if 
fewer than two of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in 
the Principal Financial Centre, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest 
Determination Date (after readjustment for any difference 
between any Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the preceding Interest Period and to the relevant 
Interest Period). 
(iv) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall 
be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of 
the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available 
for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
Intern/Internal
Calculation Agent shall determine appropriate for such purposes (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) such rate at such time 
and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (iv) "Designated Maturity" means, 
in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated in the 
Reference Rate. 
(v) 
Replacement Reference Rate Determination for discontinued Reference 
Rate 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 4(b), if the Calculation 
Agent or the Issuer determines at any time prior to, on or following any 
Interest Determination Date, a Benchmark Event has occurred, the Issuer 
will, as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next 
relevant Interest Determination Date), appoint the Rate Determination Agent, 
which will determine in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, whether a substitute or successor rate for 
purposes of determining the relevant Reference Rate on each Interest 
Determination Date falling on such date or thereafter that is substantially 
comparable to the Reference Rate is available or a successor rate that has 
been recommended or selected by the monetary authority or similar authority 
(or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction of the applicable currency.  
If the Rate Determination Agent determines that there is an industry-accepted 
successor rate, the Rate Determination Agent will use such successor rate to 
determine the relevant Reference Rate. If the Rate Determination Agent has 
determined a substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing 
(such rate, the "Replacement Reference Rate") for purposes of determining 
the Reference Rate on the relevant Interest Determination Date falling on or 
after such determination,  
(A) the Rate Determination Agent will also determine changes (if any) 
to the business day convention, the definition of business day, the 
interest determination date, the day count fraction and any method for 
calculating the Replacement Reference Rate, including any adjustment 
factor needed to make such Replacement Reference Rate comparable 
to the relevant Reference Rate, in each case in a manner that is 
consistent with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement 
Reference Rate;  
(B) references to the Reference Rate in these Conditions applicable to 
the relevant Floating Rate Note will be deemed to be references to the 
relevant Replacement Reference Rate, including any alternative 
method for determining such rate as described in (A) above;  
(C) the Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of the foregoing 
as soon as reasonably practicable; and  
(D) the Issuer will give notice as soon as reasonably practicable to the 
Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices)) and the 
Calculation Agent specifying the Replacement Reference Rate, as well 
as the details described in (A) above.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
Intern/Internal
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters 
referred to above by the Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of 
manifest error and without prejudice to the Calculation Agent's ability to rely 
on the Issuer's notice as referenced in (D) above) be final and binding on the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent, and will apply to the relevant Notes without any 
requirement that the Issuer obtains consent of any Noteholders.  
If the Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine 
a substitute Replacement Reference Rate, then the Reference Rate will be 
equal to the Reference Rate last determined in relation to the Notes in respect 
of a preceding Interest Period. 
For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have 
accepted the Replacement Reference Rate or such other changes pursuant 
to this Condition 4(b)(v). 
The Rate Determination Agent will be (A) a major bank or broker-dealer in a 
principal financial centre of the European Union or the United Kingdom as 
appointed by the Issuer; or (B), if it is not reasonably practicable to appoint a 
party as referred to under (A), the Issuer. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(b), neither the 
Calculation Agent nor the Determination Agent is obliged to concur with the 
Issuer or the Independent Advisor in respect of any changes or amendments 
as contemplated under this Condition 4(b) to which, in the sole opinion of the 
Calculation Agent or the Determination Agent (as applicable), would have the 
effect of (i) exposing the Calculation Agent or the Determination Agent (as 
applicable) to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction or (ii) increasing the obligations 
or duties, or decreasing the rights or protections, of the Calculation Agent or 
the Determination Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or 
these Conditions. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(b), if in the Calculation 
Agent or the Determination Agent's opinion there is any uncertainty between 
two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or 
calculation under this Condition 4(b), the Calculation Agent or the 
Determination Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer and/or the Independent 
Advisor thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent or the 
Determination Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to 
adopt. If the Calculation Agent or the Determination Agent is not promptly 
provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation 
or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer and/or the 
Independent Advisor (as the case may be) thereof and the Calculation Agent 
or the Determination Agent shall be under no obligation to make such 
calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Paying Agent, Calculation Agent nor 
Determination Agent shall be obliged to monitor or inquire whether a 
Benchmark Event has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
Intern/Internal
(c) 
Step Up Option for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes 
 
This Condition 4(c) applies to Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms 
indicates that the Step Up Option is applicable ("Sustainability-Linked Step Up 
Notes"). 
 
If a Step Up Event has occurred in relation to a Series of Sustainability-Linked Step 
Up Notes, then for any Interest Period commencing on or after the Interest Payment 
Date immediately following the Step Up Event, the Initial Rate of Interest (in the case 
of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) 
applicable to such Series of Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes shall be increased 
by the Step Up Margin. If the applicable Final Terms indicates that the Step Down 
Option is also applicable, the Initial Rate of Interest or the Initial Margin, as the case 
may be, shall be the Initial Rate of Interest or the Initial Margin as adjusted following 
the prior occurrence of a Step Down Event. 
 
The Issuer will cause: 
 
(a)  
the occurrence of a Step Up Event; or 
 
(b)  
the satisfaction of the SPT Condition in respect of the SPT Observation Date, 
 
as the case may be, to be notified to the Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable after 
such occurrence or satisfaction (as applicable) and, in respect of (b) above only, in 
no event later than the relevant Reporting End Date. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and in the case of (a) above, shall specify, the Step Up Margin and the Step Up 
Date. No such notification shall be required to be made with regard to (b) above if a 
Step Up Event has previously occurred and been notified to the Paying Agent and 
the Noteholders as required by this Condition 4(c) unless the applicable Final Terms 
indicates that the Step Down Option is also applicable and such Step Down Event 
has subsequently occurred. 
 
A Step Up Event may only occur once during the term of a Series of Sustainability-
Linked Step Up Notes, unless the applicable Final Terms indicates that the Step 
Down Option is also applicable and the Step Up Event occurs again after the 
occurrence of a Step Down Event.  
 
The Paying Agent shall not be obliged to monitor or inquire as to whether a Step Up 
Event has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof and it shall be entitled to 
rely absolutely on any notice given to it by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4(c) 
without further enquiry or liability. 
 
As used in these Conditions: 
 
 
"CO2 Emissions" means the aggregate amount of (i) greenhouse gas emissions 
that are a direct effect of the Issuer's own operations which are mainly driven by 
methane (CH4) emissions and other emissions deriving from gas fired compressors 
and compression engines, gas consumption for heating buildings and boilers at gas 
receiving stations (the "CO2 Scope 1 Emissions") and (ii) emissions which include 
the indirect emissions of energy procured, mainly related to the use of electricity for 
electrical compressors and for the production of nitrogen (the "CO2 Scope 2 
Emissions") measured by a total amount of emissions for a given full calendar year 
in kilotonnes of CO2 equivalents in respect of the total emissions for the Issuer

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
Intern/Internal
comprising the emissions of all Operated Entities, in line with the GHG Protocol 
Standard;  
 
 
"CO2 Emissions Amount" means the absolute amount of CO2 Emissions calculated 
as the sum of the gross emissions of the CO2 Scope 1 Emissions and the market 
based CO2 Scope 2 Emissions taking into account that for the purposes of the 
calculation of the market based CO2 Scope 2 Emissions, a zero CO2 equivalent 
emission factor is applied to the electricity use of the Issuer and all Operated Entities 
that is covered by the GO or other contractual instruments; 
 
"CO2 Emissions Target Amount" means the CO2 Emissions of an amount equal to 
70 + (0.137*Transport Volume) as calculated in good faith by the Issuer and 
published by the Issuer in accordance with the applicable Reporting Requirements; 
 
"GHG Protocol Standard" means the document titled "The Greenhouse Gas 
Protocol, A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)" 
published by the World Business Council for Sustainable Development and the 
World Resources Institute (as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the relevant Series of Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes); 
 
"GO" means a Guarantee of Origin tracking instrument defined in article 15 of the 
European Renewable Energy Directive 2009/28/EC (that is replaced by 
2018/2001/EC) which labels electricity from renewable sources to provide 
information to electricity customers on the source of their energy); 
 
"Group" means the Issuer and its subsidiaries; 
 
"Initial Margin" means, in respect of any Series of Floating Rate Notes, the Margin 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, as adjusted by the Step Down Margin (as 
defined in Condition 4(d)), if applicable; 
 
"Initial Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Series of Fixed Rate Notes, the 
Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms, as adjusted by the Step 
Down Margin (as defined in Condition 4(d)), if applicable; 
 
"KPIs" means Methane Emissions and/or CO2 Emissions as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in each case as calculated in good faith by the Issuer in 
respect of a Reporting Year, confirmed by the SLB Assurance Provider and reported 
by the Issuer in the relevant SLB Progress Report; 
 
 
"Methane Emissions" means methane emissions measured by a total amount of 
methane (CH4) emissions for a given full calendar year in kilotonnes of CO2 
equivalents in respect of the total gross methane emissions for the Issuer comprising  
 
the methane emissions of all Operated Entities, in line with the GHG Protocol 
Standard; 
 
"Methane Emissions Amount" means the absolute amount of Methane Emissions 
taking into account that for the purposes of the calculation, it is assumed that 1 
kilogram of methane has a global warming potential of 25 kilograms of CO₂ 
equivalents (GWP=25); 
 
"Operated Entities" means each of Gasunie Transport Services B.V., Gasunie 
Deutschland GmbH & Co. KG, BBL Company V.O.F., EnergyStock B.V. and 
Hynetwork Services B.V.;

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
Intern/Internal
"Methane Emissions Target Amount" means the Methane Emissions of a 
maximum amount of CO2 equivalents as specified in the applicable Final Terms for 
the calendar year as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
"Reporting End Date" means, in relation to any Reporting Year, the day falling 120 
days after the last day of the relevant Reporting Year; 
 
"Reporting Requirements" means the requirement that the Issuer publishes on its 
website, and in accordance with the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework, by no 
later than the relevant Reporting End Date, (i) in respect of the relevant Reporting 
Year, the Methane Emissions Amount, the CO2 Emissions Amount, the CO2 
Emissions Target Amount, the KPIs (only to the extent that such KPI is specified as 
applicable in any Final Terms), as included in the Issuer's integrated annual report 
(the "SLB Progress Report") and (ii) a verification assurance report issued by the 
SLB Assurance Provider (the "SLB Verification Assurance Report", which may 
form part of the SLB Progress Report) in respect of the KPIs provided in the SLB 
Progress Report; 
 
"Reporting Year" means, for any Series of Sustainability-Linked Notes, the financial 
year of the Group ending on the relevant SPT Observation Date(s); 
 
"SLB Assurance Provider" means such independent, qualified auditor of third party 
assurance or attestation services appointed by the Issuer to review the Issuer's 
statement of the KPIs; 
 
"SLB Progress Report" has the meaning given to it in the definition of Reporting 
Requirements above; 
 
"SLB Verification Assurance Report" has the meaning given to it in the definition 
of Reporting Requirements above. 
 
"SPT Condition" means the condition that in respect of an SPT Observation Date: 
 
(a)  
the Reporting Requirements have been met by the Issuer; and 
 
(b)  
(i) in respect of Methane Emissions (if specified as a KPI in the applicable 
Final Terms), the Sustainability Performance Target has been met and/or (ii) 
in respect of CO2 Emissions (if specified as a KPI in the applicable Final 
Terms), the Sustainability Performance Target has been met, 
 
and if the requirements of paragraphs (a) and (b) are not met, the Issuer shall be 
deemed to have failed to satisfy the SPT Condition in respect of the relevant SPT 
Observation Date; 
 
"SPT Observation Date(s)" means, for any Series of Sustainability-Linked Notes, 
the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the SPT Observation 
Date(s); 
 
"Step Up Date" means the first day of the next Interest Period following the date on 
which a Step Up Event occurs; 
 
a "Step Up Event" occurs if: 
 
(a)  
the Issuer fails to satisfy the SPT Condition in respect of the SPT Observation 
 
Date; and

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
Intern/Internal
 
(b)  
no Step Up Event has previously occurred in respect of the Sustainability-
 Linked Step Up Notes, unless the applicable Final Terms indicates that the 
Step Down Option is also applicable and a Step Down Event has occurred 
thereafter; 
 
"Step Up Margin" means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being the Step Up Margin; 
 
"Sustainability Performance Target" means:  
 
(i)  
in respect of Methane Emissions (if specified as a KPI in the applicable Final 
Terms), the Methane Emissions Amount not exceeding the Methane 
Emissions Target Amount; and/or 
 
(ii) 
in respect of CO2 Emissions (if specified as a KPI in the applicable Final 
Terms), the CO2 Emissions Amount not exceeding the CO2 Emissions Target 
Amount, 
 
each (expressed as an absolute amount) as shown in the relevant SLB Progress 
Report and verified in the SLB Verification Assurance Report; 
 
"Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework" means the version of the Group's 
sustainability-linked bond framework published on the Issuer's website as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Sustainability-Linked Notes; 
 
 
 
"Sustainability-Linked Notes" means a Series of Notes which are Sustainability-
 
Linked Step Up Notes, Sustainability-Linked Step Down Notes (as defined in 
 
Condition 4(d) and/or Sustainability-Linked Redemption Premium Notes (as defined 
 
in Condition 5(i));  
 
"Transport Volume" means the annual volume of gas transported by Operated 
Entities, as measured in terawatt-hours (TWh); and 
(d) 
Step Down Option for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes 
 
This Condition 4(d) applies to Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms 
indicates that the Step Down Option is applicable ("Sustainability-Linked Step 
Down Notes"). 
 
If a Step Down Event has occurred in relation to a Series of Sustainability-Linked 
Step Down Notes, then for any Interest Period commencing on or after the Interest 
Payment Date immediately following the Step Down Event, the Initial Rate of Interest 
(in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes) applicable to such Series of Sustainability-Linked Step Down Notes shall be 
decreased by the Step Down Margin. If the applicable Final Terms indicates that the 
Step Up Option is also applicable, the Initial Rate of Interest or the Initial Margin, as 
the case may be, shall be the Initial Rate of Interest or the Initial Margin as adjusted 
following the prior occurrence of a Step Up Event. 
 
The Issuer will cause: 
 
(a)  
the occurrence of a Step Down Event; or 
 
(b)  
the SPT Condition not being satisfied in respect of the SPT Observation Date,

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
Intern/Internal
 
as the case may be, to be notified to the Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable after 
such occurrence or non-satisfaction (as applicable) and, in respect of (b) above only, 
in no event later than the relevant Reporting End Date. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and in the case of (a) above shall specify the Step Down Margin and the 
Step Down Date. No such notification shall be required to be made with regard to 
(b) above if a Step Down Event has previously occurred and been notified to the 
Paying Agent and the Noteholders as required by this Condition 4(d) unless the 
applicable Final Terms indicates that the Step Up Option is also applicable and such 
Step Up Event has subsequently occurred. 
 
A Step Down Event may only occur once during the term of a Series of Sustainability-
Linked Step Down Notes, unless the applicable Final Terms indicates that the Step 
Up Option is also applicable and the Step Down Event occurs again after the 
occurrence of a Step Up Event.  
 
The Paying Agent shall not be obliged to monitor or inquire as to whether a Step 
Down Event has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof and it shall be 
entitled to rely absolutely on any notice given to it by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 4(d) without further enquiry or liability. 
 
As used in these Conditions: 
 
"Step Down Date" means the first day of the next Interest Period following the date 
on which a Step Down Event occurs; 
 
a "Step Down Event" occurs if: 
 
(a)  
the Issuer satisfies the SPT Condition in respect of the SPT Observation 
Date; and 
 
(b)  
no Step Down Event has previously occurred in respect of the Sustainability-
 Linked Step Down Notes, unless the applicable Final Terms indicates that 
the Step Up Option is also applicable and a Step Up Event has occurred 
thereafter; and 
 
"Step Down Margin" means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being the Step Down Margin. 
 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount 
and will not bear interest.  
Where a Zero Coupon Note is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid 
when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early 
Redemption Amount of such Note.  
As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a 
Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) as described in 
Condition 5(b)(i) (Zero Coupon Notes).

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
Intern/Internal
(f) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption, unless, 
upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event 
interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of 
Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 4 to the Relevant Date (as defined 
in Condition 7 (Taxation)). 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the applicable Final Terms (either (x) generally, 
or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Periods), an adjustment shall be 
made to: 
(A) 
all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x); or  
(B) 
the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Periods, in the case of (y); 
calculated in accordance with Condition 4(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) 
by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a 
negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or 
Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the 
case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions 
(unless otherwise specified): 
(A) 
all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up); 
(B) 
all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves 
being rounded up); and  
(C) 
all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the 
nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in 
the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For 
these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country or, as appropriate, countries 
of such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period.  
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") 
payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the 
Rate of Interest to:

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
Intern/Internal
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, 
the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Note; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and 
in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination 
of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption 
Amounts 
As soon as practicable after the relevant time on such date as the Calculation Agent 
may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any 
determination or calculation, it shall determine such rate and calculate the Interest 
Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for the relevant 
Interest Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount 
or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination 
or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if 
required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount 
or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Issuer, any Paying Agent, the 
Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices)), any other Calculation 
Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon 
receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the 
rules of such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such 
exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the 
fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or 
Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 4(b)(ii) (Business 
Day Convention), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9 (Events of 
Default), the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes 
shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this 
Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so 
calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of 
each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding 
upon all parties.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
Intern/Internal
(j) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer will procure that there shall at all times be four Reference Banks (or such 
other number as may be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and 
a Calculation Agent if provision is made for them in the Conditions applicable to this 
Note and for so long as it is outstanding. If any Reference Bank (acting through its 
relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then 
the Issuer will appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant 
Financial Centre to act as such in its place. If the Calculation Agent is unable or 
unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of 
Interest for any Interest Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, 
as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer will appoint 
the London office of a leading bank engaged in the London interbank market to act 
as such in its place or such office of such leading bank engaged in the interbank 
market in such major European city as may be appropriate to the Notes. The 
Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. 
In the Conditions, the expression "Reference Banks" means in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer, or the Rate 
Determination Agent. 
(k) 
Definitions 
As used in these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following 
defined terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 
five Business Days or ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(ii) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling 
six months prior to the specified date referred to in (2)(i) above; or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate 
will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued 
and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in 
(4)(i) above; or 
(v) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
Intern/Internal
specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date 
referred to in (5)(i) above; or 
(vi) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no 
longer representative or may no longer be used; or 
(vii) 
it has, or will prior to the next Reset Determination Date, become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent, the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other party to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate. 
Provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the 
Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as 
the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (v) above, on the date of the 
prohibition of use of the Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (vi) 
above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer 
be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of 
its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public statement, 
and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement. 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in the principal financial centre for such currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which T2 is operating (a "T2 Business Day"); 
and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business 
Centre(s) or, if no currency is Indicated, generally in each of the Business 
Centres. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest 
on any Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to 
but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the 
"Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365;  
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an 
Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366;

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
Intern/Internal
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on 
a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360 x (Y2 – Y1)]+[30 x (M2 – M1]+(D2 – D1) 
                                      
 
 
                       360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day; 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = [360 x (Y2 – Y1)]+[30 x (M2 – M1]+(D2 – D1) 
              
 
 
 
 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
Intern/Internal
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in 
any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the 
sum of: 
(I) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; 
and 
(II) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
where "Determination Period" means the period from and including a 
Determination Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date. 
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an 
Interest Determination Date, the date specified as such in the applicable terms or, if 
none is so specified, the first day of the Interest Period to which such Interest 
Determination Date relates. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union 
that adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community as amended by the Treaty on European Union. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and an 
Interest Period: 
(i) 
the date specified as such in the applicable terms; or 
(ii) 
if none is so specified: 
(A) 
the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling; 
or  
(B) 
the day falling two Business Days in London prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro; or

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
Intern/Internal
(C) 
the day falling two T2 Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date 
and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) on the Notes. 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be 
determined in accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest 
Determination Date, in the case of EURIBOR the Euro-zone. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part 
of a particular information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(or such successor or replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
service which may be used for the purposes of displaying an interest rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) in the case of EURIBOR. 
"Replacement Reference Rate" means, in case of a Benchmark Event, the 
substitute or successor rate to determine the relevant Reference Rate on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date falling on or after such determination, as 
determined by the Rate Determination Agent in accordance with Condition 4(b)(iv). 
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be 
determined in accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest 
Determination Date, the amount specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the 
time. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, 
the duration specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is specified, a period 
of time equal to the relative Interest Period, ignoring any adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 4(b)(ii) (Business Day Convention). 
"T2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System or any successor or replacement for that system.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
Intern/Internal
5. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below pursuant 
to any Issuer's or Noteholder's option in accordance with paragraph (c), (d), (e) or 
(f) of this Condition 0, each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Early Redemption 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) shall be the 
Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the "Amortised 
Face Amount" of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a 
rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would 
produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes 
if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) 
compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note 
upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 5(c) (Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 9 (Events of Default) is not paid when due, the Early 
Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be 
the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph 
(B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though 
the date on which the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant 
Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with 
this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (as well after as before 
judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or 
after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall 
be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 4(c) (Zero Coupon Notes). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, 
it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon. 
(ii) 
Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than 
Notes described in sub-paragraph (i) above), upon redemption of such Note 
pursuant to Condition 5(c) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default),

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
Intern/Internal
shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on 
any Interest Payment Date at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) (Early Redemption)) (together 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if:  
(i) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided 
or referred to in Condition 7 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Netherlands or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date; 
and  
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be 
obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Notes then due.  
Before the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Paying Agent a certificate signed on behalf of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's Options 
If "Call Option" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, unless the 
Issuer has given notice under Condition 5(c) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) to 
redeem the Notes, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) redeem in relation to all or, if so provided), some of the Notes 
on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their 
Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal 
amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount 
to be redeemed specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If "Adjusted Redemption Price" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Optional Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount per Note shall be 
the higher of: 
(i) 
the nominal amount of the Note; and 
(ii) 
the nominal amount of the Note multiplied by the price (as reported in writing 
to the Issuer by a reputable financial adviser of international standing

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
Intern/Internal
selected by the Issuer (the "Financial Adviser")) expressed as a percentage 
(rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point (with halves being rounded up)), at which the Gross 
Redemption Yield on the Notes on the Optional Redemption Calculation Date 
is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield at the Determination Time on the 
Optional Redemption Calculation Date of the Reference Bond (or, where the 
Financial Adviser advises the Issuer that, for reasons of illiquidity or 
otherwise, such Reference Bond is not appropriate for such purpose, such 
other government debt security as such Financial Adviser may recommend), 
plus any applicable Margin. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, "Optional Redemption Calculation Date", 
"Determination Time", "Reference Bond" and "Margin" shall have the meanings 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and "Gross Redemption Yield" means a 
yield calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time, 
as advised to the Issuer by the Financial Adviser. All Notes in respect of which any 
such notice is given under this Condition 5(d) shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition 5(d). 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the 
Issuer's option shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance 
with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option, the 
notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers of the Notes to be 
redeemed or in respect of which such option has been exercised, which shall have 
been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the 
circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance 
with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements and the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-Up Call) and Exercise of Issuer's 
Options 
 
If "Clean-Up Call" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that 25% 
or less of the initial aggregate principal amount of the Notes (including any further 
Notes issued pursuant to Condition 12) remains outstanding (other than as a result 
of the Issuer exercising an Issuer Call pursuant to Condition 5(d) at an Optional 
Redemption Amount that is higher than the Clean-Up Call Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Issuer may on giving not less than 15 
nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders or such other notice period as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption) redeem all, but not some only, of the 
outstanding Notes. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Clean-Up Call 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed 
for redemption.  
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders' Options 
If Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option 
of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 
nor more than 30 days' notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
Intern/Internal
Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit such Note (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent, together with 
a duly completed option exercise notice ("Exercise Notice") in the form obtainable 
from any Paying Agent within the notice period. No Note so deposited and option 
exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without 
the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(g) 
Purchases 
The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes (provided 
that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(h) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may be 
surrendered for cancellation by surrendering each such Note together with all 
unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Paying Agent and, if so 
surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled 
forthwith (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may 
not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such 
Notes shall be discharged. 
(i) 
Premium Payment Option 
This Condition 5(i) applies to Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms 
indicates that the Premium Payment Option is applicable ("Sustainability-Linked 
Redemption Premium Notes"). 
If a Premium Trigger Event occurs in relation to a Series of Sustainability-Linked 
Redemption Premium Notes, then the Issuer shall pay in respect of each relevant 
Sustainability-Linked Redemption Premium Note an amount equal to the Premium 
Payment Amount on the Premium Payment Date. 
The Issuer will cause: 
(a)  
the occurrence of a Premium Trigger Event; or 
(b)  
the satisfaction of the SPT Condition in respect of the SPT Observation Date, 
as the case may be, to be notified to the Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable after 
such occurrence or satisfaction (as applicable) and, in respect of (b) only, in no event 
later than the relevant Reporting End Date. Such notice shall be irrevocable. No 
such notification shall be required to be made with regard to (b) above if a Premium 
Trigger Event has previously occurred and been notified to the Paying Agent and 
the Noteholders as required by this Condition 5(i). 
The Premium Payment Amount shall be payable on the Premium Payment Date 
regardless of the Issuer satisfying the SPT Condition for any SPT Observation Date 
following the occurrence of a Premium Trigger Event.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
Intern/Internal
The Paying Agent shall not be obliged to monitor or inquire as to whether a Premium 
Trigger Event has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof and it shall be 
entitled to rely absolutely on any notice given to it by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 5(i) without further enquiry or liability. 
As used in these Conditions: 
"Premium Payment Amount" means the amount per Calculation Amount specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Premium Payment Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
a "Premium Trigger Event" occurs if: 
(a)  
the Issuer fails to satisfy the SPT Condition in respect of the SPT Observation 
Date; and  
(b)  
no Premium Trigger Event has previously occurred in respect of the 
 
Sustainability-Linked Premium Redemption Notes. 
6. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes will, subject as mentioned 
below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the 
case of payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 
6(e)(v) (Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons)) or Coupons (in the case of 
interest, save as specified in Condition 6(e)(v) (Unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States and its possessions (the "United States") by a 
cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by 
transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. "Bank" means a 
bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a 
city in which banks have access to T2. No payments will be made by a transfer of 
funds into an account within the United States or by cheque mailed to an address in 
the United States. 
(b) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, 
payments of interest in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall 
have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
of the amount on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in 
full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) 
such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws etc. 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, 
regulations and directives, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
Intern/Internal
(Taxation). No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and 
their respective specified offices are listed below. The Paying Agent and the 
Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or 
Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, 
provided that it will at all times maintain: 
(i) 
a Paying Agent;  
(ii) 
a Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require one; and  
(iii) 
Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities,  
all in accordance with the requirements of any stock exchange on which the relevant 
Notes may be listed from time to time. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in 
respect of any Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in 
Condition 6(b) (Payments in the States). 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
(e) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless the Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon 
the due date for redemption of those Notes, Notes should be surrendered for 
payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing 
which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon 
(or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the 
amount of such missing unmatured Coupon which the sum of principal so 
paid bears to the total principal due) will be deducted from the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted will 
be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing 
Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment 
of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to 
Condition 8 (Prescription)). 
(ii) 
Unless the Notes provide otherwise, upon the due date for redemption of any 
Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Note in respect of which the relative Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of such Note is presented for redemption

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
Intern/Internal
without all unmatured Coupons and any unexchanged Talon relating to it, and 
where any Note is presented for redemption without any exchanged Talon 
relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provisions of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest 
or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be 
payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant 
Note. Interest accrued on a Note which only bears interest after its Maturity 
Date from its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note 
against presentation thereof. 
(f) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day nor to 
any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. For these 
purposes, "Payment Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business, in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Centres" in the applicable Final 
Terms and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to 
be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant 
currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the 
relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a T2 Business Day. 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon 
sheet issued in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet 
may be surrendered at the specified office of the Paying Agent in exchange for a 
further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) 
(but excluding any Coupons which may have become void pursuant to Condition 8 
(Prescription)). 
7. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Talons by the Issuer will 
be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes 
or duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by 
or on behalf of the Netherlands or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, 
the Issuer will, pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Coupons or Talons after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes, Coupons or Talons, as the case 
may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Coupon or Talon:

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
Intern/Internal
(a) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder, Couponholder or Talonholder 
who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note, Coupon or Talon by 
reason of his having some connection with the Netherlands other than the mere 
holding of such Note, Coupon or Talon or the receipt of principal or interest in respect 
thereof; or 
 
(b) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder, Couponholder or Talonholder 
who would not be liable or subject to the withholding or deduction by making a 
declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax 
authority; or 
 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day 
to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6 (Payment and Talons));  
 
(d) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto; or 
 
(e) 
where such holding or deduction is imposed pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax 
Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021), as amended, on an affiliated (gelieerde) entity 
of the Issuer within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 as published 
in the Official Gazette (Staatsblad) Stb. 2019, 513 of 27 December 2019. 
As used herein, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes 
due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by 
the Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount 
of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
Noteholders.  
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than or in addition 
to the Netherlands references herein to the Netherlands shall be read and construed as 
references to the Netherlands and/or to such other jurisdiction. 
8. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which, for this 
purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 
five years from the date on which such payment first became due. 
9. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events ("Events of Default") shall have occurred and be continuing, 
the holder for the time being of this Note may give written notice to the Paying Agent at its 
specified office that this Note is immediately repayable, whereupon this Note shall become 
immediately repayable at its Early Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the 
date for repayment without any further notice being required (verzuim zonder 
ingebrekestelling) unless prior to the time when the Paying Agent receives such notice all 
events of default provided for herein in respect of the Notes shall have been cured: 
(a) 
the Issuer defaults in any payment of principal of or interest on any Note when and 
as the same shall become due and payable, if such default shall not have been cured 
within 15 days after the date the payment is due; or

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
Intern/Internal
(b) 
the Issuer defaults in the due performance of any other material provision of the 
Notes and such default is not cured or waived within 30 days after receipt by the 
Paying Agent of written notice of default given by the holder of such Note; or 
(c) 
if an encumbrancer shall take possession of the whole or a major part of the assets 
of the Issuer, or a distress or execution or other process shall be levied or enforced 
upon or sued out against the whole or a major part of the assets of the Issuer or if 
an executory attachment (executoriaal beslag) is made on any major part of the 
Issuer's assets or if an interlocutory attachment (conservatoir beslag) is made 
thereon and in any of the foregoing cases it is not cancelled or withdrawn within 30 
days; or 
(d) 
if any order shall be made by any competent court or other authority or a resolution 
passed for the dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer or for the appointment of a 
liquidator or receiver of the Issuer of all or substantially all of its respective assets or 
if the Issuer enters into a composition with its creditors, files a petition for suspension 
of payments, admits in writing that it cannot pay its debts generally as they become 
due, initiates a proceeding in bankruptcy or is adjudicated bankrupt; or 
(e) 
the Issuer or any of its major subsidiaries defaults in the payment of the principal of, 
or premium or prepayment charge (if any) or interest on, or any other obligations in 
respect of borrowed moneys of or assumed or guaranteed by the Issuer or such 
major subsidiary, as the case may be, having a principal amount individually or in 
aggregate exceeding EUR 200,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies), when and as the same shall become due and payable, if such default 
shall continue for more than the period of grace, if any, applicable thereto and the 
time for payment of such interest, principal, premium or prepayment charge has not 
been effectively extended, or if any obligations in respect of borrowed moneys of or 
assumed or guaranteed by the Issuer or any of its major subsidiaries, as the case 
may be, having a principal amount individually or in aggregate exceeding EUR 
200,000,000, shall have become repayable before the due date thereof as a result 
of acceleration of maturity by reason of the occurrence of an event of default 
thereunder unless the Issuer or such major subsidiary is contesting in good faith 
before a competent court that such principal, premium, prepayment charge, interest 
or obligation in respect of borrowed money, as the case may be, is due in which 
case such default will only become effective (subject to the following proviso) when 
such court has set out a definitive ruling that such principal, premium, prepayment 
charge, interest or obligation in respect of borrowed money, as the case may be, is 
due provided that, in any event, such default shall become effective six months after 
a notice is given to the Issuer by a holder of a Note that such Note is repayable 
pursuant to this Condition 9. For the purpose of this sub-paragraph (e), "major 
subsidiary" shall mean any company or entity of which the Issuer controls more 
than 50% of the share capital or voting powers and whose pro rata share of the 
assets constitute more than 15% of the consolidated assets of the Issuer and its 
consolidated subsidiaries, based on the most recent available interim or annual 
financial statements of the relevant company or entity or the Issuer, respectively.  
(f) 
there is a cessation of business or of a substantial part thereof by the Issuer; or 
(g) 
the Issuer merges or otherwise amalgamates with any other incorporated or 
unincorporated legal entity unless the legal entity surviving such merger or 
amalgamation expressly assumes all obligations of the Issuer with respect to the 
Notes and has obtained all necessary authorisations therefore; or

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
Intern/Internal
(h) 
at any time a special authorisation becomes necessary to permit the Issuer to pay 
principal of and interest on the Notes in accordance with their terms as a result of 
any change in the official application of, or any amendment to, the laws or regulations 
of the Netherlands and such authorisation is not obtained by the Issuer within 60 
days of the effective date of such change or amendment or official notification 
thereof, whichever occurs later. 
10. 
Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meeting of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening both physical and virtual 
meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including 
modification by Extraordinary Resolution of the Notes (including these Conditions 
insofar as the same may apply to such Notes). Such a meeting may be convened 
by Noteholders holding not less than 10% in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding or by the Issuer. The quorum for any meeting convened to 
consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or 
representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless 
the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia,  
(i) 
to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date for 
payment of interest thereon; 
(ii) 
to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any premium payable on 
redemption of, the Notes; 
(iii) 
to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the 
method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the 
basis for calculating the Interest Amount in the respect thereof; 
(iv) 
if there is shown on the face of the Notes or the Final Terms a Minimum Rate 
of Interest and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest, to reduce such Minimum Rate 
of Interest and/or such Maximum Rate of Interest; 
(v) 
to change any method of calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, including the 
method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount; 
(vi) 
to change the currency or currencies of payment of the Notes and for the 
Coupons appertaining thereto; 
(vii) 
to take any steps which this Note specifies may only be taken following 
approval by an Extraordinary Resolution to which the special quorum 
provisions apply; or 
(viii) 
to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of 
Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution,  
in which case the Extraordinary Resolution will only be binding if passed at a meeting 
of the Noteholders (or at any adjournment thereof) at which a quorum is present of 
one or more persons holding Notes or voting certificates or being proxies and holding 
or representing in the aggregate not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
Intern/Internal
Notes for the time being outstanding or one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding at any adjourned meeting of Noteholders (as provided for 
in the Agency Agreement).  
No such Extraordinary Resolution shall be effective unless approved by the Issuer. 
Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether 
or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and 
on all Couponholders. 
The expression "Extraordinary Resolution" when used in the Conditions means a 
resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly convened and held in 
accordance with the provisions herein contained by a majority consisting of not less 
than 75% of the persons voting thereat upon a show of hands or if a poll be duly 
demanded then by a majority consisting of not less than 75% of the votes given on 
such poll.  
(b) 
Modification of Agency Agreement 
The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of 
any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency 
Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange regulations, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer 
for that purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices) in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity 
(which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Coupon 
or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for 
further Coupons, there will be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the 
Issuer in respect of such Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer 
may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
12. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (so that, 
for the avoidance of doubt, references in the conditions of such notes to "Issue Date" shall 
be to the first issue date of the Notes) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form 
a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to Notes shall be 
construed accordingly. 
13. 
Notices 
Notices to the holders of Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
Dutch language daily newspaper of general circulation in Amsterdam (which is expected to 
be Het Financieele Dagblad). The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published 
in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or another 
relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have 
been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
Intern/Internal
of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on 
the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice 
to the holders of Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
14. 
Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment 
under the relevant Note or Coupon is due (whether as a result of, or enforcement of, a 
judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer 
or otherwise) by any Noteholder or Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be 
due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent that the 
amount in the currency of payment under the relevant Note or Coupon that the recipient is 
able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the 
date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, 
on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If the amount received or recovered is 
less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Note or Coupon, the 
Issuer shall indemnify the recipient against any loss sustained by the recipient as a result. 
In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such 
purchase. For the purposes of this Condition, it shall be sufficient for the Noteholder or 
Couponholder, as the case may be, to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had 
an actual purchase been made. These indemnities constitute a separate and independent 
obligation from the Issuer's other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent 
cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Noteholder or 
Couponholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, 
claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note or Coupon 
or any other judgment or order. 
15. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes, the Coupons and the Talons, and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection therewith are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, the laws of the Netherlands. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The competent courts of Amsterdam are to have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes, the Coupons, 
or the Talons (including any disputes relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Coupons or the Talons) and 
accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes, the Coupons or the Talons (including any proceedings relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Coupons 
or the Talons) ("Proceedings") may be brought in such courts. These submissions 
are made for the benefit of each of the holders of the Notes, Coupons and Talons 
and shall not affect the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court 
of competent jurisdiction.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
Intern/Internal
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
The following contains a summary of the provisions relating to the notes while in global 
form. All essential provisions are included. 
Each Series or Tranche, as the case may be, will initially be represented by a Temporary 
or Permanent Global Note, in bearer form without Coupons, which will: 
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for the ICSDs; or 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or 
prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common 
Depositary") for the ICSDs and/or any other agreed clearing system. 
No interest will be payable in respect of a Temporary Global Note except as provided below. 
Upon deposit of the Temporary Global Note with the Common Depositary, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be) will credit each subscriber with a nominal 
amount of Notes equal to the principal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the 
holder of a Note represented by a Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the 
bearer of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note, 
subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of the ICSDs. Such 
persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the 
Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note and such obligations 
of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note in respect of 
each amount so paid. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank ("ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form 
are in compliance with the 'Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in 
ESCB credit operations' of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), 
provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced 
that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by the ICSDs, Luxembourg as of 
30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through the ICSDs after 
31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN 
form is used. 
The Temporary Global Notes and the Permanent Global Notes contain provisions which 
apply to the Notes while they are in global form, some of which modify the effect of the 
Terms and Conditions. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
1. 
Exchange 
On or after any Exchange Date (as defined below), each Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a 
Permanent Global Note. 
On or after any Exchange Date, each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of 
charge to the holder, in whole but not, except as provided in the paragraphs below, in part, 
to the extent permitted by the rules of the ICSDs, for Definitive Notes:

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
Intern/Internal
(a) 
by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders and the Paying Agent of its intention 
to effect such exchange, unless principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when 
due; 
(b) 
otherwise, (1) if the Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and any such clearing system is closed for business for 
a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or 
otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does 
so or (2) if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving 
notice to the Paying Agent of its election for such exchange. 
For so long as a Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules 
of that clearing system permit, such Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part 
on one or more occasions for Definitive Notes on or following any failure to pay principal in 
respect of any Notes when it is due and payable. 
The holder of a Permanent Global Note may surrender the Permanent Global Note or, in 
the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order of the Paying 
Agent. In exchange for any Permanent Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, 
the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate principal amount of 
duly executed and authenticated definitive Notes (if appropriate, having attached to them 
all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been paid on the Permanent Global 
Note and a Talon), security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock 
exchange requirements and in or substantially in the form set out in Schedule 2 to the 
Agency Agreement. On exchange in full of each Permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if 
the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with 
the relevant definitive Notes. 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Note, the day falling after the 
expiry of 40 days after its issue date and, in relation to a Permanent Global Note, a day 
falling not less than 60 days after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and 
on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Paying 
Agent is located and on which the ICSDs are open for business. 
2. 
Payments 
No payment falling due more than 40 days after the date of issue of any Tranche 
represented by a Temporary Global Note will be made on that Temporary Global Note 
unless exchange for an interest in a Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or 
refused. Payments on any Temporary Global Note during the period up to 40 days after the 
issue date of such Tranche will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership as set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of 
Notes represented by a Global Note will be made against presentation for endorsement 
and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global 
Note to or to the order of the Paying Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have been 
notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. A record of each payment so made will be 
endorsed in the appropriate schedule to each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima 
facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. 
3. 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note and such Permanent 
Global Note is held on behalf of a common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case 
may be, for the ICSDs, notices to Noteholders of that Series may be given by delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear and to Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable) for

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
Intern/Internal
communication by them to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as required 
by the Terms and Conditions. 
4. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of the Notes which are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note will become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of five years 
from the date on which payment first becomes due. 
5. 
Meetings 
The holder of a Permanent Global Note will be treated as being two persons for the 
purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such 
meeting, as having one vote in respect of each minimum denomination of Notes for which 
such Permanent Global Note may be exchanged. 
6. 
Purchase and Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note surrendered for cancellation by the Issuer following its purchase 
will be effected by reduction in the principal amount of the relevant Permanent Global Note. 
7. 
Issuer's Option 
No drawing of Notes will be required under Condition 0(d) (Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer and Exercise of Issuer's Options) of the Terms and Conditions in the event that the 
Issuer exercises any option relating to those Notes while all such Notes which are 
outstanding are represented by a Permanent Global Note. In the event that any option of 
such Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights 
of accountholders with the ICSDs in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard 
procedures of the ICSDs. 
8. 
Noteholders' Option 
Any Noteholders' option may be exercised by the holder of a Permanent Global Note giving 
notice to the Paying Agent of the principal amount of Notes in respect of which the option 
is exercised and presenting such Permanent Global Note for endorsement of exercise within 
the time limits specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
9. 
Default 
Each Global Note provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or a portion of it, 
to become due and repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 9 (Events of 
Default) of the Terms and Conditions by stating in the notice to the Paying Agent the 
principal amount of such Global Note that is becoming due and repayable.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
Intern/Internal
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular other identified use of 
proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
An example of such a particular identified use of proceeds may be, if so designated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the allocation of an amount equal to the proceeds from the issue of 
a certain Tranche of Notes to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, one or more Eligible 
Green Projects (as defined below) meeting the Eligibility Criteria (as defined below). Such 
notes may also be referred to as "Green Bonds". 
Usage for Eligible Green Projects 
"Eligible Green Projects" means new or existing green projects carried out by the Issuer 
directly and/or indirectly through the Issuer's subsidiaries, which are subject to the Eligibility 
Criteria (as defined below) and are set out in further detail by the Issuer in its Green 
Financing Framework. 
Eligible Green Projects may include the following types of expenditures: 
• 
capital expenditures; 
• 
operating expenditures, related to the improvement and maintenance of Eligible 
Green Projects as well as early stage project feasibility studies; 
• 
acquisitions of companies substantially active in the Eligible Green Projects, which 
derive at least 90% of their revenues from the Eligible Green Projects ("green pure 
players"); and 
• 
investments in joint ventures, joint operations, investments in associates, other 
participating interests dedicated to the Eligible Green Projects. 
"Eligibility Criteria" means the criteria prepared by the Issuer in the context of the Green 
Financing Framework, which are contained in the right-hand column of the table below. 
 
Energy 
infrastructure 
(Transmission 
and 
distribution networks 
for renewable and 
low-carbon gases) 
Eligible Green Projects relating to this category (energy 
infrastructure) consist in one of the following:  
Construction or operation of new transmission and 
distribution networks dedicated to hydrogen and other 
low-carbon gases, including hydrogen import terminals; 
Conversion or repurposing of existing natural gas 
networks to 100% hydrogen; 
Retrofit of existing gas transmission and distribution 
networks to enable the integration or the increase of the 
blend of hydrogen and other low-carbon gases in the 
network, including green gas boosters; 
Leak detection and repair of existing gas pipelines and 
other network elements to reduce methane leakage (for

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
Intern/Internal
issued Green Bonds the allocation of proceeds to this 
Eligible Green Project sub-category will not exceed 10%). 
Energy 
efficiency 
(District heating) 
Eligible Green Projects relating to this category (energy 
efficiency) consist in one of the following: 
Construction or operation of efficient pipelines and 
associated infrastructure for distributing heating and 
cooling (as defined in Article 2, point 41, of Directive 
2012/27/EU, district heating or cooling system using at 
least 50 % renewable energy, 50 % waste heat, 75 % 
cogenerated heat or 50 % of a combination of such energy 
and heat); 
Refurbishment of efficient pipelines and associated 
infrastructure for distributing heating and cooling, where 
the investment starts within a 3-year period; 
Modification to lower temperature regimes;  
Modification to advanced pilot systems. 
Energy 
infrastructure 
(storage 
of 
hydrogen) 
Eligible Green Projects relating to this category (energy 
infrastructure) consist in one of the following: 
Construction of hydrogen storage facilities; 
Conversion of existing underground gas storage facilities 
into storage facilities dedicated to hydrogen; 
Operation of hydrogen storage facilities, when data is 
available on the lifecycle GHG emissions of stored 
hydrogen, lower than 3tCO2e/tH2. 
 
Pollution 
prevention 
and 
control  
(carbon capture and 
storage) 
Eligible Green Projects regarding this category (pollution 
prevention and control) consist in one of the following: 
Construction and operation of any modes of transport of 
CO2, including pipelines, CO2 terminals and retrofit of gas 
networks where the main purpose is the integration of 
captured CO2, with CO2 leakages below 0.5% of the mass 
of CO2 transported, delivery to a compliant permanent 
CO2 storage site in suitable underground geological 
formations compliant with the criteria below, and 
implementation of appropriate leak detection systems and 
a monitoring plan of which the report is verified by an 
independent third party;

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
Intern/Internal
Permanent storage of captured CO2 in suitable 
underground geological formations, in compliance with 
Directive 2009/31/EC, with appropriate leakage detection 
systems to prevent release during operation and a 
monitoring plan of the injection facilities, the storage 
complex, and, where appropriate, the surrounding 
environment with the regular reports checked by the 
competent national authority. 
 
"Green Financing Framework" means the Green Financing Framework prepared by the 
Issuer providing for a clear and transparent set of criteria for green finance instruments 
issued by the Issuer. The Green Financing Framework has been prepared with the aim to 
attract funding to finance or refinance assets that contribute to the Issuer's vision 2030 and 
the EU environmental objective of climate change mitigation. The Green Financing 
Framework is aligned with the Green Bond Principles of the ICMA published in 2021, 
including the June 2022 Appendix, and the Green Loan Principles of the LMA, the LSTA 
and the APLMA published in 2023. In addition, the Green Financing Framework has 
incorporated the technical screening criteria included in the Taxonomy Delegated Act and 
requires the Issuer to take into account the do no significant harm and minimum safeguards 
criteria on a best efforts basis). The Green Financing Framework also incorporates the 
requirements on use of proceeds, allocation reporting, impact reporting and external review 
as set out in the European Green Bond Regulation. The Green Financing Framework is 
available on the website of the Issuer (https://www.gasunie.nl/organisatie/investor-
relations/schuldprogrammas/$14711/$14712) The Green Financing Framework has not 
been and will not be incorporated by reference in this Prospectus and does, therefore, not 
form part of it. 
Project Selection and Evaluation 
The Issuer will systematically and proactively identify projects which are likely to be 
allocated to a Green Bond either at present or in the foreseeable future. The selection and 
evaluation process for Eligible Green Projects will be performed and coordinated by the 
Issuer's sustainable finance working group, which is comprised of members of different 
departments of the Issuer (the "Sustainable Finance Working Group"). 
The Sustainable Finance Working Group will meet at least once a year, and more frequently 
on an as-required basis, to review the allocation of proceeds to Eligible Green Projects and 
determine whether updates to allocations are to be made (such as replacement, deletion, 
or addition of Eligible Green Projects). The Sustainable Finance Working Group may elect 
to remove from allocation an Eligible Green Project if it no longer meets the Eligibility 
Criteria defined above or if it were deemed to have become subjected to a material ESG-
related controversy. 
All Eligible Green Projects are to comply with the Issuer's internal governance. The Issuer 
has a risk management framework in which ESG risks are included. Furthermore, the 
Sustainable Finance Working Group is to consider exclusively as Eligible Green Projects 
which contribute to the EU environmental objectives, with a focus on climate change 
mitigation. 
 
Management of proceeds

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
Intern/Internal
The Issuer's treasury department will manage the proceeds from the Green Bonds on a 
portfolio basis. The Issuer has established a green finance register as internal tracking 
system and designated the Sustainable Finance Working Group to monitor and account for 
the proceeds of any Green Bond. 
The proceeds of Green Bonds will be used to refinance disbursements in Eligible Green 
Projects occurring pre-issuance of Green Bonds and/or to finance Eligible Green Projects 
happening post-issuance: 
• 
Proceeds can refinance Eligible Green Projects disbursed, delivered or acquired up 
to 36 months before the issuance of a Green Bond; 
• 
Proceeds of any Green Bond are expected to be fully allocated within a timeframe 
of 24 months after the date of any issuance on a best-effort basis. 
Pending full allocation of the proceeds to the Eligible Green Projects, the Issuer will 
temporarily hold and/or invest the balance of proceeds not yet allocated at its own 
discretion, in cash or cash equivalents, other liquid financial instruments or any other 
treasury activity in accordance with the Issuer's treasury policy. Any (prolonged) period of 
temporary placement of the proceeds of Green Bonds by the Issuer's treasury department 
would not have a negative effect on achieving the sustainable targets with respect to the 
Green Bonds. This is due to the fact that, as mentioned above, the funds received will be 
allocated to an Eligible Green Project within 24 months following the issuance of the Green 
Bond, hence the temporary use of unallocated proceeds will not affect the delivery of 
environmental objectives. 
Reporting 
The Issuer commits to issue a report annually, among others and set out in more detail in 
the Green Financing Framework, on (i) allocation of proceeds of instruments issued under 
the Green Financing Framework and (ii) expected environmental impact metrics related to 
Eligible Green Projects (the "Green Financing Report"). The allocation and the impact 
reporting sections will be provided until full allocation, and thereafter in case of material 
changes. The full Green Financing Report will be made available on the Issuer's website 
(https://www.gasunie.nl/en/organisation/investor-relations/debt-programmes).  
External review 
The Issuer has commissioned ISS ICS to conduct a second-party opinion on the Green 
Financing Framework on a best efforts basis, to confirm its alignment to the ICMA Green 
Bond Principles published in 2021, including the June 2022 Appendix, to the Green Loan 
Principles of the LMA, the LSTA and the APLMA published in 2023, to the Taxonomy 
Delegated Act (i.e., technical screening criteria (TSC), do no significant harm and minimum 
safeguards) as well as to the European Green Bond Standard Regulation. The second-
party opinion document will be made available on the Issuer's website  
An external verification on the allocation reporting section of the Green Financing Report 
will be provided by the GB Assurance Provider by way of the GB Verification Assurance 
Report, on an annual basis and until the complete allocation of proceeds, and thereafter in 
case of material changes. The GB Assurance Provider will verify the internal tracking and 
allocation of proceeds of any green financing instrument to Eligible Green Projects. The 
report may include verification of compliance with the methodology for calculating impact 
and output metrics of the impact reporting section of the Green Financing Report on a best-
effort basis. This post-issuance external verification will be published on the Issuer's 
website (https://www.gasunie.nl/en/organisation/investor-relations/debt-programmes).

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
Intern/Internal
Notice to prospective investors of ESG Bonds 
The information provided in this Prospectus in relation to the Green Financing Framework 
of the Issuer is in summarized form. The Issuer's Green Financing Framework is available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
https://www.gasunie.nl/organisatie/investor-
relations/schuldprogrammas/$14711/$14712. The Green Financing Framework, any 
relevant second party opinion, third party verification, external review reports and any other 
document related thereto, including any footnotes, links to the Issuer's website and/or 
progress and impact assessment reports are further not, nor shall they be deemed to be, 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
The Issuer's Green Financing Framework may be amended or superseded at any time 
without the consent of Noteholders. Any revisions or updates to the Green Financing 
Framework 
will 
be 
made 
available 
on 
the 
following 
webpage: 
(https://www.gasunie.nl/en/organisation/investor-relations/debt-programmes). 
However, 
the Issuer will not have any obligation to notify Noteholders of any such amendments. 
No representation or assurance is to be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer 
appointed under the Programme that the listing or the admission to trading of the Notes on 
a dedicated green or sustainable or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock 
exchange or securities market may be maintained during the life of any Green Bonds and 
that such listing and admission of the Green Bonds satisfies any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations. None of the Dealers is responsible for the monitoring or the 
verification of the use of proceeds for any Green Bonds. No representation or assurance is 
given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of any 
third party made available in connection with an issue of Green Bonds and any such opinion 
or certification is not a recommendation by any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Green 
Bonds nor is any such opinion or certification incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
For a further discussion of Green Bonds see risk factor - "In respect of any Notes issued as 
Green Bonds, such use of proceeds may not be suitable for the investment criteria of an 
investor".

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
Intern/Internal
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
1. 
General information 
1.1 
Incorporation and articles of association 
N.V. Nederlandse Gasunie was incorporated under Dutch law as a public limited company 
(naamloze vennootschap) on 6 April 1963. Gasunie is operating under Dutch law. Its 
corporate seat is in Groningen, the Netherlands. Its registered office is Concourslaan 17, 
9727 KC, Groningen, the Netherlands. Gasunie is registered in the trade register 
(Handelsregister) of the Chamber of Commerce (Kamer van Koophandel) under number 
02029700. Its telephone number is +31(0)50 5219111. Gasunie's articles of association 
were last amended by notarial deed dated 16 July 2020, before an observer of Mr. C.A. 
Voogt, civil law notary in Amsterdam, which amendments entered into force on 16 July 
2020.  
Article 2 of Gasunie's articles of association, regarding its objects, reads as follows 
(translated from the original Dutch language version): 
2.1. The objects of the company are: 
(i) 
directly or indirectly operating a gas transmission business and promoting 
good gas infrastructure and related operations such as storage, research and 
engineering, promoting safety in the use of appliances and facilities using gas 
and promoting the effect of the market in terms of energy supply in the 
broadest sense; 
(ii) 
indirectly managing the pipes and devices connected thereto for the purpose 
of the transport of gas and indirectly performing the tasks of the operator(s) 
of the aforementioned pipes and devices connected thereto (an "operator"); 
(iii) 
directly or indirectly facilitating the transport of liquefied natural gas (vloeibaar 
aardgas "LNG") and operating all required infrastructure to arrange for the 
transport of LNG; 
(iv) 
directly or indirectly operating an energy infrastructure company and to 
promote a good energy infrastructure that contributes to accelerating the 
transition to a carbon dioxide (CO2)-neutral energy supply; 
(v) 
directly or indirectly participating in or otherwise holding or taking an interest 
in other businesses with a purpose as described in this article, or a similar or 
affiliated purpose, and also financing third parties and providing surety in any 
way or committing for the obligations of third parties,  
as well as all that is in accordance with the foregoing in this article or related thereto 
in the broadest sense or may be beneficial thereto. 
2.2. The objects of the company as stated in paragraph 1 of this article and the other 
businesses indicated therein may comprise: 
(a) 
arranging for the transmission, storage and dispatch of gas; 
(b) 
installing, operating, managing and/or maintaining networks intended for the 
transmission of gas, including transnational connections; 
(c) 
providing support services, system services, metering and other services; 
(d) 
renting, providing for use or otherwise providing facilities, items and/or rights; 
(e) 
activities similar or related to these purposes as well as carrying out all other 
tasks assigned to the company by or under any legal regulation or order of a 
competent authority;

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
Intern/Internal
(f) 
engaging in activities and/or promoting the effect of the market in terms of 
energy, such as, but not limited to, operating exchanges and other trading 
and market places,  
as well as all that is in accordance with the foregoing, related thereto in the broadest 
sense or may be beneficial thereto. 
Any company belonging to the Group may not perform any acts or activities which may be 
contrary to the interests of the management of the national gas transportation grid. 
Gasunie may not furnish any security, give any price guarantee, otherwise warrant 
performance by third parties or bind itself jointly and severally or otherwise next to or on 
behalf of third parties of shares in Gasunie's share capital or of depositary receipts for these 
shares. 
1.2 
Capitalisation and Shareholder  
Gasunie is 100% State owned. The Dutch ministry of Finance represents the State's 
shareholder interest.  
As at 31 December 2023, the authorised share capital of Gasunie is EUR 756,000 
comprising of 7,560 ordinary registered shares with a par value of EUR 100 each. A total of 
1,513 ordinary registered shares have been issued, all of which are fully paid.  
State-Owned Enterprises (SOEs) are companies in which the state holds shares. In order 
to safeguard public interests, the state exerts influence on the course of those companies 
through share ownership. How the state interprets this share ownership is described in the 
State-Owned Enterprises Policy (Nota Deelnemingenbeleid Rijksoverheid 2022). The most 
recent policy is the State-Owned Enterprises Policy 2022. Pursuant to article 85a of the 
Dutch Gas Act (Gaswet), shares of the transmission system operator ("TSO": Gasunie 
Transport Services B.V.) will be in the hands of the Dutch State directly or indirectly. 
According to article 85b of the Dutch Gas Act, there is a possibility of a minority privatization 
up to 25%, by means of a cross participation with a fully unbundled TSO or the shareholder 
of a fully unbundled TSO from a neighbouring country. However, this can only be 
effectuated with the consent of the Second and First Chamber of the Dutch Parliament. At 
the moment, there are no concrete plans for such cross participation. If this occurs 
somewhere in the future, the State will no longer be Gasunie's sole shareholder, in which 
case Gasunie may no longer be subject to the mitigated dual-board regime. Under the 
regular dual-board regime, which will be applicable in that case, the members of Gasunie's 
executive board (the "Executive Board") will be appointed by Gasunie's supervisory board 
(the "Supervisory Board"), instead of the General Meeting which is currently the case. 
Please also refer to section "Description of the Issuer - 2 Corporate Governance".  
1.3 
Ratings 
As at 1 October 2024, Gasunie has a short term and long term credit rating granted by S&P 
and a short term and long term credit rating granted by Moody's.  
Long term credit ratings 
S&P: AA- 
Moody's: A2

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
Intern/Internal
Short term credit ratings 
S&P: A-1+ 
Moody's: P-1 
 
For the actual credit ratings at any time Gasunie refers to the websites of S&P 
(http://www.standardandpoors.com) and Moody's (http://www.moodys.com), respectively. 
2. 
Corporate governance  
2.1 
General 
Gasunie is a public limited company and is subject to a mitigated structure regime, see 
below. The governance structure is based on Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code (Burgerlijk 
Wetboek), the Dutch Corporate Governance Code (de Nederlandse Corporate Governance 
Code (20 December 2022), the company's articles of association and various internal 
regulations. Various provisions affecting the governance of Gasunie are also contained in 
the Gas Act. 
2.2 
Mitigated Structure Regime 
Gasunie is subject to the mitigated dual-board regime (gemitigeerd structuurregime). 
Pursuant to that regime, members of the Executive Board are appointed, suspended and 
dismissed by the General Meeting instead of by the Supervisory Board. 
Members of the Supervisory Board are appointed by the General Meeting upon a 
nomination by the Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board is required to nominate (a) 
person(s) recommended by the works council to one third of the positions in the Supervisory 
Board. The State, in its capacity as sole shareholder of Gasunie, may reject the nomination 
of the Supervisory Board, but it cannot appoint persons to the Supervisory Board that have 
not been nominated by the Supervisory Board. Accordingly, upon a rejection by the State 
of one or more of its nominated candidates for appointment, the Supervisory Board must 
prepare a new nomination.  
Certain important resolutions of the Executive Board are mandatorily subject to approval of 
the Supervisory Board, including, but not limited to, the making of significant investments 
and divestments, and the entry into and termination of important joint ventures. A detailed 
description of the resolutions that require the approval of the Supervisory Board is provided 
in Article 24.6 of the articles of association. 
In addition, certain resolutions of the Executive Board require the approval of the General 
Meeting (i.e. the State), including, but not limited to, (i) decisions regarding an important 
change in the identity or the character of Gasunie or the enterprise, which includes in any 
event, among others, (a) the transfer of the enterprise or almost the entire enterprise to a 
third party, (b) entry into or termination of any long-term cooperation with another legal party 
if such cooperation or the termination thereof is of far-reaching significance to Gasunie, (c) 
the acquisition or disposal of important participating interests with a value exceeding EUR 
50 million, or EUR 25 million for acquisitions or disposals outside of the Netherlands, and 
(d) the investment or disinvestment within the Netherlands or in Germany exceeding an 
amount of EUR 100 million to the extent required by law and regulated, or exceeding an 
amount of EUR 50 million for any other cases or regardless of the amount involved for any 
(dis)investments unrelated to the gas sector or of a fundamental nature; (ii) closing down; 
(iii) casting a vote on shares in the share capital of a subsidiary (excluding GTS) with respect 
to the foregoing matters, (iv) voting on the shares in GTS on certain matters specified in the 
articles of association, and (v) performing legal transactions other than the ones referred to

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
Intern/Internal
above with a value that exceeds EUR 100 million or a higher amount specified by the 
General Meeting, with an exception of (A) loans and (B) guarantees prescribed by law. A 
detailed description of the resolutions that require the approval of the General Meeting is 
provided in Article 24.8 of the articles of association. 
2.3 
Executive Board 
The Executive Board consists of four persons. Two members (the CEO and the CFO) are 
statutory board members and the two others (the CEO of the TSO Gasunie Transport 
Services B.V. and the director responsible for the business related to the non-TSO 
activities) are titular board members. In principle the Executive Board meets once a week. 
The Executive Board is, as far as it is legally possible given the legal fire walls between the 
TSO and the non-TSO activities, collectively responsible for the management of the 
company, as well as the general affairs of the various subsidiaries. 
2.4 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board meets at least four times a year. The Supervisory Board supervises 
the policy of the Executive Board and the general affairs of Gasunie and its business, and 
supports the Executive Board with advice. In accordance with the Gas Act and the articles 
of association, important decisions to be made by GTS as TSO are also submitted for 
approval to the Supervisory Board of Gasunie. The Supervisory Board has two sub-
committees: the audit committee (the "Audit Committee") (which supervises, in particular, 
the risk management and audit systems, the annual and semi-annual financial and 
sustainability reporting, as well as the financing of Gasunie and its pension schemes) and 
the remuneration, selection and appointments committee (the "Remuneration, Selection 
& Appointments Committee") (which main activities are advising the Supervisory Board 
on remuneration for members of the Executive Board and advising the Supervisory Board 
on (re-)appointment of members of the Executive Board). The Committees report to the 
meeting of the full Supervisory Board, on the basis of which decisions are made.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
Intern/Internal
2.5 
Compliance with the Dutch Corporate Governance Code 
The Dutch Corporate Governance Code, which formally applies only to listed companies, is 
also applied by state participations, and thus also by Gasunie. Where possible, the 
principles and best practice provisions have been implemented in Gasunie´s articles of 
association and in various regulations. Since Gasunie is not a listed company, principles 
and best practice provisions that are directly related to stock exchange listing are not 
applicable. 
Gasunie confirms compliance with best practice provision 2.7.4, which state that transactions 
in which there is a conflict of interests, carried out by members of the Executive Board or 
Supervisory Board, must be mentioned in the annual report. From 2013 up to the date of this 
Prospectus, no such transactions took place. 
Except for one Supervisory Board member, all Supervisory Board members are 
independent as referred to in the Corporate Governance Code (best practice provision 2.1.8 
Onafhankelijkheid commissarissen). Additional agreements have been made with this 
member to prevent any possible form or appearance of a conflict of interest. In the opinion 
of the Supervisory Board, the requirements for independence as referred to in the Corporate 
Governance Code have been met. 
Some other principles and best practice provisions that might be applicable to Gasunie are 
not adhered to. In accordance with the Corporate Governance guidelines, the principles 
that are not adhered to are detailed below: 
Dialogue with stakeholders  
Following the update of the Corporate Governance Code in 2022, Gasunie should draw up 
an outline policy for effective dialogue with stakeholders (best practice provision 1.1.5). 
Although Gasunie already undertakes various efforts to engage with stakeholders, a policy 
is not determined yet. The policy is currently being developed.  
Policy on diversity and inclusion 
Following the update of the Corporate Governance Code in 2022, new criteria for diversity 
and inclusion are set and certain requirements for a policy and reporting on diversity and 
inclusion have been introduced (best practice provisions 2.1.5 and 2.1.6). Such a policy has 
not been determined yet, but is currently being developed.  
Supervisory Board 
Pursuant to best practice provision 2.3.2, if the Supervisory Board consists of more than 
four members, it shall appoint from its number an audit committee, a remuneration 
committee and a selection and appointments committee. 
Because their tasks are closely related, the remuneration committee and the selection and 
appointments committee of Gasunie are combined to form a single committee. The 
remuneration, selection and appointment committee consisted of two members in 2023, 
however, it now consists of three members, of which two are to be considered independent 
within the meaning of best practice provision 2.1.8. Pursuant to best practice provision 2.3.4 
more than half of the members of the committees should be independent within the meaning 
of best practice provision 2.1.8.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
Intern/Internal
Remuneration  
Since Gasunie is 100% State owned, the remuneration policy as described in the State-
Owned Enterprises Policy 2022 (Nota Deelnemingenbeleid Rijksoverheid 2022) is applied. 
Pursuant to the State-Owned Enterprises Policy 2022, the State reviews whether updates of 
the Corporate Governance Code (such as that in 2022), give rise to tightening or changing the 
way in which the State carries out its shareholdership (including with respect to the 
renumeration policy as referred to in best practice provisions 3.1.2 and 3.4.1). At the date of 
this Base Prospectus Gasunie has not received any notice from the State. 
Other  
Due to the fact that the State is the sole shareholder of Gasunie, Gasunie is allowed to deviate 
from best practice provision 3.4.2 (publication agreements of management board member with 
the company), best practice provision 4.1.4 (publication of the notes of the agenda on the 
company's website), best practice provision 4.1.8 (attendance of members nominated for the 
Executive Board and Supervisory Board).  
3. 
Executive Board and Supervisory Board  
3.1 
Executive Board  
The current members of the Executive Board of Gasunie are: 
W.R. (Willemien) Terpstra, CEO and chair of the Executive Board 
(1970, Dutch nationality, woman) 
 
Willemien Terpstra has joined the Executive Board on 1 March 2024, taking the position of 
chair of the Executive Board and Chief Executive Officer. She has been appointed for a 
period of four years. As chair of the Executive Board, Willemien Terpstra has certain specific 
tasks and responsibilities, which are closely related to her coordinating role as CEO and 
are mentioned in article 4.2 of the rules of procedure containing the principles and best 
practices of the Executive Board. She is also responsible for Gasunie Deutschland, Safety, 
Strategy, Communication & Government Affairs and Audit. 
 
Willemien Terpstra started her career working at ARCO Chemical (predecessor and now 
part of LyondellBasell) in Rotterdam and filled numerous senior management positions in 
various business units at this internationally operating company, most recently that of 
Global Vice President Decarbonization, in which capacity she was responsible for 
sustainability measures, energy savings and the decarbonisation of the group's operations 
worldwide. Willemien Terpstra studied business administration at Nyenrode Business 
University (NL) and obtained her MBA at Emory University in Atlanta (USA) 
 
J. (Janneke) Hermes, CFO 
(1978, Dutch nationality, woman) 
 
Janneke Hermes has been Gasunie's CFO and member of the Executive Board since 1 
October 2019 with a term until 2023. Janneke Hermes has been reappointed for a second 
term on 1 October 2023. On the Executive Board, Janneke Hermes is responsible for 
financial reporting and the associated rendering of account to the Audit Committee and the 
Supervisory Board. In addition, she is responsible for: Finance & Control, Treasury, Risk 
Management, Procurement, IT and Legal Affairs. From 1 November 2023 to 1 March 2024, 
Janneke Hermes acted as interim chair of the Executive Board.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
Intern/Internal
Janneke Hermes has held various management positions at Gasunie, including that of 
Treasury Control Manager (2005-2007), manager of employment terms and conditions 
(2014-2016), and Corporate Finance Manager since 2016. Hermes studied econometrics 
at the University of Groningen and attended the New Board Program at Nyenrode Business 
Universiteit. 
 
Other positions (as of 1 October 2024): 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board, Openbaar Onderwijs Groningen 
• 
Member of the faculty supervisory board, Executive Master of Finance & Control, 
University of Groningen 
 
B.J. (Bart Jan) Hoevers 
(1971, Dutch nationality, man) 
 
Bart Jan Hoevers joined the Executive Board as a titular member on 1 September 2017 and 
was reappointed to the Board on 1 September 2021 until 2025. He is the managing director 
of Gasunie Transport Services B.V. Bart Jan Hoevers is the Executive Board member 
responsible for Asset Management, Operations and IT. 
 
Bart Jan Hoevers has been working at Gasunie since 2007, starting out as a business 
development project manager before moving on to the positions of Regulatory Affairs 
Manager and Network Development Manager. Prior to joining Gasunie, he worked at the 
Dutch Ministry of Finance, where he specialised in state shareholdings, and the Dutch 
Central Bank. Hoevers studied monetary economics at the University of Groningen. 
 
Other positions (as of 1 October 2024): 
• 
Member of Members' Council, Netbeheer Nederland 
• 
President of the European Network of Transmission System Operators for Gas 
• 
Chair of the Supervisory Board, Beheerder Afsprakenstelsel (BAS) B.V. 
 
J.A.F. (Hans) Coenen 
(1966, Dutch nationality, man) 
 
Hans Coenen joined the Executive Board as a titular member on 1 April 2023. Hans Coenen 
is responsible for the focus areas Business Development, Participations and Market. 
 
Hans Coenen has worked for Gasunie since 1990. He held various management positions 
within Gasunie in the areas of finance, commerce and business development. He was also 
a director of Gasunie Deutschland. Hans Coenen studied at the University of Wageningen 
(Engineering degree). He also obtained a master's degree (Financial Economics) at TIAS 
(Tilburg). 
 
Other positions (as of 1 October 2024): 
• 
Chair of the board of Royal Association of Gas Manufacturers in the Netherlands 
(KVGN)  
• 
Chair of the Strategic Partner Board ("shareholders") New Energy Coalition in 
Groningen  
• 
Member of the General Board of EemsdeltaGreen (dedicated to increasing the 
sustainability of activities in the Eems Delta) 
• 
Member Executive Committee International Gas Union

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
Intern/Internal
• 
Board member of the Green Gas Platform Association (PGG) 
3.2 
Supervisory Board  
The members of the Supervisory Board of Gasunie are: 
 
D.M. (Diederik) Samsom 
(1971, Dutch nationality, man) 
Date of first appointment: 1 July 2024 
First term ends in 2028 
Member of the Remuneration, Selection and Appointment Committee 
 
Other positions (as of 1 October 2024): 
• 
Member of the supervisory council of Naturalis 
• 
Columnist at de Volkskrant 
 
G.A.J. (Guido) Dubbeld 
(1971, Dutch nationality, man) 
Date of first appointment: 4 March 2024 
First term ends in 2028 
Member of the Audit Committee 
 
Other positions (as of 1 October 2024): 
• 
Board member of Stichting Tijdelijk Noodfonds Energie 
• 
Adviser to the Dutch Enterprise Chamber 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board and chair Audit Committee of Invest 
International 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board and chair Audit Committee of R.E.T. 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Elestor 
• 
Member of the advisory board of Salacia Solutions 
 
A.S. (Ate) Visser 
(1956, Dutch nationality, man) 
Date of first appointment: 6 July 2018 
Second term ends in 2026  
Member of the Audit Committee 
 
Other positions (as of 1 October 2024): 
• 
Member of the Executive Advisory Council, RLG International Inc. 
• 
Non-Executive Director, Immaterial Ltd. 
• 
Chair of the Board, Recircle Ltd. 
• 
Member of the Advisory Board, NL Space Campus 
 
C. (Carolina) Wielinga 
(1970, Dutch nationality, woman) 
Date of first appointment: 15 April 2019 
Second term ends in 2027 
Chair of the Audit Committee  
 
Other positions (as of 1 October 2024): 
• 
Chairman Supervisory Board NX Filtration

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
Intern/Internal
 
J. (Johannes) Meier 
(1963, German nationality, man) 
Date of first appointment: 1 September 2021 
First term ends in 2025 
Member of the Audit Committee 
 
Other positions (as of 1 October 2024): 
• 
Managing Director and Founder, Xi GmbH (principal position)  
• 
Non-executive Director, New Work SE  
• 
Chair Advisory Board, Stiftung Mercator  
• 
Member Advisory Board, Meridian Stiftung  
• 
Member of the Board, Unicef Germany  
 
A.L.M. (Anja) Mutsaers 
(1970, Dutch nationality, woman) 
Date of first appointment: 1 December 2021 
First term ends in 2026 
Chair of the Remuneration, Selection and Appointment Committee 
 
Other positions (as of 1 October 2024): 
• 
Practice Partner, De Brauw Blackstone Westbroek N.V. (principal position) 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board, Het Concertgebouw N.V.  
 
T.H.J.J. (Tim) van der Hagen 
(1959, Dutch nationality, man) 
Date of first appointment: 1 April 2023 
First term ends in 2027 
Member of the Remuneration, Selection and Appointment Committee 
 
Other positions (as of 1 October 2024): 
• 
Chairman of the Executive Board/Rector Magnificus TU Delft (principal position) 
• 
Board member of the Alliance of the Universities of Leiden, Delft and Rotterdam 
(LDE) and the Federation of 4 Technical Universities (4TU) 
• 
Board member of the Economic Board Zuid-Holland 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Medical Delta 
• 
Member of the Technology and Innovation Committee of VNO-NCW 
• 
Board member of Delft University Fund 
• 
Board member of the Netherlands Energy Research Alliance (NERA)  
• 
Board member Growth through Research, Development and Demonstration in 
Offshore Wind (GROW) 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board, Central Organisation for Radioactive Waste 
(COVRA) 
• 
Board member Netherlands Institute for Conservation, Art and Science (NICAS)  
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Theater De Veste, Delft 
 
The business address of each member of the Supervisory Board is the address of Gasunie's 
registered office.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
Intern/Internal
3.3 
Conflict of interest  
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to Gasunie and the private 
interests and/or other duties of members of the Executive Board and/or the Supervisory 
Board.  
3.4 
Audit Committee  
The Audit Committee is chaired by Mrs Wielinga (since 15 April 2019), with Mr Meier and 
Mr Visser as members. The Audit Committee met five times in 2023. The regular meetings 
were not only attended by the members of the Audit Committee but also by the CFO, the 
internal auditor, the external auditor and the group controller. In addition, the committee met 
with the external auditor and the internal auditor without management being present. 
4. 
Description of activities 
Gasunie is a gas transmission company. In the Netherlands and the northern part of 
Germany, Gasunie operates the infrastructure for the large-scale transport, storage and 
conversion of gas. At the moment, this is mainly natural gas, but the energy transition is 
increasingly bringing about a shift towards green gas and hydrogen. The company also 
works on the construction and operation of heat and CO₂ grids. 
Gasunie's task is to ensure safe, reliable, affordable and sustainable energy infrastructure 
services, ensuring that everyone has access to energy, always. This is of crucial importance 
to the economy and society. Gasunie's infrastructure, services and geographical position 
are at the heart of the north-western European gas market. 
Gasunie has two principal activities: 
• 
providing regulated, open-access transport services through the gas transport 
network in the Netherlands and Germany, 
• 
offering energy infrastructure services, either independently or in partnership with 
other parties. 
Gasunie is a connecting factor in the energy value chain

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
Intern/Internal
Gasunie's transport and infrastructure services connect the producers of energy to the (end) 
users of energy. Gasunie gives third parties non-discriminatory access to its services. 
Gasunie operates and develops energy infrastructure and energy trading platforms: gas 
transport networks, international transit pipelines, gas storage, gas conversion, LNG 
infrastructure and virtual gas trading platforms. Gasunie's infrastructure functions as an 
international hub for the supply and transit of gas. This enables the company to contribute 
to a liquid, competitive and reliable European energy market. 
Gasunie works to accelerate climate-neutral energy supply by developing transitional 
energy supply chains and sustainable energy supply chains. The company does so by 
striking up new partnerships and creating new business models. Gasunie invests in projects 
in the areas of green gas, hydrogen, heat and CCUS. 
The Dutch state is Gasunie's sole shareholder. The company's employees are spread over 
more than thirty locations in the Netherlands and northern Germany, with a delegation in 
Brussels. Its headquarters are in Groningen (the Netherlands), and its main German office 
is located in Hanover. 
Although Gasunie's principal markets are currently the Netherlands and Germany, activities 
and investments may be undertaken throughout Europe as long as it fits with Gasunie's 
strategic aims, it is not contrary to any sanctions and the investment is limited and generates 
an adequate return. 
For a more detailed description of these participations, see "Description of the Issuer – 7.2.3 
Participations – C. Participations" below. 
5. 
Mission, Vision and Strategy  
5.1 
General 
In 2020, Gasunie captured its strategy in an outlook for the coming ten years which Gasunie 
deems is a logical time span to use. In Gasunie's line of business, companies have to deal 
with long lead times. When building infrastructure, significant time is needed for

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
Intern/Internal
engineering, permits and legislation and regulations. As a grid owner and operator, Gasunie 
is currently about to get started on infrastructure which society is going to need five or ten 
years from now. Furthermore, 2030 is the year when the EU's interim climate targets have 
to be achieved. 
According to its strategy, by 2030, Gasunie will have transformed from a gas transmission 
company into a broad energy infrastructure company. By then, Gasunie will be storing and 
transporting natural gas, green gas, hydrogen, CO₂ and heat in a safe, reliable, affordable 
and sustainable way. The company aims to play a key role in achieving the ambitious 
climate goals set in the Netherlands, Germany and the European Union. 
In 2030, Gasunie aims to facilitate the broader energy market in the way it has always 
facilitated the natural gas market.  
According to the strategy, pipelines and ships transport ever greater volumes of foreign 
natural gas to Gasunie's core market area in 2030. Gasunie's N₂ plants are scheduled to 
convert sufficient quantities of natural gas into Groningen-quality gas. Dutch natural gas 
storage facilities are still important. 
Also in 2030, Gasunie expects that the domestic hydrogen market is destined to be up and 
running. Gasunie will operate an open-access regulated hydrogen backbone in the 
Netherlands after having repurposed its existing natural gas pipelines. This national 
hydrogen network is envisaged to be connected to similar networks in neighboring 
countries. Gasunie will offer storage capacity in hydrogen caverns. Gasunie aims to also 
run a successful hydrogen exchange by then.  
Gasunie's vision for 2030 includes large-scale energy transition projects that are in line with 
its strategy and for which the company intends to make an investment decision in the 
coming years. Gasunie expects most of these projects to immediately or gradually be made 
subject to regulation, meaning that the company will market these assets at regulated tariffs 
and on the same contract terms. For projects that are not, or not yet, subject to regulation, 
Gasunie hedges its risk by entering into long-term supply contracts with market players. 
If Gasunie actually manages to implement all its energy transition projects and the tariffs 
for its hydrogen and heat operations are likely set by the regulatory authority or authorities, 
current estimate is that roughly 75% of the company's asset portfolio would then be 
regulated and roughly 25% unregulated in 2030. This ratio is currently 85%-15%. 
In response to new insights, Gasunie adjusted its vision 2030 on several points in 2021 and 
2022. The natural gas infrastructure takes demand-side management into account and is 
aligned with the dynamic nature of green energy. Transport of CO2 and import of hydrogen 
are given a more important role and more concrete plans for this have been made. Next to 
the Dutch national hydrogen backbone, Gasunie aims to operate a hydrogen backbone in 
the north-west part of Germany (HyPerLink), as part of the envisioned German national 
hydrogen backbone Kernnetz, as well as (co-)operating a hydrogen transport infrastructure 
in the Dutch and German parts of the North Sea. Gasunie will connect third-party plants for 
electrolysis and large-scale green gas production in good time and aims to do so at the 
lowest possible cost, but it will not become a shareholder. Apart from that, Gasunie's 
ambitions have not changed: Gasunie continues to try to be a connecting factor in the 
energy transition.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
Intern/Internal
According to current estimates, Gasunie's share in its total investments under the vision 
2030 investment agenda will amount to around EUR 11.5bln (2023 cost level) of which EUR 
2.5bln is maintenance of current infrastructure, security of supply and reduction of methane 
emissions. EUR 1.1bln is foreseen for investments in LNG, and EUR 7.9bln for investments 
in the energy transition. There is a separate decision-making process for each project. The 
financing of the projects comes from various sources, such as capital market funding, 
including through the issuance of Notes, cash flows and subsidies.  
 
The war in Ukraine has led to a reprioritisation of Gasunie's project portfolio with regards to 
LNG projects in Germany and the Netherlands. Political and public pressure to reduce 
dependency on Russian gas may also lead to further changes in the strategy and project 
portfolio, whether it is to source alternative gas imports or to accelerate the development of 
the sustainable energy portfolio.  
5.2 
Mission 
Gasunie states its mission as follows: 
"Gasunie is a leading European energy infrastructure company whose core 
activities are gas transport and gas storage. We serve the public interest and 
facilitate the energy transition by providing integrated infrastructure services. We 
focus on value creation for our shareholder(s) and other stakeholders and apply 
the highest safety and business standards used in the sector." 
5.3 
Vision 
Gasunie states its vision as follows: 
"We believe in a sustainable future with a balanced energy mix and a lasting role 
for diversified gas. We believe that we serve our customers best with innovative 
gas and related infrastructure solutions." 
5.4 
Strategic Directions  
Gasunie's strategy runs along three strategic lines: 
1. Ensuring a safe, reliable, affordable and sustainable gas infrastructure in its core 
area. 
2. Contributing to an efficient gas infrastructure and services for a properly functioning 
European natural gas and LNG market. 
3. Accelerating the transition to a CO₂-neutral energy supply. 
From these strategic directions, Gasunie has extrapolated the following focus areas: 
Optimising infrastructure 
Gas transmission continues to be the basis of Gasunie's strategy. Safety, reliability and 
operational excellence, with adherence to the highest business and environmental 
standards, determine Gasunie's license to operate. Gasunie will optimise the value of its 
existing assets, taking into account its license to operate and customer need for (new) 
capacity and innovative solutions. Gasunie wants to help to shape an attractive regulatory

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
Intern/Internal
environment for gas transport and related services and reduce the environmental impact of 
its activities.  
Connecting Europe 
Gasunie wants to contribute to efficient gas infrastructure and related services that enable 
a well-functioning European gas and LNG market. In its key market area in North Western 
Europe, Gasunie aims to strengthen its leading position by selectively pursuing mergers, 
acquisitions and strategic cooperation and thereby further market integration. The 
Groningen gas field, which since the 1960s had been the central source of the Gasunie gas 
network, has closed permanently in October 2023. To accommodate this, Gasunie has 
conversion capacity to transform foreign gas into Groningen-quality gas.  
Accelerating the energy transition 
The European Union aims to be climate-neutral by 2050, which it intends to achieve through 
an energy transition. Gasunie believes that this must be possible. As an infrastructure 
operator that matches energy supply to demand, Gasunie is in a unique position to 
accelerate the energy transition. This is a responsibility it wants to take and therefore it 
undertakes several activities in hydrogen, green gas, heat and CCS in line with Gasunie's 
vision for 2030 and sustainability strategy.  
Gasunie's approach to sustainability, its role in the energy transition and how this translates 
into the four areas (hydrogen, green gas, heat and CCS) is further explained in "Description 
of the Issuer – 6. Gasunie's sustainability strategy" below. 
Foundations of the organisation 
Gasunie is a leading European gas transport company that has been serving the public 
interest since the 1960s. In doing so, the company wants to make sure the foundations of 
its organisation are in order. 
Gasunie wants to adapt its competencies to the changing energy market, by creating a 
workforce with the right proportions and skills. 
The company positions itself as an attractive employer and pursues a policy of inclusion 
and diversity. Gasunie wants to create a work environment and working conditions geared 
towards increasing focus, performance, a sense of purpose and job satisfaction, meanwhile 
ensuring adequate pay and access to a good pension plan.  
Gasunie wants to improve its governance, processes and collaboration continuously. The 
company wants to be committed to taking its Corporate Social Responsibility and 
maintaining a dialogue with its customers. Business processes are increasingly more 
digitalised. 
6. 
Gasunie's sustainability strategy 
6.1 
Gasunie's CSR strategy 
 
By making major strategic investments in new energy infrastructures over this decade, 
Gasunie aims to be able to create significant external social value. Further to that, it can help 
future-proof the world through its day-to-day business operations. This is called 'internal social 
value creation'.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
Intern/Internal
In 2020, Gasunie identified nine different areas in which it can make its day-to-day operations 
greener and more social, in line with the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals 
("SDGs"). In 2021, concrete targets (KPIs) for these nine 'Gasunie Green Deals' have been 
set, and the first results have been reported in 2022. 
All Gasunie Green Deals run until 2030. The progress of the majority of the Green Deals is 
reported on Gasunie's CSR-webpage (https://www.gasunie.nl/en/organisation/corporate-
social-responsibility). In the coming years, it will be regularly evaluated whether the Gasunie 
Green Deals and the KPIs are feasible and sufficiently ambitious. The Gasunie Green Deals 
and their KPIs are the following: 
  
Green Deal #1 - Emission-free construction site (SDG 7-9-13)  
• 
Gasunie is currently re-developing the relevant KPIs, as a result of which there 
will be no reporting on KPIs related to this Green Deal until further notice.  
 
Green Deal #2 - Circular procurement (SDG 13-8-12)  
• 
Ambition for 2025: 30% (by weight) of material resources purchased is 
demonstrably circular;   
• 
Ambition for 2030: 50% (by weight) of material resources purchased is 
demonstrably circular.  
 
Green Deal #3 - Re-deployment of assets (SDG 7-9-13)  
• 
Ambition for 2025: decision taken for the construction of 89% of the hydrogen 
backbone;   
• 
Ambition for 2030: decision taken for the construction of 100% of the hydrogen 
backbone.   
 
Green Deal #4 - Social chain (SDG 17-8-12) 
• 
Ambition for 2030: 80% of suppliers are OECD/UNGP compliant;  
 
Green Deal #5 - Inclusion and diversity (SDG 5-8)  
• 
Ambition for 2025: at least 25% of people in senior management are women; 
• 
Ambition for 2030: at least 30% of people in senior management are women;   
• 
Ambition for 2025: 56 people with poor job prospects working for Gasunie;   
• 
Ambition for 2025: 67 people with poor job prospects working for Gasunie.  
 
Green Deal #6 - Biodiversity (SDG 15)  
• 
Ambition for 2025: 70% of square meters on large sites contribute to 
biodiversity;   
• 
Ambition for 2030: 100% of square meters on large sites contribute to 
biodiversity.  
 
Green Deal #7 - Energy efficiency (SDG 7-9-13)  
• 
Ambition for 2025: 4.6% energy reduction compared to base year 2020;   
• 
Ambition for 2030: 12,5% energy reduction compared to base year 2020.  
 
Green Deal #8 - Energy procurement (SDG 7-13)  
• 
Ambition for 2025: 25% of 24/7 carbon free energy for Gasunie in the 
Netherlands; 
• 
Ambition for 2030: 60% of 24/7 carbon free energy for Gasunie in the 
Netherlands; 
• 
Ambition for 2025: 2% green gas of overall used fuel gas for Gasunie 
Deutschland; 
• 
Ambition for 2030: 5% green gas of overall used fuel gas for Gasunie 
Deutschland

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
Intern/Internal
 
Green Deal # 9 - Reducing emissions (SDG 7-9-13-17-11)  
• 
Ambition for 2030: 49% lower CH4 emissions compared to 2020;   
• 
Ambition for 2030: 30% lower CO2 emissions compared to 2020. 
6.2 
Gasunie's role in the energy transition 
 
As the Netherlands and Germany move towards a low-carbon economy, Gasunie sees many 
opportunities emerging from the energy transition. The energy that everyone uses is 
transported and supplied either in the form of electrons (electricity) or in the form of molecules 
(fuels or hot water). In a climate-neutral society, energy will consist of molecules for 40% to 
60%. Gasunie operates one of north-western Europe's densest transmission networks for 
molecules. In thirty years' time, this network will no longer transport natural gas, instead 
transporting hydrogen, green gas, heat and CO₂, without compromising on reliability and 
safety. 
 
Gasunie has over sixty years of knowledge and experience in the area of natural gas 
transmission and storage. Gasunie is harnessing this knowledge, in close collaboration with 
other parties, for the transport and storage of other molecules, i.e. hydrogen, green gas, heat 
and CO₂. Gasunie will also be able to use part of its existing infrastructure for that, especially 
since demand for gas is set to slowly decline and the need for a double gas network (for low-
calorific gas and high-calorific gas) with the current scale is reducing. 
Hydrogen 
Together with a large number of partners, Gasunie wants to develop the hydrogen market step 
by step and bring down the cost of green hydrogen. Gasunie wants to be a provider of large-
scale open access transmission, import and storage capacity for green hydrogen and 
hydrogen carriers in its core area of the Netherlands and Germany. Gasunie wants to offer 
central large-scale storage capacity for green hydrogen in the form of hydrogen caverns in 
Zuidwending in the Netherlands and Etzel in northern Germany. The realisation of 
infrastructure gives certainty to developers of hydrogen supply and demand projects that 
the connecting infrastructure will be available. 
Gasunie is starting and preparing, respectively, the construction of hydrogen backbones in the 
Netherlands and northern Germany that are connected to each other as well as to similar 
networks in neighbouring countries. Gasunie expects the transport tariffs for these hydrogen 
grids to become fully regulated, as is currently the case for our natural gas grids. 
Furthermore, Gasunie is involved in projects to develop offshore hydrogen transport 
infrastructure in the Netherlands and Germany.  
Green Gas 
Gasunie sees many opportunities for market parties to scale up green gas production. Being 
the same quality as Groningen gas and entirely carbon-neutral, green gas is a sustainable 
alternative to natural gas. In the REPowerEU plan, the European Commission has set a 
European green gas target of 35 bcm by 2030. Under the Dutch Climate Agreement, the 
Netherlands has set itself the target of producing 2 bcm of green gas annually by 2030; this 
is currently around 0.25 bcm. Gasunie sees many opportunities for market parties to scale 
up the production of green gas and wants to facilitate this by making it possible to feed 
green gas into the Gasunie network. The Dutch government has announced that, under the 
new Dutch Energy Act (Energiewet), Gasunie will be given the scope to bring new green 
gas technologies, such as supercritical water gasification, to the market. Gasunie is a 
shareholder in the SKW Alkmaar demo gasification plant, which in 2023 has started to feed 
significant amounts of green gas into the GTS grid.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
Intern/Internal
Heat 
Gasunie is constructing WarmtelinQ, an underground system of pipelines stretching out 
over 56 km to transport waste heat from the Port of Rotterdam to residential areas in the 
cities of Vlaardingen, Rijswijk, The Hague and Leiden, as well as other locations. Through 
this pipeline we will transport waste heat from the Port of Rotterdam that our customers can 
then use to heat homes, businesses and commercial greenhouses. The total capacity of 
the WarmtelinQ main heat network will be 250 Megawatts thermal (Mwth), enough to heat 
approximately 120,000 homes. This will result in a saving of around 0.18 megatonnes of 
CO2 per year. The project aimed at having the heat transmission pipeline between 
Vlaardingen and The Hague operational in 2025 and the branch to Leiden transporting heat 
in 2027 is on schedule.   
Carbon capture and storage 
There are various solutions that can prevent the concentration of CO2 in the atmosphere 
from rising further. One of the most cost effective of these in the short term involves 
capturing carbon emissions, transporting these and storing them underground: carbon 
capture and storage, or CCS. In the Netherlands, CO2 will be stored in empty gas fields 
below the North Sea bed. With CCS, rather than just having an impact over the long term, 
we can have an impact on the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere right away, and at a low 
cost to society. Together with partners, Gasunie is working on four large, concrete CCS 
projects, Porthos, Aramis, CO2next and Delta Rhine Corridor.  
 
Gasunie's strategy in the context of national targets 
The EU aims to be climate-neutral by 2050 – an economy with net-zero greenhouse gas 
emissions. This objective is at the heart of the European Green Deal and in line with the EU's 
commitment to global climate action under the Paris Agreement. EU Member States are 
required to develop national long-term strategies on how they plan to achieve the greenhouse 
gas emissions reductions needed to meet their commitments under the Paris Agreement and 
EU objectives. 
The Dutch and German governments have committed to reduce their countries' respective 
greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions by 55% and 65% by 2030 compared to 1990 levels. To 
do this, the Netherlands, Germany, and the EU will need to transition from an energy system 
that is primarily based on fossil fuels to an energy system based on renewable energy sources.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
Intern/Internal
 
With the phasing out of coal, the Dutch and German Governments and energy system 
participants have increased their focus on the importance of gas molecules for its future energy 
supply.  
By 2030, Gasunie wants to have completed its transformation from a gas transmission 
company to an energy infrastructure company, and for some time now the company has been 
expanding its activities to include heat, CO2, hydrogen and green gas. These plans are 
described in its vision 2030.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
Intern/Internal
Vision 2030 investments can ensure many megatonnes of avoided carbon emissions  
(figures in Mt/year)   
 
 
 
 
 
The visuals above show the annual tonnes of emission reduction that the vision 2030 projects 
will achieve, provided Gasunie is able to implement them on time and in full. Gasunie's 
infrastructure users will then have considerably lower carbon emissions.  
The Netherlands aims to be climate-neutral by 2050. To get there, the Netherlands must cut 
its carbon emissions every year over the coming decades: it needs to follow what is called the 
National Transition Pathway (see the yellow line in the visual below). However, as can be seen 
in the Climate and Energy Outlook published by PBL Netherlands Environmental Assessment 
Agency, the country is lagging behind on this pathway (see the dotted line). If Gasunie would 
be facilitated in implementing its vision 2030 programme completely and without delay, the 
company in turn would be able to facilitate the Netherlands in closing most of the gap between 
the Climate and Energy Outlook and the Transition Pathway. This means that, alongside 
Gasunie, many other parties must also make an extra effort to achieve the 2030 targets and 
stay on track to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050. 
Gasunie investments ensure that the Netherlands does not lose sight of the Transition 
Pathway  
(figures in Mt/year)

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
Intern/Internal
  
Other sectors must also play their part in closing the gap  
(figures in Mt/year)

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
Intern/Internal
 
 
This effect is also visible if the horizon is extended to 2050, as shown in the visual below. To 
achieve climate neutrality in 2050, the country's national carbon emissions must be steadily 
reduced (see the dashed line). If Gasunie would be facilitated in implementing its vision 2030 
programme completely and without delay, a significant part of the task still to be. 
completed between now and 2030 could be completed (the grey area would then be between 
the reference scenario and the Dutch national climate target). Users of the Gasunie 
infrastructure will then emit considerably less CO2 (see the yellow area) and can even achieve 
climate neutrality ten years earlier than the national target date by, for example, using 
additional solar and wind power, which will reduce the total carbon emissions by users of the 
Gasunie infrastructure even further.  
Gasunie infrastructure users could already be climate-neutral before the target date 
(figures in Mt/year)  
 
 
 
 
Decarbonising Gasunie's operations and infrastructure 
Gasunie needs energy to compensate for friction losses during natural gas transport, keep the 
gas grid at pressure and to blend natural gas with nitrogen. Gasunie uses natural gas and 
electricity for this purpose. Burning this natural gas and generating this electricity produces 
CO₂ emissions.  
Methane emissions are second source of CO₂ emissions. Natural gas consists primarily of 
methane. Methane is released during the starting and stopping of compressors, the operation 
of equipment with natural gas pressure, small leaks and work on the transmission grid.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
Intern/Internal
Gasunie reports its carbon emissions in accordance with the rules of the Greenhouse Gas 
Protocol. These emissions are categorised in three groups (scopes) and expressed in CO₂ 
equivalents, such that all emissions are recorded using a standardised measure.  
Through the implementation of Gasunie's Green Deals (see "Description of the Issuer – 6.1. 
Gasunie's CSR strategy"), Gasunie is stepping up its efforts to decarbonise its own operations 
and infrastructure considerably this decade, while executing its role in society's energy 
transition. 
6.3 
ESG ratings  
 
Gasunie recognises the importance of benchmarking its ESG performance against market 
standards. In this regard, Gasunie actively monitors its performance against two ESG rating 
agencies.  
With Sustainalytics' current ESG rating, Gasunie ranks 99 out of 717 utilities. The current 
ESG rating at ISS-ESG puts Gasunie in the international top 20% of operators of gas and 
electricity networks and in the top 20% in terms of transparency.  
Gasunie aims to continue improving its ESG ratings where possible acknowledging the 
continuous cycle of improvement required to remain a sustainability leader in the sector. 
6.4 
Gasunie's sustainability performance targets 
Gasunie has put in place its Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework to further align its 
financing strategy with its long-term strategic and sustainability objectives as set out in more 
detail under 5. Mission, Vision and Strategy. The issuance of Sustainability-Linked Notes 
enables Gasunie to further position its sustainability strategy and decarbonisation 
commitments with its wider debt investor base. 
The Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework is aligned with the ICMA Sustainability-Linked 
Bond Principles ("SLBPs") (June 2020). The SLBPs are a set of voluntary guidelines that 
outline best practices for financial instruments to incorporate forward-looking ESG 
outcomes and promote integrity in the development of the Sustainability-Linked Bond 
market by clarifying the approach for issuance of Sustainability-Linked Bonds. Any future 
changes in the standards mentioned above may be implemented in future versions of the 
Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework.  
The Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework follows the structure of the SLBPs and includes 
the following sections: 
 
1. Selection of Key Performance Indicators ("KPIs"); 
2. Calibration of Sustainability Performance Targets ("SPTs"); 
3. Bond characteristics; 
4. Reporting; and 
5. Verification. 
The Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework will apply to any Sustainability-Linked Notes 
issued by Gasunie and will be in force as long as any Sustainability-Linked Note is 
outstanding. For the avoidance of doubt, the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework has not 
been and will not be incorporated by reference in and, therefore, does not and will not form 
part of this Prospectus. 
Selection of KPIs

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
Intern/Internal
Gasunie has selected methane emissions and scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions 
as KPIs for potential inclusion in Sustainability-Linked Notes. The KPIs are core, relevant, 
and material to Gasunie's business- and sustainability strategy. Additionally, the selection 
of the KPIs is consistent with Gasunie's long-term strategic commitment to continuously 
improve the safety, reliability and sustainability of its operations towards a fully CO2 neutral 
energy infrastructure by 2050. The selected KPI's focus on the direct operational footprint 
of Gasunie's infrastructure.  
KPI 1: Reduction of methane emissions 
- 
Scope: total gross methane emissions for Gasunie, comprising the methane 
emissions of all operated entities: Gasunie Transport Services B.V., Gasunie 
Deutschland GmbH & Co. KG, BBL Company V.O.F., EnergyStock B.V. and 
Hynetwork Services B.V. (the "Operated Entities"). 
- 
Methodology: total gross methane emissions for all Operated Entities of Gasunie, 
measured by an absolute figure of methane emissions in kilotons of CO2 equivalents. 
- 
Sustainability Performance Target: methane emissions of maximum 70 kilotons of 
CO2 equivalents for full calendar year 2030. 
KPI 2: Reduction of scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions 
- 
Scope: total scope 1 and 2 emissions (market based) for Gasunie, comprising the 
emissions of all Operated Entities. 
- 
Methodology: total scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions (market based) for all 
Operated Entities, measured by an absolute figure of emissions in kilotons of CO2 
equivalents. This figure is calculated as the sum of gross scope 1 and market based 
scope 2 emissions. In calculating the market based scope 2 emissions, a zero CO2 
equivalent emission factor is applied to the electricity use of Gasunie that is covered 
by Guarantees of Origin or other contractual instruments. 
- 
Sustainability Performance Target: Gasunie's total scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse 
gas emissions (market based) in kilotons of CO2 equivalents for the full calendar 
year 2030 will not exceed the value derived via the following formula: 
 
70 + (0.137 * transported gas volume in TWh) 
In this formula, the fixed figure of 70 is related to the maximum level of methane 
(CH4) emissions in kilotons of CO2 equivalents. The 0.137 value is related to carbon 
intensity of other scope 1 and 2 emissions (market based) per TWh of natural gas 
transported. 
Calibration 
The specific Sustainability Performance Target(s) and related observation date(s) for a 
given Sustainability-Linked Note will be determined in line with the envisioned trajectory of 
Gasunie towards its long-term commitment to achieve a fully CO2 neutral energy 
infrastructure by 2050. As the Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi) methodology for 
companies in the oil & gas sector is currently under development, the targets included in 
the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework cannot be benchmarked against the science-
based decarbonization pathways of the SBTi. However, Gasunie is committed to 
benchmark and reconsider the Sustainability Performance Targets once the SBTi 
methodology for the Oil & Gas sector becomes available. The applicable KPI(s),

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
Intern/Internal
Sustainability Performance Target(s) and related observation date(s) for a given 
Sustainability-Linked Bond will be specified in the relevant documentation of the specific 
transaction (e.g. Final Terms). 
Reporting 
Gasunie will communicate annually on the relevant KPIs and SPTs, including disclosure on 
up-to-date information such as baselines where relevant, on its website and/or annual 
report, as applicable. Gasunie's annual report will report on the performance of the selected 
KPIs (KPIs value as of 31st of December of the reporting year), including baselines and 
historical trajectory where relevant, covered by an assurance report of the statutory auditor. 
Additional to annual reporting, Gasunie will make available on its website (i) following the 
observation date of any of the Sustainability Performance Targets, a SLB Verification 
Assurance Report confirming the KPIs performance relative to the SPTs and (ii) following 
the issue of Green Bonds, a GB Verification Assurance Report on the internal tracking and 
allocation of proceeds of any Green Bonds to Eligible Green Projects in the allocation 
reporting section of the Green Financing Report (as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" 
section). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this report has not been and will not be incorporated by 
reference in and, therefore, does not and will not form part of this Prospectus. 
7. 
Group structure and description of business units  
7.1 
Structure of the Group 
 
The Group consists of three business units, which are described below. Gasunie's direct 
and indirect participations and other equity interests as of 30 June 2024 are as follows:  
 
List of participations & other equity interests 
 
Company 
Registered office 
Interest as at 
 
 
30 June 2024 
Subsidiaries 
 
 
Gasunie BBL B.V. 
Groningen 
100% 
GUFU BBL B.V. 
Groningen 
75% 
Gridwise Engineering & Services B.V. 
Groningen 
100% 
Gasunie New Energy B.V. 
Groningen 
100% 
Gasunie Waterstof Holding B.V. 
Groningen 
100% 
Hynetwork Services B.V. 
Groningen 
100% 
HyStock B.V. 
Groningen 
100% 
Gasunie Certification Holding B.V. 
Groningen 
100% 
Gasunie LNG Holding B.V. 
Groningen 
100% 
Gasunie Transport Services B.V. 
Groningen 
100% 
Gasunie Energy Information Services B.V 
Groningen 
100% 
EnergyStock B.V. 
Groningen 
100% 
Gastransport Noord-West Europa Holding B.V. 
Groningen 
100% 
Gastransport Noord-West Europa B.V.  
Groningen 
100% 
Gastransport Noord-West Europa Services 1 B.V. 
Groningen 
100% 
Gastransport Noord-West Europa Services 2 B.V. 
Groningen 
100% 
Gastransport Noord-West Europa Services 3 B.V. 
Groningen 
100%

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
Intern/Internal
Gastransport Noord-West Europa Services 4 B.V. 
Groningen 
100% 
Gasunie Deutschland GmbH & Co. KG 
Hanover, Germany 
100% 
Gasunie Deutschland Verwaltungs GmbH 
Hanover, Germany 
100% 
Gasunie Deutschland Transport Services Holding GmbH 
Hanover, Germany 
100% 
Gasunie Deutschland Transport Services GmbH 
Hanover, Germany 
100% 
Gasunie Energy Development GmbH 
Hanover, Germany 
100% 
Gasunie Energy Solutions GmbH I 
Hanover, Germany 
100% 
Gasunie Energy Solutions GmbH II 
Hanover, Germany 
100% 
Gasunie Infrastruktur AG 
Zug, Switzerland 
100% 
Gasunie Warmte Holding B.V. 
Groningen 
100% 
WarmtelinQ Transport Services B.V. 
Groningen 
100% 
Gasunie CC(U)S Holding B.V. 
Groningen 
100% 
Gasunie Rotterdam CC(U)S B.V. 
Groningen 
100% 
GroRoCo LP B.V. 
Groningen 
100% 
GroRoCo Land LP B.V. 
Groningen 
100% 
GroRoCo Zee LP B.V. 
Groningen 
100% 
Maasvlakte Storage B.V. 
Groningen 
100% 
Gasunie Assets B.V. 
Groningen 
100% 
 
 
 
Joint operations  
 
 
BBL Company V.O.F. 
Groningen 
75.0% 
 
 
 
Joint ventures 
 
 
Demonstratie Faciliteit Super Kritische Water Vergassing 
(SKW) Alkmaar B.V. 
Alkmaar 
32.0% 
EemsGas Asset Company B.V. 
Amsterdam 
50.0% 
DEUDAN – Deutsch/Dänische Erdgastransport GmbH 
Handewitt, Germany 
75.0% 
DEUDAN – Deutsch/Dänische Erdgastransport GmbH & 
Co. KG 
Handewitt, Germany 
33.4% 
EemsEnergy Terminal B.V. 
Groningen 
50.0% 
Gate terminal C.V. 
Rotterdam 
50.0% 
Gate terminal Management B.V. 
Rotterdam 
50.0% 
German LNG Terminal GmbH 
Hamburg, Germany 
40.0% 
National Energy Information Services B.V. 
Groningen 
50.0% 
NETRA GmbH Norddeutsche Erdgas Transversale 
Emstek/Schneiderkr
ug, Germany 
50.0% 
NETRA GmbH Norddeutsche Erdgas Transversale & Co. 
KG 
Emstek/Schneiderkr
ug, Germany 
44.1% 
Porthos System Operator B.V. 
Rotterdam 
50.0% 
Porthos Offshore Transport and Storage GP B.V. 
Rotterdam 
50.0% 
Porthos CO2 Transport and Storage GP B.V. 
Rotterdam 
33.3% 
Porthos Onshore Transport GP B.V. 
Rotterdam 
50.0% 
Porthos Offshore Transport C.V. 
Rotterdam 
50.0% 
Porthos CO2 Transport and Storage C.V. 
Rotterdam 
33.3% 
Porthos Onshore Transport C.V. 
Rotterdam 
50.0% 
VertiCer B.V. 
Arnhem 
50.0%

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
Intern/Internal
 
Associates 
 
 
Beheer Afsprakenstelsel B.V. 
Amersfoort 
25.0% 
Trading Hub Europe GmbH 
Ratingen, Germany 
9.1% 
 
 
 
Other participating interests 
 
 
Energie Data Services Nederland (EDSN) B.V. 
Arnhem 
12.5% 
Nord Stream AG 
Zug, Switzerland 
9.0% 
PRISMA European Capacity Platform GmbH 
Leipzig, Germany 
12.8% 
SCW Systems B.V. 
Schoorl 
4.2% 
 
7.2 
Description of Gasunie's three business units 
Gasunie has three business units, two of which are large, regulated subsidiaries that 
operate a gas transport network. Gasunie Transport Services (GTS) and Gasunie 
Deutschland (GUD) manage the high-pressure gas transmission systems in the 
Netherlands and north-western Germany, respectively. Regulatory authorities ACM (in the 
Netherlands) and BNetzA (in Germany) set our permitted revenues and, by extension, the 
tariffs every year.  
 
GTS and GUD sell the available capacity on their networks to market parties. Customers 
feed gas into the network at entry points and take gas off from the network at exit points. 
To arrange this, they sign contracts to reserve capacity at specific network entry or exit 
points over a specific period (year, quarter, month or day).  
 
Gasunie's third business unit, Participations and Business Development, holds 
participating interests in companies that offer energy infrastructure and related services 
that are (for the time being) either only partly subject to regulation or entirely exempt. 
Customers buy capacity, which entitles them to use the relevant infrastructure during a 
certain period. The tariffs for these services are non-discriminatory and mainly determined 
by supply and demand. The operations of the companies in which we hold participating 
interests support the functioning and liquidity of the energy market in the Netherlands and 
Germany.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
Intern/Internal
Our gas TSOs and our major participating interests 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7.2.1 GTS  
A. General  
The business unit GTS covers the Dutch regulated gas transport services of Gasunie.  
GTS, the Dutch TSO, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Gasunie and operates as a separate 
company in line with the requirements of the Gas Act and Directive 2009/73/EC. GTS 
provides regulated transport services in a transparent and non-discriminatory manner to 
ensure the proper functioning of the Dutch gas market. GTS is responsible for the operation, 
maintenance and development of the Dutch national gas transmission grid in an 
economically responsible and sustainable manner. The Dutch national gas transmission 
grid consists of the main gas transmission system ("HTL-system") and the regional high 
pressure gas transmission system ("RTL-system"). GTS is required to, inter alia, provide 
sufficient transport capacity to the Dutch market, to balance the Dutch gas network and to

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
Intern/Internal
connect the network to other networks. In accordance with the Gas Act, GTS provides non-
discriminatory access to the network services and has certain public service obligations, 
such as emergency supplies and peak supplies. The total GTS network (HTL + RTL) is 
approximately 12,600 km long. 
B. Gas transport 
Transport 
In 2023, GTS transmitted 701 TWh (65.2 bcm) of gas. The high filling level of both Dutch 
and German gas storage facilities at the start of the summer was one of the reasons for the 
decrease in transport volume compared to 2022 figures of 784 TWh (73.5 bcm). 
Additionally, the relatively warm winter and demand reduction due to higher prices also 
played a role. Furthermore, the steadily decreasing local (Groningen) gas production 
contributed to the lower transport volume. 
Storage facilities fill level 
To prepare the Netherlands as best as possible for the winter period and to become less 
dependent on Russian gas, it is important that the market parties fill the storage facilities at 
a sufficient level. The market parties filled the storage facilities more than usual last year. 
The maximum filling level of the Dutch storage facilities was almost 91% at the end of 
September 2024. At the end of 2023, the filling level was 82%, while it was 77% at the end 
of 2022. 
Quality conversion 
Despite further reduction of production from the Groningen (G) gas field, GTS needed to 
convert less high-calorific gas ("H-gas") to G-gas. Due to the lower demand for G-gas 
because of high temperatures and high gas prices the amount of converted H-gas 
decreased by 17%, from 324 TWh (28.7 billion m³) in 2022 to 269 TWh (23.9 billion m³) in 
2023. The corresponding amount of nitrogen used decreased from 3.36 billion m³ to 2.84 
billion m³.  
(No) Licences withdrawn 
In 2023, ACM withdrew no licences from suppliers and therefore GTS was not required to 
act upon such withdrawal (by guaranteeing payment for the purchase of gas by, or to make 
gas available to licensed suppliers to supply small consumers). 
High transport security 
In 2023, GTS provided a high level of transport security for its customers. One transport 
interruption took place at an interconnection point with a German customer. Through timely 
communication with the customer, the transport interruption did not lead to problems.  
Title Transfer Facility ("TTF") (gas trading platform in the Netherlands) 
Gas traders buy and sell high volumes of gas in the Netherlands every year. Almost all gas 
trading nowadays takes place on the gas trading platform TTF and more gas was traded on 
the TTF in 2023 than in 2022.  
Gas trading on the TTF has two main routes: over-the-counter (OTC; where gas is 
purchased directly from a counterparty) or via a gas exchange (where the exchange is the 
central counterparty for all traders). In 2023 OTC trading increased by 19%: from 11,511

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
Intern/Internal
TWh (in 2022) to 13,718 TWh. The TTF portion traded via gas exchanges rose much 
stronger on an annual basis (49%) from 26,845 TWh (in 2022) to 40,076 TWh in 2023. 
TTF's lead over the other European gas trading platforms has grown slightly. By 2023, 
approximately 80% of European gas trading took place on the TTF. C. Business model GTS 
When offering its services as prescribed by the European and Dutch laws and regulation, 
GTS focuses on selling the available capacity in a reliable and efficient network against 
non-discriminatory conditions. Customers enter into contracts by booking capacity at certain 
entry and/or exit points in the network for a certain period of time (ranging from one day to 
several years). Customers pay a tariff for the capacity booked and this capacity tariff entitles 
customers to feed gas into the network at entry points and retrieve gas at exit points for the 
contracted period. Customers can trade gas amongst themselves at the TTF.  
A liquid and competitive commodity market is important to GTS, because it makes the GTS 
network more attractive to its customers. The GTS network forms part of the European gas 
network, which consists of multiple interconnected networks, which are owned and operated 
by different TSOs. GTS competes with other TSOs with regard to the transport of 
international gas flows. 
Regulated allowed revenue and tariffs  
The revenues that GTS earns via its tariffs are regulated. The determination of the allowed 
revenues follows from a method decision and an X-factor decision taken by the Dutch 
regulator ACM. The tariffs are determined in accordance with the European (NC TAR) and 
Dutch legislation (Gas Act and the Dutch Tariff Code). The current system of revenue 
regulation is maintained in the method decision for 2022-2026. In a revenue-cap system 
the tariffs are calculated by dividing the allowed revenues by the estimated capacity 
bookings. If the actual capacity bookings turn out to be different from the estimated capacity 
bookings, actual revenues will deviate from allowed revenues. The difference will be settled 
through an adjustment in the tariffs in later years (t+2). The allowed revenues are based on 
'ex ante efficient cost regulation': The allowed revenues for GTS are determined at the level 
of its efficiently incurred capital and operational costs, including a return (the regulatory 
WACC) that is set by the ACM. The allowed capital costs are derived from the 'regulated 
asset base' ("RAB"), while the allowed operational costs consist mainly of costs for 
planning, metering and billing, management and maintenance, and energy costs. 
Investments and return 
The design and use of the network determine the total available capacity. GTS is legally 
required to efficiently invest in sufficient transport capacity in order to be able to satisfy total 
market demand. New investments (which have to be described in the Investment Plan, 
which is assessed by the ACM and the Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate) are added 
to GTS' cost base, and – to the extent they are deemed to be efficient by the ACM – 
contribute to the allowed revenues as of the year after becoming operational. 
D. Regulatory framework and recent and future regulatory developments 
Method decision regulatory period 2022-2026 – parameters 
On 1 February 2021, ACM published its (initial) 2022-2026 method decision. GTS as well 
as certain market parties have submitted grounds of appeal to the CBb on this (initial) 
Method Decision 2022-2026. GTS' grounds for appeal concerned three elements of the 
methodology decision, i.e., (i) the benchmark, (ii) the energy costs and (iii) the WACC. The 
CBb ruled in favour of GTS, meaning that:

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
Intern/Internal
i. 
due to a lack of robustness of the benchmarking study used by the ACM, the static 
efficiency for GTS has to be set at 100% in the period 2022-2026 allowing GTS to 
recover all of the capital costs without an efficiency cut-off; 
ii. 
the ACM needed to take a new decision on the reimbursement of energy costs of 
GTS (based on the proposal of GTS, which is full reimbursement but with 5% bonus 
malus); 
iii. 
in the WACC calculation, a risk-free rate of at least 0.5% should be assumed from 
now on. Furthermore, for this period the risk-free rate must be based on 20-year 
government bonds instead of 10-year bonds. 
In addition, the CBb also ruled in favour of GTS following the main grounds of appeal of 
market parties: regarding so-called 'stranded assets', degressive depreciation and the 
switch from real to nominal WACC. All these grounds of appeal failed.  
As a result of the ruling, the ACM published a revised method decision 2022-2026 on 21 
December 2023 leading to a significant positive financial effect for GTS. The main 
parameters defining the method of regulation for 2022-2026 are: 
• 
Consumer price index: the tariffs may be indexed annually on the basis of inflation, in 
line with the consumer price index. 
• 
The WACC: the ACM makes a distinction between a WACC for existing assets and a 
WACC for new assets. The allowed nominal pre-tax WACC for existing assets was set 
at 3.4% in 2022, 3.3% in 2023 and at 3.8% for 2024-2026. For new assets the WACC 
was set at 3.2% for 2022-2023 and at 3.8% for 2024-2026. The WACC is based on a 
50/50 equity to debt ratio. In contrast to the previous method decision, changes between 
expected and actual risk-free rates are settled retroactively. This resulted in an actual 
allowed WACC of 4.1% in 2022 and 5.1% in 2023, which will be reflected in the tariffs 
for 2024 and 2025. 
• 
The productivity improvement: for the years 2022–2026, this productivity improvement 
(or frontier shift), which needs to be realised on the total operational and new capital 
costs, has been set at 0.4% per year. 
• 
Efficiency parameter: for this regulation period, the ACM set the static efficiency 
parameter at 100%.  
Retroactive settlement  
The variable costs that GTS incurs by transporting gas through its network, as nominated 
by its customers (within their booked capacity contracts), mainly consist of energy costs, 
i.e., gas and electricity for compressors to transport the gas, and electricity for producing 
nitrogen to blend the gas to the right quality. 
In a year with an unusually cold winter, it can happen that the revenues of GTS do not 
actually increase significantly, because customers have already booked their winter 
capacity. However, the actual energy costs of transporting larger volumes of gas in a cold 
winter do increase, leading to a lower operating result. Conversely, an unusually mild winter 
leads to lower energy costs and a higher operating result. 
In contrast to previous method decisions, and in accordance with the court ruling of the 
CBb, GTS can recover all the costs of energy via its tariffs, taking into consideration a 
bonus/malus methodology of 5%.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
Intern/Internal
Tariff structure and decision  
The Network Code on Rules regarding Harmonised Transmission Tariff Structures for Gas 
("NC TAR") entered into force on 6 April 2017. This code aims to ensure a stable, 
transparent and cost reflective transmission tariff structure that prevents cross subsidies 
between network users and that leads to efficient investments. Based on NC TAR, the 
allowed revenue of GTS will be allocated to the net users using a tariff structure. In other 
words, whereas the Method Decision determines for GTS the size of the cake (i.e. the 
allowed revenues in a regulatory period), through the NC TAR decision it is determined how 
the cake is divided (i.e. which group of net users pay which part, whereas group of net users 
are e.g. producers, LNG terminals, gas storages and industries. 
Pursuant the NC TAR regulation, the ACM must consult market parties at least every five 
years about the decisions to be taken resulting from the NC-TAR regulation. The ACM 
consulted GTS and market parties, leading to an agreement on allocating GTS allowed 
revenue to net users for 2025-2029 Part of the agreement is that a lower inflation estimate 
for the years 2022 and 2023 is applied. In addition to this, parties also agreed that the 
representative organisations, who had filed appeals against the GTS 2022 and 2023 tariff 
decisions, will withdraw these appeals. Moreover, future appeals on the topics, which were 
included in the withdrawn appeals, are excluded. For pending legal cases we refer to the 
Litigation section. 
The ACM published the GTS tariff decision for 2025 on 24 May 2024. Tariffs for 2025 
increased by 52% on average compared to, the relatively low tariffs of, 2024. The increase 
is mainly due to higher revenues because of the court ruling and hence a revised method 
decision 2022-2026, and by a decrease in the expected gas transmission capacity to be 
sold. 
Investment plan for GTS  
In compliance with the Gas act, GTS is periodically obliged to write an investment plan (IP). 
With an IP, GTS offers an overview including substantiation of both short- and long-term 
investments. In April 2024, GTS adopted its 2024 IP that is formally assessed and approved 
by the regulatory authorities (ACM and Minister for Economic Affairs and Climate Policy).  
The 2024 IP describes developments in the energy market and provides an analysis in the 
form of scenarios through to 2033. The plan includes a network bottleneck analysis and 
describes the required investments in the transmission network, including those mandated 
by law such as the methane emission regulation. In the decade ahead, GTS will be facing 
numerous developments that GTS will have to consider in operating and maintaining its 
grid. It is not only to keep the infrastructure in good condition, GTS also works to ensure a 
well-functioning gas market and guarantee transport security. The energy transition is also 
having considerable impact on the long-term utilisation of the network. On the one hand, 
GTS is looking for ways to keep the infrastructure working perfectly while keeping costs 
down, while on the other GTS is forward-looking in exploring ways in which the network can 
contribute to accelerating the energy transition.  
Gasunie has formulated targets for reducing emissions that will help to achieve the Dutch 
climate targets. GTS' network can also play a key role in realising those targets, such as by 
using the pipelines to transport hydrogen and green gas. As also decreed in the Climate 
Agreement adopted by Dutch parliament, supply volumes of these renewable molecules 
must grow significantly by 2030 and 2050 and nationwide infrastructure must be developed 
to interconnect the supply side and the demand side. GTS' assets can be the foundation on 
which this infrastructure is built.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
Intern/Internal
(Future) regulatory developments can have a material adverse effect on Gasunie's business 
prospective, cash flows, and operating results. Please refer to Impact of regulatory and 
legislative risks on page 13 of this prospectus. 
E. Relevant Development: Phasing out Groningen Gas 
Gas year 2022-2023 was the last gas year with structural production from the Groningen 
field. As of 1 October 2023, the production stopped and the gas extraction from the field 
ended entirely. It was only allowed to reopen in exceptional situations, such as disruptions 
in the gas system, technical failures, failure of a low-calorific gas storage or very cold 
conditions. As of April 2024, the production from the Groningen field has definitely ceased. 
To facilitate the completion and closure of the Groningen field, GTS is actively involved in 
a number of measures to ensure that the demand for Groningen gas is reduced and to 
ensure the supply of so-called pseudo G-gas is increased. An example of this is the 
construction of the nitrogen installation at Zuidbroek, allowing more pseudo G-gas to be 
produced. GTS also advises the Minister of Economic Affairs and Climate on safeguarding 
the security of supply. 
 
F. Other Relevant Developments 
Results of the energy transition 
The energy transition is a major challenge facing society today. Although natural gas 
remains an important source of energy within the energy transition over the next decades, 
GTS also focusses, within the legal framework, on green gas and hydrogen. With its 
knowledge and infrastructure, GTS seeks to play its part in implementing and accelerating 
the energy transition. GTS works together with other parties and aims to develop successful 
and innovative solutions that are suitable, but also affordable and reliable. This is a long-
term measure that GTS will take up to 2050. 
New Energy Act  
The current Gas Act (Gaswet) and Electricity Act (Elektriciteitswet 1998) will be converted 
into one integrated Energy Act (Energiewet). The legislative proposal mainly aims to 
implement European legislation (the 'Clean Energy Package', in particular Directive (EU) 
2019/944 and Regulation (EU) 2019/943)), and contains changes resulting from the gas 
and electricity agreements in the Climate Agreement, as well as certain new national 
policies. The Energy Act is not expected to enter into force until 2025.  
 
G. Participations of GTS  
GTS holds 12.5% plus 1 share of the shares in the capital of Energie Data Services 
Nederland B.V. ("EDSN"). EDSN is a Dutch company incorporated in July 2007. EDSN is 
the platform for administrative connections between the various different market parties 
within the energy sector. EDSN supports the data traffic between parties in the energy 
market. A great deal of administrative information needs to be exchanged between parties 
in the energy sector when changing a supplier, when moving home and when amending 
customer data. This involves approximately 14 million gas and electricity customers. 
Processes are regularly adjusted and improved. EDSN streamlines and guarantees the 
quality of these processes between the energy companies. It is tasked with continuing to 
standardise and centralise the processes within the energy market.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
Intern/Internal
GTS holds a 11.05% share of the shares in PRISMA European Capacity Platform GmbH 
("PRISMA"). PRISMA is the central and only platform to book entry- and exit-capacity on 
the primary and secondary market. Yearly, quarterly, monthly, daily and within day 
capacities are booked either within an auction at cross-border or cross-market-area, and in 
Germany storage connection points or first-come-first-serve at the remaining points. It is an 
European platform for trading transport capacity. GTS offers some of its transport capacity 
on this platform. PRISMA also built the aggregate EU Energy Platform. This platform was 
initiated in April 2022 following the mandate of the European Council in response to the 
need to diversify away from Russian gas. It covers a range of actions regarding natural gas 
and LNG (and in the future hydrogen) to support the EU's security of supply and access to 
affordable energy, including international outreach, demand aggregation, and efficient use 
of EU gas infrastructures. The present interest of GTS in the share capital is 11.05%. 
Additionally, GUD holds 1.33% and BBL Company V.O.F. holds 0.58%. Other shareholders 
include several other European TSOs. 
 
GTS holds 25% share of the shares in the capital of Beheerder Afsprakenstelsel (BAS) B.V. 
("BAS"). BAS is a Dutch company incorporated in December 2021. BAS is responsible for 
the full implementation of decisions taken within the Marktfaciliteringsforum ("MFF"). This 
concerns coordination, facilitation and financing. The MFF is an association that has been 
set up to allow various parties (with interests in the energy sector) to enter into consultations 
in order to reach joint market agreements that lead to an effective, efficient and reliable 
electronic exchange of energy data and compliancy according to new European Energy 
Directives. 
7.2.2 GUD  
A. General 
In 2008, Gasunie acquired the former gas transport division of BEB Erdgas and Erdöl GmbH 
leading to the creation of GUD.  
GUD is a TSO in the north of Germany. The GUD network is connected to the GTS 
transmission system in the Netherlands. Furthermore, the network of GUD connects 
international natural gas pipelines from Denmark, Norway and Russia. It consists of 10 
compressor stations with 31 compressor units strategically positioned along the network 
providing flexibility to maintain booked capacities under varying flow and pressure 
conditions. The network is connected to 7 storage facilities (not owned by Gasunie). The 
network is around 4640 km long. 
B. Gas Transport 2023 
GUD transported 272 TWh (27.9 bcm) through its network in 2023; down 16% from the 324 
TWh (33.2 bcm) volume of 2022. Due to the decline in gas flows from Russia, GUD's 
network's location in north-west Germany gave it a crucial role in transporting replacement 
gas flows from Norway and the Netherlands. 
C. GUD's business model 
The business model of GUD is largely identical to that of GTS. The main differences 
between the Dutch and the German regulation models are as follows:  
The permitted return on capital consists of the actual interest costs and a competitive return 
on equity, up to a maximum share of 40% of equity in the total capital. For the 2023-2027 
regulatory period a maximum real pre-tax return on equity of 3.51% on old assets is

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
Intern/Internal
applicable whereas a maximum of 5.07% nominal pre-tax return on equity will be used for 
new assets.  
For each regulation period, BNetzA carries out an individual efficiency benchmark on the 
total costs of a network company. For all previous regulation periods including the last 
period 2023–2027, GUD has received an assessment rating of '100% efficient'. A new 
efficiency benchmark process is expected to begin in 2026, for the 5th regulatory period 
2028-2032. The final outcome is expected in 2028. 
D. Current regulation and tariff model 
Incentive regulation  
As of 1 January 2010, the incentive regulation (Anreizregulierung) has become applicable 
for GUD. The incentive regulation stimulates TSOs to become more efficient by setting a 
revenue cap based on the costs made in the previous base year, the so-called 'photo year'. 
The transport tariffs are calculated based on that revenue cap. For the determination of the 
revenue cap as the basis for the tariff calculation, BNetzA applies a cost-plus approach 
combined with an efficiency benchmark.  
The revenue cap will be reduced on a recurring basis due to individual and general 
efficiency targets. General efficiency targets represent the (required) difference of efficiency 
progress between the business area and overall economy. For the regulatory period 2023 
– 2027 the general efficiency factor is not yet determined (for the last regulatory period 
2018-2022 it was 0.49%). We expect the final value to be set in the third quarter of 2024. 
The individual efficiency target is based on the efficiency of the individual TSO determined 
by a national benchmark procedure which takes into account all supra-regional TSOs in 
Germany. The range of the individual efficiency has to be between 60% and 100%. 
Inefficiencies have to be resolved via the revenue cap within one regulatory period. General 
efficiency factor as well as individual efficiency for the upcoming regulatory period 2028-
2032 will be evaluated by BNetzA in 2026/2027. The outcome is expected in 2028. 
The total return of TSOs consists of an equity yield rate. This equity yield rate is fixed and 
will be adjusted prior to each regulatory period, i.e., every 5 years, by BNetzA. For the 2023-
2027 regulatory period a maximum real pre-tax return on equity of 3.51% on old assets is 
applicable whereas a maximum of 5.07% nominal pre-tax return on equity will be used for 
new assets. Furthermore, the equity yield rate is only applicable for an equity share limited 
to a maximum of 40% of the regulated asset base. 
As a result of the desire of the German Federal Ministry of Economic Affairs to harmonize 
the regulation of the TSOs with the regulation of the regional distribution companies and to 
simplify the legislation as well as to create incentives to accelerate the development of the 
German network, a change in the regulatory framework has been recently implemented (as 
of 2023). This change means amongst others that the system of annual comparison of the 
cost of capital became applicable and replaced the current regime of investment measures. 
Tariff calculation according to NC TAR  
The network code on harmonised transmission tariff structures for gas (named NC TAR, 
(EU) 2017/460) includes rules on the application of a reference price methodology, the 
associated consultation and publication requirements as well as the calculation of reserve 
prices for standard capacity products. BNetzA implemented a postage stamp methodology 
(named REGENT) which is applied collectively to all TSOs of the respective market area in 
2020 (one tariff for all entry and exit points in the market area). In order to compensate 
TSOs with higher or lower individual tariffs compared to the uniform market area tariff,

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
Intern/Internal
BNetzA proposed a corresponding compensation mechanism between the TSOs (AMELIE) 
which was also entered into force in 2020. At the end of March 2019, BNetzA published the 
final decisions on the RPM and the ITC applicable as of 2020. No changes to this method 
are foreseen for the upcoming year. 
 
E. Recent & Future regulatory developments  
In Germany a new regulatory period started in 2023. Before the start of this new regulatory 
period, the parameters of the relevant regulatory period, and thereby the applicable revenue 
cap for GUD, were reset by BNetzA. After respective consultations BNetzA set the ROE 
(return on equity) for the 4th regulatory period 2023-2027 at a maximum real pre-tax return 
on equity of 3.51% on old assets, whereas a maximum 5.07% nominal pre-tax return on 
equity will be used for new assets.  
In order to create an additional incentive for new investments for a limited period of time 
(2024-2027) against the background of various expansion measures to ensure security of 
supply in Germany (e.g. the connection of LNG terminals), the BNetzA introduced an annual 
floating capital interest which allows for a risk surcharge of currently around 3%. According 
to the proposal of BNetzA, only new investments under the cost of capital comparison 
mechanism benefit from the adjustment of the interest rate. For the existing assets the 
equity interest rate remains unchanged at the 5.07% nominal pre-tax return on equity for 
the regulatory period 2023-2027.  
Against the background of the phase-out of fossil fuels by 2045 at the latest and the 
upcoming significant investments in the gas grids, the current very long depreciation periods 
for gas grids operators were reviewed by BNetzA. As a result, the regulation on 
determination of imputed useful lives of natural gas pipeline infrastructures (named KANU) 
came into force in 2022. It is now possible for TSOs to depreciate (i) operation-ready 
investments from 2023 or later or (ii) LNG plants from 2022, fully until 2045. Currently 
BNetzA is in discussions with the industry to apply a similar methodology also for assets 
which were operation-ready before 2023. 
In September 2021, the European Court of Justice (ECJ) ruled in favor of the European 
Commission in the case against the Federal Republic of Germany on the independence of 
BNetzA. According to the ruling, the German legislator has limited the competences of 
BNetzA in a way, which is not in line with European legislation. 
As a consequence, the BNetzA must be given greater scope for decision-making in the 
implementation of the European requirements for the regulation of electricity and gas grids. 
Despite the identified violations of national law against European law, the regulations as 
well as the determinations of BNetzA remain valid for the time being and must continue to 
be applied by the authorities and courts. The Federal Ministry of Economics initiated the 
amendment of the EnWG (Energy industry law) at the beginning of 2023. The draft bill on 
the adaptation of the EnWG to the requirements of EU law is essentially intended to 
implement the ruling of the ECJ, mentioned above (Case C 718/18). To this end, the 
provisions in regulations and the EnWG, which have been found inadmissible, must be 
successively replaced by provisions of BNetzA. Ordinances that have been objected to must 
expire on certain dates (ARegV 31.12.2027, StromNEV 31.12.2028, GasNEV 31.12.2027, 
StromNZV/GasNZV 31.12.2025).  
Together with the other German TSOs, GUD has to prepare the German NEP (Network 
development plan) on a two-yearly basis, which sets out the developments within the 
German gas and hydrogen network for the coming ten to fifteen years. Currently, the

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
Intern/Internal
scenario framework for this NEP is under development showing different scenarios for the 
development of supply and demand for natural gas and hydrogen. Based on the scenario 
framework German TSOs have to draw up the NEP 2025. The German Energiewende 
causes great changes in how the German infrastructure is used in the future, especially 
where energy efficiency and the construction of new gas-fired power stations are 
concerned. Thus, TSOs focus on the development of a hydrogen infrastructure. As a result 
of the planned decarbonization of industrial processes (especially chemicals and steel 
production) there is a huge demand for hydrogen produced by renewable energy sources. 
In general, the existing pipelines for natural gas are also suitable for the transport of 
hydrogen, thus enabling compensating of fluctuating production of renewable energy 
sources. In a first step the market demand is analysed with regard to possible producers 
and consumers of hydrogen. This is followed by an investigation which existing pipelines 
can be converted for the transport of hydrogen in the future due to a lower demand for 
natural gas. The overall aim is to develop a hydrogen network to enable a rapid 
development of a hydrogen economy in Germany.  
 
The revised EnWG requires the construction of a Germany-wide hydrogen backbone 
("Kernnetz" or "core net") after prior approval by BNetzA as a first step to develop a 
hydrogen market in Germany. Construction may therefore take place prior to the realization 
of real demands for hydrogen. To cope with the financial risks of a market ramp up failure 
and/or delay, German TSOs and the German government, together with the regulator, 
agreed on an inter-temporal-cost-allocation-mechanism for the core net. This mechanism 
ensures that TSOs are able to earn back regulated revenues in due time, aiming for a 
financial balancing of costs and revenues until 2055. If a balancing of costs and revenues 
is not possible due to the realisation of a significant market ramp up failure, a risk sharing 
between core grid TSOs and the state via the so called "Amortisiation Account" will take 
place. German TSOs will apply for approval of the core grid at BNetzA most likely in July 
2024 and the approval by BNetzA is expected within 2 months. Gasunie's share in the core 
grid are the HYPERLINK projects.  
A further significant part of the NEP are the necessary amendments of the gas grids related 
to LNG terminals in Germany. Because of the Russia-Ukraine war European governments 
are looking for more independency from Russian gas supply which was a special focus 
already of the NEP 2022 and still is for the NEP 2025. In this context German government 
initiates strong focus on the development of LNG terminals in Germany. With its natural gas 
grid close to the German coast line, GUD is currently developing the infrastructure to 
connect planned LNG terminals in Brunsbüttel and Stade.  
 
Besides the development of the core grid, the BNetzA is responsible for the regulatory 
design of the hydrogen market / regulatory framework. BNetzA has already started to 
regulate the hydrogen market by rendering different decisions regarding, for example, rules 
for tariffs, capacity products and/or the balancing system. The regulatory framework will be 
further developed in consultation with market parties. The consultation with the market 
regarding the framework for marketing of capacities and the balancing regime will start on 
short notice. GUD is intensively involved in this process via the associations FNB Gas eV 
and BDEW.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
Intern/Internal
F. Relevant developments 
Trading Hub Europe – German market area and market area manager 
Trading Hub Europe GmbH was established on 1 June 2021 by the network companies 
GUD, bayernets GmbH, Fluxys TENP GmbH, GASCADE Gastransport GmbH, 
Gastransport Nord GmbH, GRTgaz Deutschland GmbH, Nowega GmbH, ONTRAS 
Gastransport GmbH, Open Grid Europe GmbH, terranets bw GmbH and Thyssengas 
GmbH. 
From 1 October 2021, Trading Hub Europe is the market area manager for the entire 
German market area also named Trading Hub Europe. In its capacity as market area 
manager, Trading Hub Europe will especially manage balancing groups, procure system 
balancing tools and balance the system and operate a Virtual Trading Point for natural gas. 
On 30 April 2022, the so-called 'Gas Storage Act' came into force with the German Energy 
Act ("Energiewirtschaftsgesetzt"). The legal regulations provide for the achievement of a 
certain filling level in the gas storage facilities on specified key dates in order to guarantee 
security of supply. In particular, Trading Hub Europe has the new statutory task of procuring 
missing gas volumes, storing them in gas storages and selling them at a later date. Like the 
procurement and injection, any subsequent withdrawal or sale of the procured gas volumes 
is fully subject to the requirements of the Federal Ministry of Economics and the BNetzA. 
These tasks are not subject to any profit-making intent, but Trading Hub Europe may claim 
its own costs and expenses in connection with these tasks. Any costs will be covered by a 
new levy to be charged to the customers from 1 October 2022. Currently, the measures 
under the Gas Storage Act are limited until 2027.  
 G. Major ongoing projects  
New Grid Connections  
In recent years GUD has received major inquiries for new grid connections: two inquiries 
are related to two planned LNG terminals in Brunsbüttel and Stade, close to Hamburg, 
further two inquiries are related to power plants nearby Wolfsburg and Hanover. The 
connection to the LNG terminals and the power plants will mean noteworthy extensions of 
the GUD-grid. Due to planned decarbonization of industrial processes (chemicals, steel 
production) further new grid connections to industrial consumers are subject to further 
discussions. In all cases new grid connections will be H2-ready. 
Activities concern conversion of existing network to H2 network started in 2023. This is part 
of the Hyperlink projects and is included in the hydrogen backbone ("Kernnetz" or "core 
net"). 
H. GUD's participations  
GUD holds a direct share of 50% in the NETRA GmbH Norddeutsche Erdgas Transversale 
being the general partner of the NETRA GmbH Norddeutsche Erdgas Transversale & Co. 
Kommanditgesellschaft ("NETRA"). It also holds 75.01% of the shares in Deutsch/Dänische 
Erdgastransport-GmbH, being the general partner of the DEUDAN-Deutsch/Dänische 
Erdgastransport-Gesellschaft mbH & Co. Kommanditgesellschaft ("DEUDAN"). The 
NETRA and DEUDAN joint ventures are owners of gas transport systems. They grant 
beneficial use rights of their respective gas transmission systems to their shareholders. 
Open Grid Europe GmbH is the joint venture partner in both DEUDAN and NETRA.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
Intern/Internal
Furthermore, GUD holds a participation in the market area manager Trading Hub Europe 
GmbH of 9.0909 % and holds 1.33% of the shares in the European Capacity Platform 
PRISMA (see "Description of the Issuer – 7.2.1 GTS – G. Participations of GTS" for a 
description of PRISMA).  
GUD also owns a 25.13% stake in the Nordeuropäische Erdgas Leitung ("NEL"). NEL is a 
so-called "Bruchteilseigentumsgemeinschaft" ("BTG"): this is a special form of co-
ownership in which the asset is owned by several parties. GUD acts on behalf of Gasunie 
as a joint operation partner in NEL, together with NEL Gastransport GmbH and Fluxys 
Deutschland GmbH. The NEL pipeline is one of several pipelines originally established to 
enable natural gas from the major reserves in Russia to be transported, through Nord 
Stream A.G. (see "Description of the Issuer – 7.2.3 Participations – C. Participations"), 
directly to Germany and other member states of the European Union, in particular the 
Netherlands, Belgium, France and the United Kingdom. The NEL pipeline runs from where 
the Nord Stream pipeline comes on land in Lubmin near Greifswald to Rehden in Lower 
Saxony, stretching over 440 kilometers past Schwerin and Hamburg. In Heidenau, the NEL 
pipeline is connected to the network of GUD. Due to the lack of Russian import volumes, 
the transport is reversed from western to eastern Europe. 
GUD furthermore owns 16.5% of the share capital of EUGAL BTG ("EUGAL") to construct 
and operate the EUGAL pipeline. The other parties involved are Gascade, Fluxys and 
Ontras. The project mainly consists of a 56" pipeline connection for a distance of 
approximately 480 km, of which the first 329 km are a looped pipeline. The route of the 
pipeline is mainly parallel to the existing OPAL pipeline. Furthermore, a gas receiving 
terminal in Lubmin, a compressor station in Radeland and several metering and steering 
facilities are part of the project. After commissioning of the first part with a capacity provision 
as of 1 January 2020, the full transport capacity of EUGAL was made available on 1 April 
2021. Due to the lack of Russian import volumes, the pipeline is fed by volumes from NEL 
and by gas imports via the LNG terminal in Mukran. 
Hyperlink is a GUD project with the aim to develop an open access, cross-border hydrogen 
backbone in Northern Germany. The envisaged hydrogen pipeline network will establish 
the connection between large-scale intake of hydrogen from various German domestic 
sources (for instance via electrolyzation), final consumers in industrial and urban centres in 
Northern Germany and future hydrogen storage facilities. Moreover, it will enable the import 
of hydrogen from the Netherlands, Denmark and overseas. In doing so, Gasunie's backbone 
in Northern Germany will provide an essential infrastructure connection between supply, 
demand and storage both regionally and internationally. Hyperlink will largely be realized 
using existing infrastructure and it is therefore expected to be realized in a timely and cost 
efficient manner. The project will result in a large scale hydrogen network (up to 26 GW) 
with a total length of approx. 1250 km and an investment value of approximately 2-4 billion 
euro in an envisaged time period until 2032 and will be an integral part of the planned 
German core grid (Kernnetz)  The Dutch back bone and German core grid connect industrial 
cluster areas and will be connected via cross border connections (Oude Statenzijl - 
connection to Hyperlink, Vlieghuis, Winterswijk en Zevenaar). 
7.2.3 Participations 
A. General 
Until 31 December 2023 the business unit Participations was responsible for the business 
development activities, which activities continued in a separate business unit named 
"Business Development" within Gasunie as of 1 January 2024. The objective of the 
business units Participations and Business Development together is to strengthen 
Gasunie's position as a leading European gas infrastructure company and to support the

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
Intern/Internal
energy transition and Gasunie's transition into a broad energy infrastructure company. The 
units together manage non-regulated activities as well as activities which are only partly 
regulated. This includes the development of new business activities and M&A activities, with 
partners from the business environment and the financial world, and acting as a shareholder 
for Gasunie's non-regulated participations. The risks and profit targets of these activities 
are higher than those of the regulated activities due to these business activities being 
carried out in competition with other market parties.  
Participations and Business Development are key to Gasunie's strategy aimed at 
strengthening the position of Gasunie as a cross-border energy infrastructure company in 
Europe. By taking strategic positions in Western European gas transport assets, Gasunie 
strengthens TTF as a trading point. This is important for sound, transparent pricing and for 
the security of energy supply in the Netherlands. By maintaining positions in North-West 
Europe, Gasunie ensures its ability to exert influence on energy flows. It enables the 
Gasunie group to optimise its service offering by adding cross-border service concepts. As 
such, Gasunie maximises the economic value of its assets in the Netherlands and Germany, 
making the best possible use of capacity in the networks.  
Participations and Business Development are also working on new areas, particularly in the 
context of the transition to sustainable energy. Gasunie seeks to facilitate and demonstrate 
to the market that gas as an energy carrier, including hydrogen, is vital for the future 
sustainable energy system, especially regarding conversion of biomass into green gas and 
conversion of electricity from solar and wind source into hydrogen. Furthermore, Gasunie 
is working on becoming the operator and/or asset owner of heat (through WarmtelinQ) and 
CO2 transportation systems in the Netherlands (e.g. Porthos). Its defined role is to bring 
partners together, assist in achieving efficiency and effectiveness from a financial and 
project perspective, co-create business models and in some cases take the role of operator. 
Given the requirements of the energy transition, this role for Gasunie is considered to be in 
the Dutch public interest.  
Furthermore, due to the difficult crisis environment in the European gas sector, Gasunie 
currently provides the NorthWest European market with fast additional LNG regasification 
and related transport capacities via its joint ventures Gate Terminal and EET, the operating 
LNG terminal in the Port of Rotterdam (NL) and Eemshaven (NL) as well as the LNG project 
currently being developed in Brunsbüttel (GER). 
B. Participations' and Business Development's business model 
Participations and Business Developments activities have been allocated to separate 
participations. These participations are responsible for the marketing and delivery of gas 
services and energy infrastructure services and for the obligations as owners of their 
respective assets. The ownership ratios in the participations vary from full ownership (e.g., 
EnergyStock.) via shared ownership with external partners (e.g., Gate Terminal, EET and 
BBL Company) to minority interest (Nord Stream). 
Gasunie takes care of the operational management of the underground gas storage facility 
EnergyStock at Zuidwending and the Balgzand-Bacton-Leiding ("BBL") pipeline connection 
with the UK. The LNG terminal in Rotterdam (Gate Terminal) and Nord Stream AG in which 
Gasunie has a(n) (in)direct participation, function as independent organizations, supervised 
by its shareholders. The business unit Participation supervises the governance of these 
participations. See below under "Description of the Issuer – 7.2.3 Participations and 
Business Development – C. Participations" for more information on these participations. 
Participations and Business Development also looks for opportunities to develop new and 
sometimes innovative activities, such as a super critical water gasification demonstration

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
Intern/Internal
facility (which can convert wet residual flows such as manure, green waste, and sewage 
sludge into renewable energy and reusable raw materials), together with partners. For 
example, the participation in the EUGAL pipeline in Germany and the development of LNG 
import and distribution terminals (floating and onshore). The activities should contribute to 
Gasunie's strategy of supporting the functioning of the gas market and enabling the 
transition towards a sustainable energy system (Gasunie's third strategic pillar). 
Investments 
The decision to invest in new infrastructure is always preceded by a thorough analysis of 
the market developments, the wishes of potential customers, as well as commercial and 
technological feasibility.  
In addition, the market for sustainable energy is still in a phase that requires not only a 
vision, but also innovation. Besides opportunities, this leads to risks, as investments in new 
technologies and developing markets often only return yield in the longer term. An example 
is power to gas technologies which can convert renewable electricity into hydrogen, where 
the technology and the hydrogen market are still maturing. Gasunie is increasing its efforts 
to facilitate renewable energy technologies and markets, based on thorough risk 
assessment and adequate risk mitigation. In Gasunie's view, the development of new 
revenue models and efficient participation structures for gas infrastructure companies is 
inextricably linked with succeeding in its ambition to play a leading role in the transition to 
a sustainable energy system. 
Revenue flow 
Customers buy capacity in the infrastructure managed by Gasunie's participations and 
thereby also the right to utilize the infrastructure during the contracted period. Participations 
constructs and operates infrastructure but has no interest itself in the upstream supply and 
trade or the downstream delivery of gas or LNG. In this way, Participations can facilitate a 
well-functioning gas market and gas trade via its participations in a non-discriminatory and 
transparent way. 
Both Gate Terminal B.V. and BBL Company V.O.F. have to deal with legal regulations and 
regulatory authorities. They need the regulatory authorities' prior consent to offer certain 
services, for which they are granted exemption from the regulatory frameworks, usually for 
a specific period of time. This results in services being offered by these participations within 
regulated frameworks. As a result, the business model of Participations is also affected by 
European legislation to facilitate a well-functioning European gas market. 
With regard to the non-regulated business, Gasunie will focus on further optimising the 
utilisation of existing assets and developing new assets where necessary in the coming 
years.  
C. Participations 
Below, the financially material participations and projects under development of the 
business units Participations and Business Development are described. 
EnergyStock B.V. 
EnergyStock B.V. is a 100% subsidiary of Gasunie. EnergyStock is a facility for the storage 
of low-caloric gas (G-gas) in underground salt caverns, located in Zuidwending near the 
Groningen gas field. EnergyStock B.V. offers its customers a reliable 24/7 fast multi-cycle 
storage service to cater for a variety of services. These services have been developed in 
order to allow EnergyStock's customers to capture specific value, especially value created

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
Intern/Internal
by within-day portfolio balancing, trading on short term forward price curves and trading 
based on price volatilities. 
BBL Company V.O.F. 
BBL is the subsea pipeline connecting the Netherlands to the United Kingdom. Gasunie 
holds through its intermediate companies an effective 75% interest in BBL Company V.O.F., 
a partnership under Dutch law operating the BBL. The other shareholder of BBL Company 
V.O.F. is Fluxys (effectively 25%). By connecting the Dutch / continental gas market and 
the British gas market, BBL allows for the transport of LNG deliveries and international 
supplies. BBL further plays an important role in diversifying supply routes from and to the 
UK as well as balancing short-term market imbalances. This is of particular relevance after 
the BBL physical reverse flow services came online in the second half of 2019. 
Nord Stream AG 
Nord Stream AG is a company incorporated under Swiss law and a joint venture between 
Gazprom, Gasunie, ENGIE, Wintershall Dea, and E.ON. It operated two parallel pipelines 
from Vyborg, near St Petersburg, to Greifswald, Germany, across the Baltic Sea. Gasunie, 
through its 100% Swiss subsidiary Gasunie Infrastruktur AG, has become a 9% shareholder 
in Nord Stream AG in June 2008. Gazprom holds 51% of the shares, E.ON and Wintershall 
Dea each hold 15.5% and ENGIE 9%.. 
Gasunie's shareholding in Nord Stream AG has in the course of 2022 been set in a fully 
different perspective. At first, due to the Russian invasion in Ukraine in February 2022, the 
facilitation of Russian gas imports, as well as the cooperation with Gazprom (as majority 
shareholder in Nord Stream AG) have become increasingly sensitive. Secondly, on 26 
September 2022 a sabotage event severely damaged the pipelines and therewith has 
fundamentally disturbed the operational and business activities of Nord Stream AG, as the 
pipelines are out of operation for at least the near future. For the near future, any potential 
utilization of the pipelines is very uncertain and subject to highly (geo)political dimensions. 
Due to this situation, there is no clear outlook for Gasunie to receive any dividends from 
Nord Stream AG, and therefore Gasunie has decided to fully impair its 9% share in the 
financial books at end of 2022. Nord Stream AG has up to now not been subject to any EU, 
US or UK sanctions.  
Gasunie intends to act in its role as shareholder in a reserved manner, not wanting to 
jeopardize the operational activities of Nord Stream but also not wanting to be prominently 
involved in the current issues. See also the risk factor "Geopolitical risks and sanctions". 
Gate terminal B.V. 
Through its 100% subsidiary Gasunie LNG Holding B.V., Gasunie has an interest of 50% 
in Gate terminal C.V., which on its turn holds an interest of 100% in Gate terminal B.V., a 
terminal for LNG on the Maasvlakte, an area of reclaimed land in the port of Rotterdam. 
Koninklijke Vopak N.V. ("Vopak") is the other shareholder of Gate terminal C.V. with an 
equal 50% interest. Gate terminal is financed through means of project finance. 
Supplying LNG to the European continent satisfies the demand for gas and supply 
diversification. After the increase of the throughput capacity in 2022, Gate terminal has an 
annual throughput capacity of 16 BCMa. The LNG is delivered to the terminal by ships and 
temporarily stored in tanks for purpose of re-gasification or distribution by barges and 
trucks. After re-gasification the gas is transported through the existing pipeline grid of 
Gasunie. In case of distribution the LNG can be used in maritime and road transport as a 
fuel to replace diesel or marine fuel, thereby decreasing greenhouse and local emissions. 
Gate Terminal B.V. carries out construction and exploitation of the terminal and is not 
involved in the supply, trade or transport of LNG.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
Intern/Internal
In august 2023, Gate terminal B.V. took the financial investment decision ("FID") on an 
expansion investment in a fourth tank and regasification capacity of 4 BCMa, increasing the 
total throughput capacity to 20 BCMa. Construction is currently ongoing with the 
commissioning date scheduled in the fourth quarter of 2026.   
German LNG Terminal GmbH 
German LNG Terminal GmbH ("GLNG") wants to develop a LNG terminal in North 
Germany. The LNG terminal is planned to be sited in Brunsbüttel, on the Elbe north of 
Hamburg. The LNG terminal can contribute strategically to the diversification of the German 
and Northwest European energy supply. The terminal will give Germany access to the 
global market for natural gas in the form of LNG.  
In 2023 the German State (via KfW Bankengruppe) and RWE stepped into the project after 
Vopak and OilTanking's exit, acquiring 50% and 10% of the shares respectively. All of the 
regulatory permitted capacity of 9 BCMA is for 15 years, with an intended start of operations 
in 2027. The project is facing delays caused by the long processes for the receival of 
permits, despite its strategic importance of the project for Germany. It is expected that the 
material permits will be issued in July and August 2024. 
Eems Energy Terminal B.V. 
The EemsEnergyTerminal is a plant that converts liquefied natural gas, which has been 
transported by ship to Eemshaven, back to its gaseous state and has been operational 
since the first gas delivery on 16 September 2022, and since then successfully serviced 
more than 100 LNG vessels. The LNG import has contributed significantly to the gas supply 
of Northwestern Europe. The quick development of the EemsEnergyTerminal is seen as 
one of the most important and successful projects in Europe to become less dependent of 
Russian gas. On 1 October 2023 Vopak joined EET as a 50% shareholder, with Gasunie 
remaining the operator of the terminal. The terminal makes it possible to import 8 billion 
cubic metres (bcm) of LNG on an annual basis, which covers around 25% of the 
Netherlands' total annual gas demand. Work is currently going into gradually upping the 
terminal's capacity to roughly 10 bcm per year. 
Currently, the LNG import contracts will end in the second half of 2027. For the period 
beyond September 2027, Vopak and Gasunie explore the extension of LNG import 
capacities to the market and (in parallel), the gradual decarbonisation of the energy import 
flows by facilitating low or zero carbon hydrogen (derivatives) import, via floating and or 
land based configurations. 
Gasunie New Energy B.V. 
One of the strategic objectives of Gasunie is the transition towards a CO2-neutral energy 
supply. Gasunie New Energy focuses on developing projects in this context. Through 
Gasunie New Energy B.V., Gasunie takes a proactive role in the development of sustainable 
energy by developing the necessary knowledge and building a network of business 
partners.Via Gasunie New Energy B.V. Gasunie currently holds positions in several small 
size companies like EemsGas Asset Company B.V. 
Hydrogen 
Hydrogen plays a crucial role in building a sustainable energy system. Via several 
interconnected onshore, offshore, storage, and import projects Gasunie is developing a 
sustainable and robust hydrogen network. The most important projects are explained in 
more detail below.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
Intern/Internal
Hynetwork Services B.V. 
Hynetwork Services B.V. ("HNS") intends to develop and manage large-scale hydrogen 
infrastructure in the Netherlands. To this end, HNS aims to build new infrastructure and 
partly reuse and efficiently utilise the existing gas transport networks in a sustainable, safe 
and reliable manner. The first pipeline route that HNS has under its management is supplier 
DOW Benelux's hydrogen pipeline to customer Yara Sluiskil. The project was put into 
operation in November 2018. In 2022 a new (small) hydrogen pipeline in the Northern part 
of the Netherlands has been established and added to the asset base of HNS. In June 2023 
an investment decision of EUR 100 million was taken regarding a new hydrogen pipeline in 
the Rotterdam industrial cluster. The construction thereof has started in April 2024 with the 
aim for the pipeline to be operational by the end of 2025. 
HyOne 
At the request of the Minister of Climate and Energy, Gasunie, as the intended offshore 
hydrogen network operator, has started preparations for the development of a hydrogen 
network at sea. Gasunie's goal is to create an open-access, non-discriminatory hydrogen 
network for the receival of hydrogen produced in the Dutch North Sea and possible imported 
hydrogen from surrounding North Sea countries. An offshore hydrogen network is 
necessary to effectively and efficiently connect the supply and demand of hydrogen. For 
the sake of cost-effectiveness, research will be carried out into the possibility of reusing 
existing pipelines in the North Sea as part of the future hydrogen network at sea. The 
realization of the network will probably take place as modular and phased as possible in the 
period 2033-2050. When realized, the offshore hydrogen grid will be a vital part of the Dutch 
and Northwest European energy supply and will play an important role in the upscaling of 
wind and hydrogen.  
HyStock 
Hydrogen, or hydrogen-based energy carriers, must be produced on a GW scale from 
various renewable energy sources. Since the supply of renewable energy and the demand 
for carbon-free hydrogen are not synchronous, enough storage capacity has to be created.  
From a technical and economic point of view, the storage of hydrogen in salt caverns seems 
the most promising solution, for both the short and the long term. Buffering hydrogen to 
balance production and usage on a GW scale requires the injection and extraction of large 
quantities of hydrogen over a short period. Caverns therefore need to be developed, as 
they are particularly suited to delivering hydrogen quickly. The caverns will act as a lung in 
the hydrogen network and enable the entire energy system in the Netherlands and Europe 
to achieve the ambitious sustainability targets.  
The area in the northern Netherlands has the ideal subsoil for developing the salt caverns 
needed. A large part of this storage potential is located at Zuidwending, in the province of 
Groningen, where Gasunie's subsidiary EnergyStock is based. Gasunie plans to develop 
the first large-scale hydrogen storage site here. Four caverns can be developed in total at 
the current site, with a total storage capacity of 20KT of hydrogen. The start operation of 
the first cavern is planned for 2029 or 2030, the other three will follow in the years after. A 
feasibility study was carried out in 2020 and testing activities of hydrogen storage in the 
borehole A8 cavern, which started in April 2021, have been completed after the successful 
tests. 
ACE Terminal 
By combining their strengths and expertise, Gasunie, HES International and Vopak have 
been investigating the possibilities to develop an import terminal for green ammonia as a 
carrier for hydrogen in the port of Rotterdam. The future demand for green hydrogen in 
Northwest Europe exceeds the capacity that can be produced locally from sustainable 
sources. Therefore, it is necessary to import green hydrogen on a large scale. An import

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
Intern/Internal
terminal for green ammonia is an essential link in the hydrogen chain, alongside hydrogen 
production, transport and storage. The initial plan was to realise ACE Terminal on the 
Maasvlakte near Rotterdam.  
The cooperation with HES has come to an end (and the project as such is discontinued on 
this location). Gasunie is however committed to continue the development of the ACE 
concept but will also investigate alternative concepts such as LOHC (Liquid organic 
hydrogen carrier), CH2 (Compressed hydrogen) and LH2 (Liquid hydrogen). 
Heat 
WarmtelinQ 
The Netherlands wants to reduce its natural gas consumption and carbon emissions. In 
urban areas, the reuse of residual heat from industry is a cost-effective alternative. With the 
WarmtelinQ project Gasunie is building an underground main transmission pipeline that will 
bring residual heat, i.e., heat as a by-product of industrial processes, from the Port of 
Rotterdam, through Vlaardingen and to The Hague and Leiden to warm homes and 
businesses in the province of Zuid-Holland. Construction started early in 2022 and the first 
heat is expected to be supplied by early 2026. 
CCS (Carbon Capture and Storage) 
The ambition for Gasunie's CCS infrastructure is a network that can transport roughly 30 
MTPA from Dutch emitters and another 30 MTPA from foreign emitters. This can be 
achieved by several interconnected projects. Four of these projects are explained in more 
detail below. 
Porthos 
Porthos is a joint-venture between Energie Beheer Nederland, Port of Rotterdam and 
Gasunie. Gasunie has 50% of the shares of the total infrastructure. Porthos is developing 
a project in which CO2 from industry in the Port of Rotterdam is transported and stored in 
empty gas fields beneath the North Sea. The CO2 that will be transported and stored by 
Porthos, will be captured by various companies. The companies will supply their CO2 to a 
collective pipeline that runs through the Rotterdam port area. The CO2 will then be 
pressurised in a compressor station. The CO2 will be transported through an offshore 
pipeline to a platform in the North Sea, approximately 20 km off the coast. From this 
platform, the CO2 will be pumped in an empty gas field. The empty gas fields are situated 
in a sealed reservoir of porous sandstone, more than 3 km beneath the North Sea. Porthos 
will store around 37 Mton CO2, approximately 2.5 Mton CO2 per year for 15 years. 
The final investment decision for Porthos has been taken in October 2023. The construction 
of the Porthos infrastructure started early 2024. The system is expected to be operational 
from 2026. 
Aramis 
After Porthos, Aramis is the next key CCS project. In September 2021, TotalEnergies, Shell 
Netherlands, EBN and Gasunie formed a partnership to enable large-scale CO₂ reduction 
for industrial clusters in the Netherlands. Under the name Aramis, these parties aim to make 
a significant contribution to the energy transition by facilitating decarbonisation for the hard-
to-abate industries. The parties will do this by offering offshore CO₂ transport infrastructure 
connecting several depleted gas fields under the North Sea to the main-land. The design, 
permits and other necessary preparatory work are progressing in the FEED (Front End

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
Intern/Internal
Engineering Design) phase and Aramis is currently looking to take final investment decision 
by Q2 2025 with an operational start-up end 2028. 
CO2next 
With the CO2next project, running parallel to Aramis, the project partners (Gasunie, Vopak, 
Shell and TotalEnergies) aim to build an open access liquid CO2 terminal at the Maasvlakte 
in Rotterdam with jetties foreseen in the Yangtze Canal. The terminal will be able to receive 
and deliver liquid CO2 via vessels, and will be connected to depleted gas fields in the North 
Sea via the Aramis trunkline for storage. It can also be leveraged as part of other CCS 
chains and a potential future carbon utilisation industry. This open access system will make 
the necessary infrastructures available to all market parties, including parties that do not 
have a direct connection to a CO₂ pipeline. CO2next is looking to take a final investment 
decision in 2025 and commence commercial operations in 2028. 
Delta Rhine Corridor 
The Delta Rhine Corridor project ("DRC") is a unique, cross-border and cross-regional 
infrastructure project between the Netherlands and Germany/Belgium that aims to enable 
decarbonization via a hydrogen pipeline as well as a CO2 pipeline. The CO2 project is part 
of a multi-commodity initiative that aims to connect the Rotterdam port area, Moerdijk, 
Chemelot, Venlo, the German Rhineland region and potentially Antwerp region. The 
ambition of the DRC CCS project is to transport CO2 from Germany, Belgium and the 
Netherlands to the Aramis trunkline for storage in the North Sea and secondly also to 
possible CO2 users. DRC will be executed using a phased approach. The timing for 
Conditional-FID, FID and first operational phase are currently being worked out.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
Intern/Internal
TAXATION 
A. Dutch taxation 
This paragraph outlines the principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, 
settlement, redemption and disposal of the Notes. It does not present a comprehensive or 
complete description of all aspects of Dutch tax law which could be relevant to a holder of 
Notes (a "Noteholder"). For Dutch tax purposes, a Noteholder may include an individual or 
entity that does not hold the legal title of the Notes, but to whom or to which the Notes are, 
or income from the Notes is, nevertheless attributed based either on this individual or entity 
owning a beneficial interest in the Notes or based on specific statutory provisions. These 
include statutory provisions attributing Notes to an individual who is, or who has directly or 
indirectly inherited from a person who was, the settlor, grantor or similar originator of a trust, 
foundation or similar entity that holds the Notes.  
 
This paragraph is intended as general information only. Prospective Noteholders should 
consult their tax adviser regarding the tax consequences of any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of Notes. 
 
This paragraph is based on Dutch tax law as applied and interpreted by Dutch tax courts 
and as published and in effect on the date of the Prospectus, including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, the tax rates applicable on that date, without prejudice to any amendments 
introduced at a later date and implemented with or without retroactive effect. 
 
Any reference in this paragraph made to Dutch taxes, Dutch tax or Dutch tax law should be 
construed as a reference to taxes of whatever nature levied by or on behalf of the 
Netherlands or any of its subdivisions or taxing authorities or to the law governing such 
taxes, respectively. The Netherlands means the part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands 
located in Europe. 
 
Any reference made to a treaty for the avoidance of double taxation refers to treaties 
concluded by the Netherlands and includes the Tax Regulation for the Kingdom of the 
Netherlands (Belastingregeling voor het Koninkrijk), the Tax Regulation for the State of the 
Netherlands (Belastingregeling voor het land Nederland), the Tax Regulations for the 
Netherlands and Curaçao (Belastingregeling Nederland Curaçao), the Tax Regulations for 
the Netherlands and St. Maarten (Belastingregeling Nederland Sint Maarten) and the 
Agreement between the Taipei Representative Office in the Netherlands and the 
Netherlands Trade and Investment Office in Taipei for the avoidance of double taxation. 
 
The statements below are based on the assumption that the Final Terms of any Series of 
Notes will not materially deviate from the Terms and Conditions as described under "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes" in this Prospectus, in particular with regard to the status of the 
Notes and the maturities.  
 
This paragraph does not describe the possible Dutch tax considerations or consequences 
that may be relevant where a Noteholder: 
 
(i) 
is an individual and the Noteholder's income or capital gains derived from the Notes 
are attributable to employment activities, the income from which is taxable in the 
Netherlands;  
 
(ii) 
has a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or a fictitious substantial interest 
(fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer within the meaning of chapter 4 of the 
Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001). Generally, a Noteholder

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
Intern/Internal
has a substantial interest in the Issuer if the Noteholder, alone or – in case of an 
individual – together with a partner for Dutch tax purposes, or any relative by blood 
or by marriage in the ascending or descending line (including foster-children) of 
either of them, owns or holds, or is deemed to own or hold, certain rights to shares, 
including rights to directly or indirectly acquire shares, directly or indirectly 
representing 5% or more of the issued capital of the Issuer or of the issued capital 
of any class of shares or profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) relating to 
5% or more of the Issuer's annual profits or 5% or more of the Issuer's liquidation 
proceeds; 
(iii) 
is an entity that, although it is in principle subject to Dutch corporate income tax 
under 
the 
Dutch 
Corporate 
Income 
Tax 
Act 
1969 
(Wet 
op 
de 
vennootschapsbelasting 1969) (the "CITA"), is not subject to Dutch corporate 
income tax or is fully or partly exempt from Dutch corporate income tax (such as a 
qualifying pension fund as described in Section 5 CITA and a tax exempt investment 
fund (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstelling) as described in Section 6a CITA), or is an 
entity that is not tax resident in the Netherlands and that has a function comparable 
to a tax exempt investment fund (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstelling) as described in 
Section 6a CITA;  
 
(iv) 
is an investment institution (beleggingsinstelling) as described in Section 28 CITA, 
or is an entity that is not tax resident in the Netherlands and that has a function 
comparable to an investment institution (beleggingsinstelling) as described in 
Section 28 CITA; or 
 
(v) 
is part of a multinational enterprise group or large-scale domestic group within the 
meaning of the Dutch Minimum Tax Act 2024 (Wet minimumbelasting 2024; the 
Dutch implementation of Directive (EU) 2022/2523 of 14 December 2022 on 
ensuring a global minimum level of taxation for multinational enterprise groups and 
large-scale domestic groups in the European Union). 
 
Withholding tax 
 
Any payments made under the Notes will not be subject to withholding or deduction for, or 
on account of, any Dutch withholding taxes, unless a Noteholder is a Related Entity and: 
 
(i) 
is resident in a state that qualifies as a low taxed jurisdiction or a jurisdiction that is 
listed on the European Union list of non-cooperative jurisdictions ("Listed Jurisdictions"); 
or 
 
(ii) 
is resident in another state, but the interest under the Notes is allocated by the 
Noteholder to a permanent establishment situated in one of the Listed Jurisdictions; or 
 
(iii) 
holds the interest in the Issuer with the main purpose, or one of the main purposes, 
to avoid taxation due on the interest received in respect of the Notes by another entity and 
holds the interest, or is deemed to hold the interest, as part of an artificial arrangement or 
transaction (or a series of artificial arrangements or composite of transactions); or  
 
(iv) 
is resident in a state, under the laws of that state, not being one of the Listed 
Jurisdictions, and that state does not treat such Noteholder as the beneficiary to payments 
under the Notes because that state considers another entity in which the Noteholder holds

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
Intern/Internal
an interest as the beneficiary of such payments, and is not able to make use of an applicable 
rebuttal scheme; or 
 
(v) 
under the laws of the state in which the Noteholder is incorporated ("Incorporation 
State"), not being one of the Listed Jurisdictions, it is not considered the beneficiary to 
payments under the Notes because such beneficiary, under the laws of Incorporation State, 
is not considered a resident of the Incorporation State while such beneficiary is not 
considered a resident of another state under the laws of that other state either, and is not 
able to make use of an applicable rebuttal scheme; or 
 
(vi) 
is a reverse hybrid entity to the extent that an entity that is a resident in a jurisdiction 
that does not treat such reverse hybrid entity as a taxpayer for purposes of a tax levied on 
profits, holds a Qualifying Interest in the reverse hybrid entity and that entity would have 
been subject to withholding tax if it would have been entitled to payments under the Notes 
directly. 
 
If the conditions above are satisfied, interest, including original issue discount, under the 
Notes will be subject to a Dutch withholding tax at a rate of 25.8%. 
 
A Noteholder is considered a Related Entity if: 
 
(i) 
 it has a Qualifying Interest in the Issuer; 
 
(ii) 
the Issuer has a Qualifying Interest in the Noteholder; or  
 
(iii) 
a third party has a Qualifying Interest in both the Issuer and Noteholder.  
 
The term Qualifying Interest means a direct or indirectly held interest – either by an entity 
individually or jointly if an entity is part of a collaborating group (samenwerkende groep) – 
that enables such entity or such collaborating group to exercise a definite influence over 
another entities' decisions, such as the Issuer or the Noteholder as the case may be, and 
allows it to determine the other entities' activities. 
 
Jurisdictions qualify as Listed Jurisdictions if they are designated as such in an annually 
updated ministerial decree of the Dutch Ministry of Finance (Regeling laagbelastende staten 
en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden). At the date of this 
Prospectus, the Listed Jurisdictions are the American Virgin Islands, American Samoa, 
Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, the Bahamas, Bahrain, Barbados, Belize, Bermuda, the 
British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, Fiji, Guam, Guernsey, the Isle of Man, Jersey,  
Palau, Panama, the Russian Federation, Samoa, Trinidad and Tobago, Turkmenistan, the 
Turks and Caicos Islands, and Vanuatu. 
 
Taxes on income and capital gains 
 
Residents of the Netherlands 
 
The description of certain Dutch tax consequences in this paragraph is only intended for 
the following Noteholders: 
(a) 
individuals who are resident or deemed to be resident in the Netherlands ("Dutch 
Individuals"); and 
(b) 
entities or enterprises that are subject to the CITA and are resident or deemed to be 
resident in the Netherlands ("Dutch Corporate Entities").

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
Intern/Internal
Dutch Individuals engaged or deemed to be engaged in an enterprise or in miscellaneous 
activities 
 
Dutch Individuals engaged or deemed to be engaged in an enterprise or in miscellaneous 
activities (resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) are generally subject to income tax at 
statutory progressive rates with a maximum of 49.5% with respect to any benefits derived 
or deemed to be derived from the Notes, including any capital gains realised on their 
disposal, that are attributable to: 
(i) 
an enterprise from which a Dutch Individual derives profits, whether as an 
entrepreneur (ondernemer) or pursuant to a co-entitlement (medegerechtigde) to the 
net worth of this enterprise other than as an entrepreneur or a shareholder; or 
(ii) 
miscellaneous activities, including, without limitation, activities which are beyond the 
scope of active portfolio investment activities (meer dan normaal vermogensbeheer). 
 
Dutch Individuals not engaged or deemed to be engaged in an enterprise or in 
miscellaneous activities 
 
Generally, the Notes held by a Dutch Individual who is not engaged or deemed to be 
engaged in an enterprise (winst uit onderneming) or in miscellaneous activities, or who is 
so engaged or deemed to be engaged but the Notes are not attributable to that enterprise 
or miscellaneous activities, are under current law subject to an annual income tax imposed 
on a fictitious yield on the fair market value of the Notes on 1 January of each calendar year 
under the regime for savings and investments (inkomen uit sparen en beleggen). 
Irrespective of the actual income or capital gains realised, the annual taxable benefit from 
a Dutch Individual's assets and liabilities taxed under this regime, including the Notes, is 
based on fictitious percentages applied to the fair market value of (i) bank savings 
(banktegoeden), (ii) other assets (overige bezittingen), including the Notes, and (iii) 
liabilities (schulden).  
 
Taxation only occurs if and to the extent the sum of the fair market value of bank savings 
and other assets minus the fair market value of the liabilities exceeds a statutory threshold 
(heffingvrij vermogen). The tax rate under the regime for savings and investments is a flat 
rate of 36%.  
 
For the calendar year 2024, the fictitious percentages applicable to the first and third 
categories mentioned above (bank savings and liabilities) have not yet been determined. 
The fictitious yield percentage applicable to the second category mentioned above (other 
assets, including the Notes) is 6.04% for the calendar year 2024. 
 
Certain transactions that have the effect of reducing the fictitious yield by shifting net wealth 
between the aforementioned categories (i) and (ii) or increasing liabilities in any three 
months period starting before and ending after 1 January of the relevant year will for this 
purpose be ignored unless the Noteholder can demonstrate that such transactions are 
implemented for other reasons than tax reasons. 
 
On June 6, 2024, the Dutch Supreme Court (Hoge Raad) ruled that the current regime for 
savings and investments is incompatible with the European Convention on Human Rights, 
if the Dutch Individual's aggregate actual return on the assets and liabilities falling within 
the scope of this regime is lower than the fictitious yield. The Dutch Supreme Court provided 
general principles to calculate such actual return. The Dutch Individual bears the burden of 
proof for demonstrating if and to what extent their aggregate actual return on the relevant 
assets and liabilities is lower than the fictitious yield. Noteholders are advised to consult 
their tax advisor on whether any tax levied under the current regime for savings and

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
Intern/Internal
investments, including in respect of the Notes, is in accordance with the judgements of the 
Dutch Supreme Court. 
 
Dutch Corporate Entities 
 
Dutch Corporate Entities are generally subject to corporate income tax at statutory rates up 
to 25.8% with respect to any benefits derived or deemed to be derived from the Notes, 
including any capital gains realised on their disposal.  
 
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
 
The description of certain Dutch tax consequences in this paragraph is only intended for 
the following Noteholders: 
 
(a) 
individuals who are not resident and not deemed to be resident in the Netherlands 
("Non-Dutch Individuals"); and 
(b) 
entities that are not resident and not deemed to be resident in the Netherlands 
("Non-Dutch Corporate Entities"). 
 
Non-Dutch Individuals 
 
A Non-Dutch Individual will not be subject to any Dutch taxes on income or capital gains in 
respect of the purchase, ownership and disposal or transfer of the Notes, other than 
withholding tax as described above, unless:  
(i) 
the Non-Dutch Individual derives profits from an enterprise, whether as entrepreneur 
or pursuant to a co-entitlement to the net worth of this enterprise other than as an 
entrepreneur or a shareholder, which enterprise is, in whole or in part, carried on 
through a permanent establishment (vaste inrichting) or a permanent representative 
(vaste vertegenwoordiger) in the Netherlands, to which the Notes are attributable; 
(ii) 
the Non-Dutch Individual derives benefits from miscellaneous activities carried on in 
the Netherlands in respect of the Notes, including (without limitation) activities which 
are beyond the scope of active portfolio investment activities; or 
(iii) 
the Non-Dutch Individual is entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise, other 
than by way of securities, which enterprise is effectively managed in the Netherlands 
and to which enterprise the Notes are attributable. 
 
Non-Dutch Corporate Entities 
 
A Non-Dutch Corporate Entity will not be subject to any Dutch taxes on income or capital 
gains in respect of the purchase, ownership and disposal or transfer of the Notes, other 
than withholding tax as described above, unless: 
 
(i) 
the Non-Dutch Corporate Entity derives profits from an enterprise, which enterprise 
is, in whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent 
representative in the Netherlands, to which the Notes are attributable; or 
(ii) 
the Non-Dutch Corporate Entity is entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise 
or a co-entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise, other than by way of securities,

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
Intern/Internal
which enterprise is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise 
the Notes are attributable. 
 
Under certain specific circumstances, Dutch taxation rights may be restricted for Non-Dutch 
Individuals and Non-Dutch Corporate Entities pursuant to treaties for the avoidance of 
double taxation. 
 
Dutch Gift Tax or Inheritance Tax 
 
No Dutch gift tax or inheritance tax is due in respect of any gift of the Notes by, or inheritance 
of the Notes on the death of, a Noteholder, unless: 
(i) 
at the time of the gift or death of the Noteholder, the Noteholder is resident, or is 
deemed to be resident, in the Netherlands; 
(ii) 
the Noteholder dies within 180 days after the date of the gift of the Notes while being, 
or being deemed to be resident in the Netherlands at the time of the Noteholder's 
death but not at the time of the gift; or 
(iii) 
the gift of the Notes is made under a condition precedent and the Noteholder is 
resident, or is deemed to be resident, in the Netherlands at the time the condition is 
fulfilled.  
 
Other Taxes and Duties 
 
No other Dutch taxes, including turnover or value added taxes and taxes of a documentary 
nature, such as capital tax, stamp or registration tax or duty, are payable by the Company 
or by, or on behalf of the Noteholder by reason only of the issue, acquisition or transfer of 
the Notes. 
 
Residency 
 
A Noteholder will not become resident, or deemed resident, in the Netherlands by reason 
only of holding the Notes. 
 
B. U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 ("FATCA") impose 
a reporting regime and, potentially, a 30% withholding tax with respect to (i) certain 
payments from sources within the United States, (ii) "foreign passthru payments" made to 
certain non-U.S. financial institutions that do not comply with FATCA, and (iii) payments to 
certain investors that do not provide identification information with respect to interests 
issued by a participating non-U.S. financial institution. Whilst the Notes are in global form 
and held within Euroclear Bank, SA/NV ("Euroclear") or Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg" and together with Euroclear, the "ICSDs"), it is not expected 
that FATCA will affect the amount of any payment received by the ICSDs. However, in the 
future FATCA may affect payments made to custodians or intermediaries in the subsequent 
payment chain leading to the ultimate investor if any such custodian or intermediary 
generally is unable to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. It also may affect 
payment to any ultimate investor that is a financial institution that is not entitled to receive 
payments free of withholding under FATCA, or an ultimate investor that fails to provide its 
broker (or other custodian or intermediary from which it receives payment) with any 
information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary for the 
payments to be made free of FATCA withholding. Investors should choose the custodians 
or intermediaries with care (to ensure each is compliant with FATCA or other laws or 
agreements related to FATCA) and provide each custodian or intermediary with any 
information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary for such

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
Intern/Internal
custodian or intermediary to make a payment free of FATCA withholding. Investors should 
consult their own tax adviser to obtain a more detailed explanation of FATCA and how 
FATCA may affect them. The Issuer's obligations under the Notes are discharged once it 
has paid the common depositary or common safekeeper for the ICSDs (as bearer of the 
Notes) and the Issuer has therefore no responsibility for any amount thereafter transmitted 
through the ICSDs and custodians or intermediaries.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
Intern/Internal
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (the "Programme 
Agreement") dated 1 October 2024, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any 
of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to 
those matters stated under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme 
Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue 
of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities 
incurred by them in connection therewith.  
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of 
this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or 
superseded, the "IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as 
to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a)  
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
  
 
(i)  
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No  
 
 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
 
 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA");  
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules 
 
 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
 
 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
Intern/Internal
 
 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
 
 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
 
 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of means Regulation (EU) 
 
 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
 
 
Prospectus Regulation").  
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as 
to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
 
Other regulatory restrictions 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to 
persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention 
of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer. 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated, and will only communicate 
or cause to be communicated, any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA 
does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect 
to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom.  
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not 
be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
(as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
In respect of Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms, each relevant 
Dealer is required to represent, warrant and agree that:

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
Intern/Internal
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or 
any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation Section, including without limitation, 
regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or 
otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore 
Employment Act of 2010) (the "D Rules"), (i) it has not offered or sold, and during the 
restricted period it will not offer or sell, Notes to a person who is within the United States 
or its possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) it has not delivered and it will 
not deliver within the United States or its possessions Notes in definitive form that are 
sold during the restricted period; 
(b) 
it has and throughout the restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably 
designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling 
Notes are aware that such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period 
to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States 
person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring Notes for purposes of resale in connection 
with their original issuance and if it retains Notes for its own account, it will only do so 
in accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6); 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires Notes from it for the purpose of offering or 
selling such Notes during the restricted period, it (i) repeats and confirms the 
representations and agreements contained in clauses (a), (b) and (c) on such affiliate's 
behalf or (ii) will obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the Issuer the representations 
and agreements contained in subclauses (a), (b) and (c) above; and  
(e) 
it will obtain from any distributor (within the meaning of U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(4)(ii)) that purchases any Notes from it pursuant to a written contract with 
such Dealer, for the benefit of the Issuer and each other Dealer, the representations 
contained in, and such distributor's agreement to comply with, the provisions of clauses 
(a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) as if such distributor were a Dealer hereunder. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
In respect of Notes where TEFRA C is specified in the applicable Final Terms, each relevant 
Dealer will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
it understands that under U.S. Treas. Reg. section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor 
U.S. Treasury Regulation Section, including without limitation, regulations issued in 
accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection 
with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the "C 
Rules"), Notes must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its 
possessions in connection with their original issuance;  
(b) 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, 
any Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection with the original 
issuance of the Notes; and 
(c) 
in connection with the original issuance of the Notes it has not communicated, and will 
not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if such prospective 
purchaser, or such Dealer is within the United States or its possessions and will not 
otherwise involve the United States office of such Dealer in the offer and sale of the 
Notes. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder, including the C Rules.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
Intern/Internal
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes 
(a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion 
of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance 
period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or 
sale of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in 
the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or 
sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration 
under the Securities Act. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, 
in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under item 5, 
paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949 
as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or 
for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and any other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.  
The Netherlands 
Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form and other Notes that qualify as savings certificates as 
defined in the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) may only be 
transferred or accepted directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through 
the mediation of either the Issuer or a member of Euronext Amsterdam with due observance 
of the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (including identification and registration requirements) 
(as amended), provided that no such mediation is required in respect of (i) the initial issue 
of those Notes to the first holders thereof, (ii) any transfer and delivery by individuals who 
do not act in the conduct of a profession or trade, and (iii) the issue and trading of those 
Notes, if they are physically issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed in the 
Netherlands in the course of primary trading or immediately thereafter. As used herein, 
"Zero Coupon Notes" are Notes which qualify as savings certificates under the Dutch 
Savings Certificates Act, i.e. Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a 
fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due and payable during 
their tenor but only at maturity or on which no interest is due whatsoever. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Notes to the public (appel public à 
l'épargne) in France in the period beginning (i) when a prospectus in relation of those

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
Intern/Internal
Notes has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF"), on the 
date of its publication or (ii) when a prospectus has been approved by the competent 
authority of another Member State which is bound by the Prospectus Regulation, on 
the date of notification of such approval to the AMF and ending at the latest on the 
date which is 12 months after the date of the approval of the prospectus, all in 
accordance with articles L.412-1 and L.621-8 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier and the Règlement général of the AMF; or 
(b) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to the 
public in France, and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not 
distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, the Prospectus, the 
applicable Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes and such 
offers, sales and distributions have been and will be made in France only to (i) 
providers of investment services relating to portfolio management for the account of 
third parties and/or (ii) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), all as defined in, 
and in accordance with, articles L.411-1, L.411-2 and D411-1 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation 
and, accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, 
sell or deliver any Notes or distribute copies of the Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy except:  
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 100 of 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the "Financial 
Services Act") and Article 34-ter, first paragraph, letter (b) of CONSOB Regulation 
No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time ("Regulation No. 11971"); 
or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings 
pursuant to Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and Article 34-ter of Regulation 
No. 11971. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must be:  
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) 
and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the "Banking 
Act"); 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended, and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, pursuant 
to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of 
securities in the Republic of Italy; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement 
imposed by CONSOB or other Italian authority.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
Intern/Internal
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all 
applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Prospectus, any offering 
material or the Final Terms and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by 
it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, 
sales or deliveries and the Issuer shall not have any responsibility therefore. Neither the 
Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for 
facilitating such sale.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
Intern/Internal
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Approval 
This Prospectus has been approved by the AFM, as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation. The AFM only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the issuer that 
is the subject of this Prospectus or of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Notes.  
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the 
Executive Board of Gasunie dated 23 May 2006. The renewal of the Programme and the 
issue of further Notes have been duly authorised by the funding plan resolution of the 
Executive Board dated 17 November 2023. 
Listing of Notes 
Application has been made to Euronext Amsterdam to allow Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on Euronext in Amsterdam. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Prospectus, the following documents 
will be available on Gasunie's website at www.gasunie.nl: 
(a) 
the N.V. Nederlandse Gasunie Annual Report 2022 (Dutch version), pages 114 to 
220 (inclusive) and pages 223 to 242 (inclusive), containing the publicly available 
audited consolidated financial statements and company financial statements of 
Gasunie (including the notes thereto and the independent auditor's report thereon) 
in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (available at: 
https://www.publicatiesgasunie.nl/jaarverslag-
2022/downloadenalspdf/$4497/$4496; 
(b) 
the N.V. Nederlandse Gasunie Annual Report 2023 (Dutch version), pages 86 to 209 
(inclusive) and pages 211 to 221 (inclusive), containing the publicly available audited 
consolidated financial statements and company financial statements of Gasunie 
(including the notes thereto and the independent auditor's report thereon) in respect 
of 
the 
financial 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2023 
(available 
at:  
https://www.publicatiesgasunie.nl/jaarverslag-
2023/downloadenalspdf/$10168/$10170); 
(c) 
the N.V. Nederlandse Gasunie Semi-Annual Report 2024 (Dutch version), pages 21 
to 43 (inclusive), containing the publicly available unaudited consolidated semi-
annual financial statements of Gasunie (including the notes thereto) for the six-
month 
period 
ended 
on 
30 
June 
2024 
(available 
at 
https://www.publicatiesgasunie.nl/halfjaarbericht-
2024/downloadenalspdf/$11846/$11848).

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
Intern/Internal
(d) 
the articles of association of Gasunie dated 16 July 2020 (a copy of the non-official 
English 
translation, 
as 
well 
as 
of 
the 
Dutch 
version 
available 
at 
https://www.gasunie.nl/en/organisation/investor-relations/debt-
programmes/$3514/$3533); 
(e) 
a 
copy 
of 
this 
Prospectus 
(available 
at 
https://www.gasunie.nl/en/organisation/investor-relations/debt-programmes);  
(f) 
a copy of the Agency Agreement; and 
(g) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" from the Prospectus dated 23 
December 2014, pages 36 to 59 (inclusive), from the Prospectus dated 22 February 
2016, pages 39 to 62 (inclusive), from the Prospectus dated 6 August 2018, pages 
43 to 66 (inclusive), from the Prospectus dated 16 July 2019, pages 43 to 66 
(inclusive), from the Prospectus dated 23 September 2021, pages 50 to 81 
(inclusive), from the Prospectus dated 17 June 2022, pages 51 to 82 (inclusive), and 
from the Prospectus dated 30 October 2023, pages 55 to 89, each prepared by 
Gasunie 
in 
connection 
with 
the 
Programme 
(available 
at 
https://www.gasunie.nl/en/about-gasunie/investor-relations/debt-programmes). 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Prospectus, the following documents 
can be obtained electronically by request. In order to make such a request, please write to 
ir@gasunie.nl: 
(a) 
the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and the 
Talons; and 
(b) 
any future base prospectus, prospectuses, information memoranda and 
supplements including final terms (save that a final terms relating to a Note which is 
neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area 
nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for 
inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) 
to this Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by 
reference. 
All documents available listed above can also be obtained, free of charge, in hard copy by 
sending a request to ir@gasunie.nl. 
Responsibility Statement 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and the 
Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme which will complement 
this Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect the import 
of such information. 
 
Any information from third parties has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
Intern/Internal
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the ICSDs (which are the entities in 
charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN Code for each 
Tranche of Notes allocated by the ICSDs will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If 
the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue 
JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining the price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions.  
Significant or Material Change  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of 
the Group since 30 June 2024. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Group since 
31 December 2023. 
Litigation 
Gazprom Export has as per December 2022 terminated all payments for contracted 
transportation capacity with GTS. As per 1 May 2023 GTS has withdrawn Gazprom Export´s 
shippers licence and terminated the transportation agreements. GTS has a claim for the 
contract value of the terminated agreements and is investigating the best ways to enforce 
the claim. The financial consequences of such claim will be subject to settlement in 
accordance with the tariff regulation.  
Gazprom Export has as per December 2022 also terminated its payments for contracted 
capacity with BBL Company V.O.F. As per 30 April 2023, BBL has withdrawn Gazprom 
Export´s shippers licence and terminated the transportation agreement. BBL Company 
V.O.F. has a claim for the contract value of the terminated agreements and is investigating 
the best ways to enforce the claim. 
Gazprom Export has filed proceedings at a non-competent court in Russia aiming to prevent 
GTS and BBL from litigating against Gazprom Export outside Russia. GTS and BBL do not 
accept any authority and decisions by such non-competent court.  
Except regarding the above, there have not been any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which 
Gasunie is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Prospectus which may have 
or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of 
Gasunie and/or the Group. 
Independent auditors 
 
The consolidated and company financial statements of Gasunie for the financial year ended 
31 December 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
Intern/Internal
("PwC"). PwC is located in Groningen at the Leonard Springerlaan 35 (9727 KB), The 
Netherlands. The auditor signing the auditor's report on behalf of PwC is a member of the 
Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van 
Accountants). 
PwC has issued an unqualified independent auditor's report on the consolidated and 
company only financial statements of Gasunie for the financial year ended 31 December 
2022 dated 7 March 2023.  
The consolidated and company financial statements of Gasunie for the financial year ended 
31 December 2023 have been audited by Ernst & Young Accountants LLP, who has issued 
an unqualified independent auditor's report thereon. 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP changed its legal form from LLP to B.V. as from June 29, 
2024. The registered address of EY Accountants B.V. is Boompjes 258, 3011 XZ 
Rotterdam, The Netherlands. EY Accountants B.V. is registered at the Chamber of 
Commerce of Rotterdam in The Netherlands under number 92704093. The 
registeraccountants of EY Accountants B.V. are members of the NBA (Koninklijke 
Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants - the Royal Netherlands Institute of 
Chartered Accountants). The NBA is the professional body for auditors in the Netherlands. 
The office address of the independent auditor signing the independent auditor's report on 
behalf of EY Accountants B.V. is Antonio Vivaldistraat 150, 1083 HP Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands. 
Post-issuance information 
Other than in relation to Green Bonds and/or Sustainability-Linked Notes, the Issuer does 
not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes. For 
more information in respect of Sustainability-Linked Notes issued by the Issuer, please refer 
to Condition 4(c) and the SLB Second Party Opinion. For more information in respect of 
Green Bonds issued by the Issuer, please refer to the Green Financing Framework and the 
GFF Second Party Opinion available on the following webpage: www.gasunie.nl/en/about-
gasunie/investor-relations/debt-programmes. The contents of this webpage, any Second 
Party Opinion, the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework and the Green Financing 
Framework do not form part of this Prospectus and are not incorporated by reference in it. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the 
Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued 
under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not 
limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor 
clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other 
trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates 
may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities 
(or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their 
own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
Intern/Internal
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default 
swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued 
under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of 
Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients 
that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
Intern/Internal
ISSUER 
N.V. Nederlandse Gasunie 
Concourslaan 17 
9727 KC Groningen 
The Netherlands 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer as to Dutch law 
De Brauw Blackstone Westbroek N.V. 
Burgerweeshuispad 201 
1076 GR Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
To the Dealers as to Dutch law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
Apollolaan 15 
1077 AB Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
AUDITORS 
 
To the Issuer for the year ended 31 
December 2022 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. 
Leonard Springerlaan 35 
9727 KB Groningen 
The Netherlands 
 
 
To the Issuer for the 2023 financial year 
EY Accountants B.V. 
Antonio Vivaldistraat 150 
1083 HP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
Intern/Internal
DEALERS 
 
 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge, Cedex 
France 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
 
 
ARRANGER 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands