--- Page 1 ---
12 FEBRUARY 2021 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
(incorporated as a stock corporation under the laws of the Republic of Austria; Austrian companies 
register number FN 79063 w) 
OBERBANK AG 
DEBT ISSUANCE PROGRAMME 
for the issuance of notes in bearer form and for the public offer and their admission to trading on the 
Official Market (Amtlicher Handel) of the Vienna Stock Exchange  
Under the Debt Issuance Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Prospectus"), Oberbank AG 
(the "Issuer" or "Oberbank") may from time to time issue notes in bearer form with the following ranking: (i) ordinary senior 
notes (Option I) (the "Ordinary Senior Notes"); (ii) covered bank bonds (fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen) (Option II) (the 
"Covered Bank Bonds"); (iii) subordinated notes (Option III) (the "Subordinated Notes") and (iv) ordinary senior eligible notes 
or non-preferred senior eligible notes (Option IV) (the "Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes" or "Non-Preferred Senior Eligible 
Notes", together the "Eligible Notes" and all together, the "Notes"). This Prospectus is valid for 12 months after its 
approval. The obligation by the Issuer to supplement this Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material 
mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when this Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus as defined in Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"), and is issued to update the prospectus dated 14 February 2020 as supplemented. 
Application may be made to list Notes issued under the Programme on the Official Market (Amtlicher Handel) of the Vienna 
Stock Exchange (the "Austrian Market") or to include Notes issued under the Programme in the Vienna MTF of the Vienna 
Stock Exchange (Wiener Börse) which is a multilateral trading facility (MTF) (the "Vienna MTF"), or by way of notification of this 
Prospectus to the competent authorities on any regulated market in Germany (together with the Austrian Market, the "Markets") 
or on any multilateral trading facility in any of these countries. The Official Market of the Vienna Stock Exchange is a regulated 
market for the purposes of the Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II – "MiFID II"). 
Unlisted or unincluded Notes may also be issued pursuant to this Programme. The relevant Final Terms (as defined below) in 
respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be (i) admitted to trading on one or more of the 
Markets or (ii) included in the Vienna MTF or in any other multilateral trading facility. 
This Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with Annexes 6, 14, 15, 22 and 28 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended 
and has been approved by the Austrian 
Financial Market Authority 
(Finanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde – "FMA") in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to Article 20 of the Prospectus 
Regulation in conjunction with the Austrian Capital Market Act 2019 (Kapitalmarktgesetz 2019). The Prospectus and any 
possible supplements thereto are available free of charge on the Issuer's website www .oberbank.at under the menu item 
"Investor Relations" / "Anleiheemissionen". The Issuer has requested the FMA to provide the competent authority in the Federal 
Republic of Germany with a certificate of approval attesting that this Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with 
Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer may request the FMA to provide competent authorities in additional member states within the 
European Economic Area ("EEA") with a notification. 
The Issuer may offer the Notes under this Programme publicly or non-publicly. Public offers of Notes will only be made in 
Austria and Germany or any other member states within the EEA in which this Prospectus has been notified. The Issuer 
reserves the right to offer the Notes also by way of private placements in other jurisdictions. 
The specific final terms of each issuance of Notes will be determined at the time of offering of such issuance of Notes based on 
then prevailing market conditions and will be set forth in the applicable final terms (the form of which is contained herein) (the 
"Final Terms"). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Prospectus. 
This Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, but the Issuer believes that all material and 
specific risks relating to an investment in the Notes have been described pursuant to Article 16 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Any decision to purchase the Notes should be made on a consideration of this Prospectus and including the relevant Final 
Terms and the summary of the individual issue ("Issue Specific Summary") annexed to the relevant Final Terms. 
The FMA only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of 
the Issuer and the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
Important Notice 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer to 
subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all of the parts of documents which are incorporated 
herein by reference (see the section "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
No person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained in this Prospectus in connection with the issuance or sale of the Notes and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized by the 
Issuer. Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under 
any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since 
the date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of 
any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. This Prospectus may only be used for the purposes for which it has 
been published. 
The content of this Prospectus is not to be regarded as legal, economic or tax advice. Investors shall 
in any case consult qualified experts before any investment decision in Notes. Investors shall make 
their own assessment of the legal, tax, financial and other consequences connected with purchasing 
any Notes under this Programme. 
Selling Restrictions 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer to 
inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities Act") and include Notes in 
bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. For a description of 
certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Prospectus, see the section 
"10. Subscription and Sale". 
MiFID II Product Governance 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II product 
governance" which will outline the Issuer's target market assessment in respect of the Notes and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration such target market 
assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance Rules under the Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the "MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules"), any dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise any financial intermediaries nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR Product Governance 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the Issuer's target market assessment in respect of the Notes and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. A Distributor should take into 
consideration such target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR  
Product Governance Rules, any dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such

--- Page 3 ---
3 
Notes, but otherwise any financial intermediaries nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Benchmark Regulation Statement in relation to Administrator's Registration 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or several specific 
benchmark(s), each of which is provided by an administrator. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the specific benchmark(s) are not yet determined. The Final Terms 
may set out the name of the specific benchmark(s) and the relevant administrator. In such a case they 
will further specify if the relevant administrator appears or does not appear on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the 
"Benchmark Regulation"). 
Tax Warning 
Prospective holders of Notes (each a "Holder") should note that the tax legislation of the investor's 
member state and of the Issuer's country of incorporation may have an impact on the income received 
from Notes. Prospective Holders should consult their tax advisers as to the relevant tax consequences 
of the ownership and disposition of Notes.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ...............................................................................5 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION ......................................................................................8 
SUPPLEMENT TO THIS PROSPECTUS ................................................................................................8 
SOURCE OF INFORMATION ..................................................................................................................9 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS ....................................................................................................9 
CONSENT TO THE USE OF PROSPECTUS .........................................................................................9 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT .......................................................................................................... 10 
1. 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................... 11 
2. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................... 32 
3. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES...................................................................... 34 
OPTION I – ORDINARY SENIOR NOTES ........................................................................................... 36 
OPTION II – COVERED BANK BONDS (FUNDIERTE BANKSCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN) ....... 100 
OPTION III – SUBORDINATED NOTES ............................................................................................. 172 
OPTION IV – ELIGIBLE NOTES ......................................................................................................... 231 
4. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................... 293 
5. 
USE OF PROCEEDS .......................................................................................................... 338 
6. 
OBERBANK AG .................................................................................................................. 339 
7. 
MANAGEMENT BOARD AND SUPERVISORY BOARD ................................................... 346 
8. 
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS ..................................................................................................... 352 
9. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS ................................................................................................... 355 
10. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .............................................................................................. 356 
11. 
GLOSSARY AND LIST OF ABBREVIATIONS ................................................................... 358

--- Page 5 ---
5 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following parts of the following 
documents which are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus and which have been filed with 
the FMA: 
Document/Heading 
Page reference in 
the relevant 
financial report 
German language version of the Audited Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2018 as included in the Annual 
Report 2018 
(the 
"Audited 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 2018")1 
 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
(Konzern-Gesamtergebnisrechnung) 
Consolidated Balance Sheet (Konzernbilanz) 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
(Konzern-Eigenkapitalveränderungsrechnung) 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
(Konzern-Kapitalflussrechnung) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
(Erläuterungen (Notes) zum Konzernabschluss) 
Auditor's Opinion (Bestätigungsvermerk) 
71 – 72 
 
73 
74 
 
75 – 76 
 
77 – 168 
 
169 – 176 
German language version of the Audited Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2019 as included in the Annual 
Report 2019 
(the 
"Audited 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 2019")1 
 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
(Konzern-Gesamtergebnisrechnung) 
Consolidated Balance Sheet (Konzernbilanz) 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
(Konzern-Eigenkapitalveränderungsrechnung) 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
(Konzern-Kapitalflussrechnung) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
(Erläuterungen (Notes) zum Konzernabschluss) 
Auditor's Opinion (Bestätigungsvermerk) 
78 – 79 
 
80 
81 
 
82 – 83 
 
84 – 172 
 
173 – 180 
 
1  
The officially signed German language versions of the Issuer's Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2018 and 
2019 are solely legally binding and definitive. For the purposes of this Prospectus the defined terms "Audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements 2018" and "Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2019" shall also include the 
English language translation of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019, respectively.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
English language translation of the Audited Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2018 (extracted from the Issuer's 
annual report 2018)2 
 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Auditor's Opinion 
71 – 72 
73 
74 
75 – 76 
77 – 168 
169 – 176 
English language translation of the Audited Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2019 (extracted from the Issuer's 
annual report 2019)2 
 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Auditor's Opinion 
78 – 79 
80 
81 
82 – 83 
84 – 172 
173 – 180 
English language translation of the Unaudited Interim 
Financial Statements of the Issuer for the third quarter 
year ended 30 September 2020 (the "Unaudited Interim 
Financial Statements as of 30 September 2020") 
 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Consolidated Balance Sheet (Bilanz) 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Explanations/Notes 
12 - 15 
16 
17 
18 
19 – 39 
For the avoidance of doubt, such parts of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2019 and 
2018, respectively, as well as of the Unaudited Interim Financial Statements as of 30 September 2020 
which are not explicitly listed in the tables above, are not incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus as these parts are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in this 
Prospectus.Any information not listed above but included in the documents incorporated by reference 
is given for information purposes only. 
Such parts of the documents which are explicitly listed above shall be deemed to be incorporated in, 
and form part of this Prospectus, save that any statement contained in such a document shall be 
deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained in this Prospectus modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so 
modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Prospectus. 
Furthermore, this Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with each set of Final 
Terms relating to any Notes that are offered under the Programme at the time of this Prospectus which 
 
2  
The English language translations of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019 are not legally binding and are incorporated into this Prospectus by 
reference for convenience purposes only.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
has been previously filed with the FMA and/or the notification office (Meldestelle) of the Austrian 
Control Bank (Oesterreichische Kontrollbank AG). The following sections of the following base 
prospectus relating to the Programme, which has been previously published, are incorporated by 
reference into this Prospectus: 
Base Prospectus/Section 
Page reference in the 
base prospectus 
The base prospectus dated 14 February 2020 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
31 – 282 
Form of Final Terms as far as the Final Terms are 
required for completing the terms and conditions of the 
Notes, provided that on the first page of the Form of 
Final Terms the reference "14.02.2020" shall be 
replaced by "12.2.2021" 
283 – 326 
For the avoidance of doubt, such parts of the above listed previously published base prospectus 
relating to the Programme which are not explicitly listed in the tables above, are not incorporated by 
reference into this Prospectus as these parts are either not relevant for the investor or covered 
elsewhere in this Prospectus. Any information not listed above but included in the base prospectus 
incorporated by reference is given for information purposes only. 
Under this Prospectus, the Issuer may also offer notes which have been issued under the base 
prospectus dated 14 February 2020. Such notes may include all notes: (a) for which either (i) the first 
day of the subscription period; or (ii) the issue date is after 14 February 2020; and (b) which have not 
already been redeemed or cancelled or otherwise repaid by the Issuer. 
The documents incorporated by reference mentioned above can be inspected at the Issuer’s seat 
Untere Donaulände 28, 4020 Linz, Austria, during usual business hours and copies are available free 
of charge (in the department "Secretariat and Communication") and on the Issuer's website under the 
section "Investor Relations" under the subsections "Kennzahlen und Berichte" or "Anleiheemissionen", 
respectively.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
Electronic versions of the following documents will be available on the Issuer's website under 
www .oberbank.at (see also the links set out below in brackets): 
(i) 
the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2018 incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus 
(www.oberbank.at/documents/20195/559187/irglobal_k_gb18.pdf); 
(ii) 
the English language translation of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2018 (extracted from the Issuer's annual report 2018) 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus 
 
(www.oberbank.at/documents/20195/559187/irglobal_k_gb18_eng.pdf); 
(iii) 
the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2019 incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus 
(www.oberbank.at/documents/20195/559187/irglobal_k_gb19.pdf); 
(iv) 
the English language translation of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (extracted from the Issuer's annual report 2019) 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus 
 
(www.oberbank.at/docs/irglobal_k_gj19_eng.pdf); 
(v) 
the Unaudited Interim Financial Statements as of 30 September 2020 incorporated by reference 
into this Prospectus 
 
(www.oberbank.at/docs/irglobal_k_320.pdf); 
(vi) 
the base prospectus dated 14 February 2020 incorporated by reference into this Prospectus 
 
(www.oberbank.at/documents/20373/28034/wp_Basisprospekt2020.pdf) 
(vii) 
each set of Final Terms for Notes that are publicly offered or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market  
(www .oberbank.at/anleihen);  
(viii)  a copy of this Prospectus and any supplement to this Prospectus 
(www.oberbank.at/documents/20373/28034/wp_Basisprospekt2021.pdf)  
 
(www .oberbank.at/anleihen); and  
(ix)  
the Issuer's articles of association  
(www .oberbank.at/corporate-governance). 
For the life of this Prospectus the document mentioned above under item (ix) will be available during 
usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) for 
inspection at the registered office of the Issuer (Untere Donaulände 28, 4020 Linz, Austria). Copies of 
the document mentioned above under item (ix) will be handed out to investors free of charge. 
SUPPLEMENT TO THIS PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer is obliged by the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, that if at any time during the 
duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information contained in this Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes 
and which arises or is noted between the time when this Prospectus is approved and the final closing 
of an offer of such Notes to the public or, as the case may be, the time when trading on a regulated 
market begins, whichever occurs later, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Prospectus or 
publish a replacement Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and 
shall supply to the FMA and the stock exchange operating the Markets such number of copies of such 
supplement or replacement hereto as relevant applicable legislation require.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
SOURCE OF INFORMATION 
Unless otherwise stated, statistical and other data provided in this Prospectus has been extracted from 
the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2019 as well as the Unaudited Interim Financial 
Statements as of 30 September 2020. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by such 
sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a 
statement that does not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or 
forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These 
forward-looking statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "anticipate", 
"believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" and 
similar terms and phrases, including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to 
statements in this Prospectus containing information on future earning capacity, plans and 
expectations regarding the Issuer's business and management, its growth and profitability, and 
general economic and regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it. Forward-looking 
statements in this Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the Issuer 
makes to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to 
risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, including the Issuer's 
financial condition and results of operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results 
that have expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. 
The Issuer's business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a 
forward-looking statement, estimate or prediction in this Prospectus to become inaccurate. 
Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to read the following sections of this Prospectus: "Risk 
Factors" and "Oberbank AG". These sections include more detailed descriptions of factors than 
the ones contained in this section that might have an impact on the Issuer's business and the 
markets in which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions as well as future events described in this 
Prospectus may not occur. In addition, the Issuer assumes no obligation, except as required by 
law, to update any forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to 
actual events or developments. 
CONSENT TO THE USE OF PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer may grant its individual consent and/or general consent to the use of this Prospectus for 
certain jurisdictions (for Austria and/or Germany) or may not give such consent at all, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
If no consent is given, financial intermediaries are not allowed to use this Prospectus with respect to 
any Notes issued thereunder.  
If the Issuer grants its individual consent, the Issuer offers to certain financial intermediaries (individual 
consent) to conclude an agreement for the use of this Prospectus and any possible supplements 
thereto for the subsequent resale or final placement of Notes (distribution actions). Such agreement 
will be concluded with each relevant financial intermediary by carrying out the first distribution action 
(factual acceptance). Any financial intermediary to whom such offer is made shall be named in the 
Final Terms together with the jurisdictions such individual consent applies to. 
The Issuer further reserves the option to give a general consent to all credit institutions as financial 
intermediaries which are licensed according to the Directive 2013/36/EU, as amended (Capital 
Requirements Directive IV – "CRD IV") in an EEA member state and are authorized to conduct 
securities issuances business or the distribution of notes to the use of this Prospectus with respect to 
certain individual issuances under this Prospectus. The Final Terms shall specify the jurisdictions such 
general consent will apply to. 
If an individual or general consent is given, the following applies: 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the content of this Prospectus with respect to subsequent resale 
or final placement of Notes by any financial intermediary which has been given consent to use this

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Prospectus. However, the Issuer does not accept any liability for actions or omissions of such financial 
intermediaries. This consent is given until the end of the validity of this Prospectus and only for such 
jurisdictions as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The offer period upon which subsequent resale 
or final placement of the Notes by financial intermediaries can be made will be specified in the Final 
Terms. The Issuer reserves the right to rescind the consent at any time in its sole discretion. Any other 
clear and objective conditions attached to the consent which are relevant for the use of the 
Prospectus, if applicable, will be specified in the Final Terms. This consent explicitly does not exempt 
from complying with applicable sales restrictions and with all applicable provisions of the respective 
offer, as well as from assessing the target market and the appropriate distribution channels with 
respect to the Notes according to MiFID II or UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, respectively, by 
taking into account the Issuer’s specifications thereto. A financial intermediary is not exempt from 
complying with any provisions applicable to the financial intermediary. The Issuer may revoke the 
above with immediate effect without giving any reasons. 
In case the Issuer does not give a general consent to the use of this Prospectus, any new information 
with respect to financial intermediaries unknown at the time of the approval of the Prospectus will be 
published on the Issuers website (www .oberbank.at under the sections "Investor Relations" / 
"Anleiheemissionen"). 
In the event of an offer being made by a financial intermediary, such financial intermediary will 
provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the offer at the time the offer is 
made. 
In case the Issuer gives a general consent to the use of this Prospectus, the following applies: 
Any financial intermediary using this Prospectus has to state on its website that it uses the 
Prospectus in accordance with the consent and the conditions attached thereto. 
The relevant Final Terms of each Note will specify whether the Issuer gives its individual consent or 
general consent to the use of this Prospectus or no such consent at all. 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Oberbank, with its registered office in Untere Donaulände 28, 4020 Linz, Austria, is solely responsible 
for the information contained in this Prospectus and declares that, having taken all reasonable care to 
ensure that such is the case, the information contained in the Prospectus is, to the best of its 
knowledge, in accordance with the facts and that the Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its 
import.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
1. RISK FACTORS 
The following is a disclosure of risk factors that are material for the Issuer, the Oberbank Group (as 
defined below) and the Notes issued under the Programme in order to assess the market risk 
associated with these Notes. Prospective investors should consider these risk factors before deciding 
to purchase Notes issued under the Programme, especially since in certain cases the investor may 
lose its entire investment or parts of it. 
Prospective investors should consider all information provided in this Prospectus and consult with their 
own professional advisers (including their financial, accounting, legal and tax advisers) if they consider 
it necessary. In addition, investors should be aware that the risks described may combine and thus 
intensify one another. 
The following is a disclosure of risks that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfill its obligations under the 
Notes. Prospective investors should consider these risks before deciding to purchase Notes to be 
issued under the Programme. 
The following statements are not exhaustive. Other risks of which the Issuer is currently not aware or 
which it does not consider to be material, but which may also affect the Issuer's ability to fulfill its 
obligations under the Notes may be of significance. 
1.1. RISK FACTORS REGARDING THE OBERBANK GROUP’S BUSINESS 
OPERATIONS 
A materialisation of the risk of default on agreed payments or deterioration in credit quality, 
particularly as a result of the deterioration in economic conditions, could result in credit losses 
which exceed the amount of Oberbank’s loan loss provisions and thus, could materially 
negatively affect the financial position of Oberbank. 
Credit risk is the risk of partial or complete default of agreed payments, in particular interest and/or 
principal payments, to be made by a debtor to the Oberbank Group or deterioration in the quality of 
the Issuer's loan portfolio (due to deterioration in economic conditions). Due to its business model, 
credit risk is the most significant risk for the Oberbank Group, as it exists both, for traditional banking 
products such as lending, discount and guarantee business and as counterparty risk for certain 
commercial products such as derivatives such as forward transactions, swaps, options and 
repurchase transactions as well as securities lending (repo) transactions.  
A significant proportion of the Issuer's loan portfolio consists of mortgage-backed loans. A drastic fall 
in real estate prices would jeopardize the repayment of real estate loans, or the lower real estate price 
would result in a loan default if the real estate collateral were to be realized. 
Due to Oberbank's market position as a regional bank for companies (corporate customers) in the 
core markets of Upper Austria and Salzburg, an economic crisis in this economic region would have a 
greater impact on Oberbank's credit risk than for other banks. This could lead to a deterioration in 
credit quality and an increase in non-performing loans of the Issuer. The occurrence of the credit risk 
can result in credit losses which exceed the amount of Oberbank’s loan loss provisions and could 
thus, materially negatively affect the financial position of Oberbank and accordingly, its ability to 
service its obligations under the Notes. 
Losses in value from Oberbank Group’s participations can have a negative effect on the 
Oberbank Group's net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
The investment risk for the Issuer includes potential declines of proceeds derived from dividend 
payments, the writedown and losses in divestments with respect to the Oberbank Group’s 
participations. Oberbank Group also holds investments in a few listed companies whose performance 
depends on a variety of factors that are not within the control of the Oberbank Group and can have a 
material negative effect on the valuation of Oberbank's assets. The carrying value of Oberbank's 
participations in companies valued at equity, i.e. BKS Bank AG ("BKS"), Bank für Tirol und Vorarlberg 
Aktiengesellschaft ("BTV"), voestalpine AG ("voestalpine") amounted to EUR 914.1 million as of 
31 December 2019. Due to the size of the investment (currently approx. 8% of voestalpine's share 
capital), the most material negative effect may result from the investment in voestalpine. Losses in 
value from Oberbank Group’s participations can have a negative effect on the Oberbank Group's net 
assets, financial position and results of operations.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Changes in market prices can have a material negative effect on Oberbank's assets and 
profitability. 
The conditions on the financial markets have a significant influence on the Issuer's business activities. 
Changes in market prices, particularly because of changes in interest rates, stock prices, commodity 
prices and foreign exchange rates and credit spreads can have a material negative effect on 
Oberbank. This can result in negative changes in the values of assets and derivatives in the 
Oberbank's banking and trading book. Due to the Oberbank's business model, a special form of 
market risk is interest rate risk in its banking book. Oberbank's interest rate risk results from any 
mismatch between the fixed interest rates from lending and deposit business and the fluctuations in 
the underlying market interest rates over time. The realization of market risk can have a material 
adverse effect on the Oberbank Group’s results of operations. 
The worldwide corona virus (COVID-19) pandemic may have significant effects on Oberbank 
and its clients. 
Oberbank is directly and through its clients exposed to certain risks in relation to the worldwide 
pandemic caused by the corona virus SARS-CoV-2 ("COVID-19") and the measures taken by 
sovereigns, companies and others to prevent the spread of the virus. The worldwide rapid spread of 
the COVID-19 pandemic, the interim lockdown and the resulting business restrictions and cutbacks 
have led to deterioration of financial conditions of some Oberbank's customers, in general, and certain 
businesses, e.g. air transportation, travel, tourism and oil industry, in particular. As a result, 
Oberbank's loan portfolio quality could suffer or deteriorate, and non-performing loans may increase, 
because Oberbank's customers may not, or not timely, be able to repay their loans, and/or collateral 
securing these loans may become insufficient. If the economic conditions worsen beyond the level 
foreseen, this could result in credit losses exceeding the amount of Oberbank’s loan loss provisions.  
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic and the expected economic crises, governments, central 
banks and bank regulators in countries in which Oberbank operates have already taken and are likely 
to take unexperienced state intervention measures, such as imposing payment moratoria, caps on 
interest rates and limiting or reducing legal remedies to collect amounts due, etc. to protect their 
citizens, national economies, currencies or fiscal income. Any of these or similar state intervention 
measures could have a material adverse effect on Oberbank’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations through any individual or a combination of less interest income, higher risk costs 
or higher other costs.  
Governmental measures to confine the COVID-19 pandemic may directly negatively impact 
Oberbank's business operations should its employees fall ill, be isolated or should business premises 
be locked or shut down. Also, travel restrictions, like border closures, and full or partial curfews may 
negatively affect Oberbank's operations, and may also limit Oberbank's ability to source new business 
through personal visits of customers. Any of these or similar governmental programmes/measures 
may not be sufficient to curb the negative effects for the economy and for Oberbank. 
The COVID-19 pandemic may also have a negative impact on the market value of the assets that are 
financed by Oberbank, serve as collateral for Oberbank's repayment claims and/or are included in 
Oberbank's cover pool. This is especially due to the risk of high vacancies in (or rent holidays in 
relation to) commercial properties, such as hotels, retail centers, cancellation of trade fairs and 
exhibitions and potential bankruptcies of tenants, sponsors, guarantors and other providers of 
collateral, which may impair the solvency of clients of Oberbank and may lead to defaults under 
financings provided by Oberbank.  
Furthermore, the COVID-19 pandemic might lead to a second wave of asset price adjustments and an 
increased volatility in stock exchange prices as well as to a rise in spreads, which might have a 
negative impact on the Issuer’s refinancing costs. 
Oberbank is exposed to the risk of losses resulting from inadequate or failed internal 
processes, systems and procedures, personnel or as a result of the occurrence of external 
events which could have a negative impact on the assets, financial and earnings position of 
the Oberbank Group. 
Operational risks for Oberbank Group comprise the risk of losses resulting from the inadequacy or 
failure of internal processes, systems and procedures, personnel or the occurrence of external events. 
These include internal risks such as theft and fraud by personnel, development and process failures, 
interruption of operations and lack of human resources as well as external risk factors such as 
property damage and fraud by customers (fraud risk). The realization of such risks can lead to 
increased costs or loss of earnings for the Oberbank Group. The Oberbank Group's business activities

--- Page 13 ---
13 
depend to a large extent on the functionality of its communication and data processing systems (IT 
systems). Malfunctions, disruptions and security gaps can lead to failures or interruptions of systems 
for customer relations, accounting, securities account management, support and/or customer 
management. Failures and interruptions of data processing/IT systems can impair the operation of the 
various business areas of the Oberbank Group and thus significantly affect the net assets, financial 
position and results of operations of the Oberbank Group. In addition, the threat from cyber risks is 
increasing. External attacks on the assets of the Oberbank or its customers can lead to a negative 
public perception of Oberbank (reputation risk) and to a negative impact on the assets, financial and 
earnings position of the Oberbank Group. 
Risk that due to the varying maturities of claims and obligations the Oberbank Group cannot 
fully or timely fulfil its current or future obligations which may result in customers withdrawing 
a large proportion of their deposits and substitution being possible only at higher costs. 
Due to the varying maturities of the Oberbank Group’s receivables and liabilities, there is a risk that 
Oberbank Group may not fully or timely meet its current and future payment obligations or will only be 
able to refinance at higher costs in the future. Due to its business model (as a universal bank), 
customer deposits account for a large proportion of Oberbank's total financing. A negative public 
perception of Oberbank (reputation risk) due to the occurrence of material risks (e.g. credit risk, cyber 
risk) may result in customers withdrawing a large proportion of their deposits and substitution being 
possible only at higher costs. This may negatively affect Oberbank's ability to service its obligations 
under the Notes. 
Risk that the Oberbank Group's net interest income will be negatively influenced by the interest 
rate policy of the central banks. 
A considerable part of Oberbank's operating income results from net interest income. The current low-
interest policy of the European Central Bank could lead to a decline in net interest income at the 
Oberbank Group. While interest rates in the investment area (lending and securities business) are 
falling, negative interest rates can only be passed on to a lesser extent in the deposit business. This 
could have a negative impact on the Oberbank Group's net assets, financial position and results of 
operations. 
Credit rating agencies may suspend, downgrade or withdraw a credit rating of the Issuer, and 
such action might negatively affect the refinancing conditions for the Issuer, in particular its 
access to debt capital markets. 
Oberbank has obtained a credit rating from the credit rating agency S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P"). Such credit rating is an assessment by a credit rating agency of the creditworthiness 
of the Issuer and the probability of default by the Issuer on the basis of creditworthiness criteria. Public 
external ratings are capable of influencing the reputation of rated debtors or triggering purchase or 
sale decisions by private or institutional investors. A credit rating agency may suspend, downgrade or 
withdraw a credit rating. A credit rating may also be suspended or withdrawn if the Issuer terminates 
the agreement with the credit rating agency concerned or determines that it would not be in its interest 
to continue to provide financial information to a credit rating agency. A deterioration in the economic 
circumstances of the Issuer (e.g. financial, liquidity or earnings situation) may result in a change in the 
credit rating of the Issuer. A downgrade of the credit rating of Oberbank may have a negative impact 
on Oberbank's credit spreads. Any increase in credit spreads causes higher refinancing costs and 
may have a material negative impact on the Oberbank Group's earnings position.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
1.2. RISK FACTORS REGARDING THE LEGAL FRAMEWORK 
Oberbank is exposed to the risk of increased expenses due to changes in legal regulations or 
changes in their interpretation, in particular with regard to labour, social, consumer protection, 
tax, pension law and accounting principles. 
In addition to banking regulation provisions, the Issuer must comply with a series of European and 
national regulations, in particular with regard to labour, social, tax, and pension law. These legal 
regulations continue to evolve, as does their interpretation by courts and administrative authorities. 
Changes in the area of consumer protection can have a negative effect on commissions which the 
Issuer collects from its customers (in particular consumers) and, thus, may lead to lower commission 
income. 
Stability fees or special banking taxes, possible changes to or changes in the interpretation of 
international accounting standards, as well as other changes in legal regulations or their interpretation, 
can lead to increased expenses for the Issuer which can have an adverse effect on Oberbank Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operation. In particular, changes in tax law (e.g. the 
introduction of a financial transaction tax) can make potential investors less likely to invest in 
Oberbank's products, which can also have an adverse effect on Oberbank Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operation. 
If the Issuer will be required to bear material amounts of additional expenses due to changes in legal 
regulations or changes in their interpretation, in particular with regard to labour, social, consumer 
protection, tax, pension law and accounting principles, this could materially negatively affect 
Oberbank's result and, accordingly, its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer is subject to a number of strict and extensive regulatory rules and requirements 
compliance with which may cause significant costs and additional effort for the Issuer and any 
breach of such rules and requirements may result in major regulatory measures and bear a 
main legal and reputational risk. 
As Austrian credit institution, the Issuer must comply with a number of regulatory rules and 
requirements at all times which continuously change and become more extensive and stricter.  
▪ 
EU Banking Package and Reform of the Banking Union 
The Banking Union is a system for the supervision and resolution of credit institutions (like the 
Issuer) on EU level which is based on EU wide rules and currently consists of the Single 
Supervisory Mechanism and the Single Resolution Mechanism. 
On 7 June 2019, a legislative package for amendments of the following EU legal acts regarding 
the Banking Union ("EU Banking Package") was published in the Official Journal of the EU: 
(i) CRD IV; (ii) Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (Capital Requirements Regulation – "CRR"); 
(iii) Directive 2014/59/EU (Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive – "BRRD"); and 
(iv) Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation – "SRMR"). 
The EU Banking Package, inter alia, includes the following measures which are a specific and 
material risk to the Issuer: a net stable funding requirement; revised rules on capital 
requirements for counterparty credit risk and for exposures to central counterparties; a revised 
Pillar 2 framework; enhanced minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
("MREL") subordination rules for large banks referred to as top-tier banks; stricter conditions for 
liabilities that should constitute eligible liabilities instruments for MREL purposes; a new power 
for the resolution authority to impose moratoria; and restrictions to distributions in case of MREL 
breaches. 
The EU Banking Package entered into force on 27 June 2019. Certain amendments of the CRR 
apply already since 27 June 2019 or 28 December 2020, respectively, and those of the SRMR 
since 28 December 2020; further amendments of the CRR shall apply from 28 June 2021. The 
EU Member States shall implement the amendments of the BRRD and the CRD IV into national 
legislation by 28 December 2020. As of the date of this Prospectus, the amendments to the 
BRRD and CRD IV have not yet been implemented into national legislation in Austria. 
▪ 
Amended BCBS Standards 
On 7 December 2017 and on 14 January 2019, the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision ("BCBS") published amended standards for its international regulatory 
framework for credit institutions developed by the BCBS. Within the EU, the revised

--- Page 15 ---
15 
standards must be transposed into EU law for being applicable. These Basel III reforms, 
inter alia, include the following key measures which are a specific and material risk to the 
Issuer if transposed into EU law:  
▪ 
a revised standardised approach for the calculation of credit risks; 
▪ 
revisions to the credit valuation adjustment (CVA) framework; 
▪ 
a revised standardised approach for operational risk; 
▪ 
revisions to the measurement of the leverage ratio; and 
▪ 
the finalized revised market risk framework. 
The revised BCBS standards will (due to a deferral because of COVID-19) take effect from 1 
January 2023 and will be phased in over five years. 
On 7 December 2017, the BCBS also published a discussion paper on the regulatory treatment 
of sovereign exposures which would result in higher risk weights for certain sovereign 
exposures for the Issuer. 
In addition, on 6 August 2020, the BCBS released consultative documents on the principles for 
operational risk and operational resilience. 
Compliance with these regulatory rules and requirements, in particular including the ongoing 
monitoring and implementation of new or amended rules and regulations cause significant costs and 
additional effort for the Issuer and any (factual or even only alleged) breach of such rules and 
requirements, such as the EU Banking Package and the amended BCBS Standards, may result in 
significant regulatory measures and bear a main legal and reputational risk. Furthermore, stricter 
regulatory rules and requirements result in significant capital demand for the Issuer and/or result in 
constraints and limitations on risk related business and other business of the Issuer; the latter will 
negatively affect the income and revenues of the Issuer. 
The Issuer must comply with its applicable regulatory capital requirements at any time. 
The Issuer must comply with certain regulatory capital requirements (on an individual and consolidated 
basis) at any time: 
▪ 
In this regard, the Issuer is required to satisfy the applicable minimum capital requirements 
pursuant to Article 92 CRR (so-called "Pillar 1 requirements") at all times. This includes a 
Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET 1") capital ratio of 4.5%, a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6% and a total 
capital ratio of 8%. 
▪ 
In addition, the Issuer is required to satisfy at all times the capital requirements that are 
imposed by the FMA following the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process ("SREP") 
(so-called "Pillar 2 requirements") ("SREP add-on") in form of CET 1 capital. As of the date 
of this Prospectus, the SREP add-on determined by the FMA for the Issuer on consolidated 
basis amounts to 1.3%. In addition, the Issuer is required to satisfy the so-called "Pillar 2 
guidance". 
▪ 
Furthermore, the Issuer must to satisfy at all times the combined buffer requirement within 
the meaning of § 2(45) of the Austrian Banking Act (Bankwesengesetz – "BWG") in form of 
CET 1 capital. For the Issuer, the combined buffer requirement consists of the sum of the 
capital buffer requirement for compliance with the capital conservation buffer of 2.5%, the 
countercyclical capital buffer for relevant credit exposures in Austria of currently 0.0% 
based on the total risk exposure calculated pursuant to Article 92(3) CRR. In addition, the 
following national countercyclical buffers determined by the designated authorities of other 
member States for significant credit exposures located in their territories currently apply to 
the Issuer: 0.5% in Czech Republic and 1.0% in Slovakia. 
▪ 
Furthermore, the Issuer shall meet MREL in accordance with the Austrian Recovery and 
Resolution Act (Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgesetz – "BaSAG") / the SRMR upon request 
of the resolution authority. This MREL target shall be determined by the resolution authority 
and shall be calculated as the amount of own funds and eligible liabilities expressed as a 
percentage of the total liabilities and own funds (TLOF) or as a percentage of total risk 
exposure amount (TREA) of the institution. As of the date of this Prospectus, the MREL 
target set for the Issuer (on consolidated level) amounts to 14.25% of TLOF at consolidated

--- Page 16 ---
16 
level and 21.72% of TREA. The Issuer has to comply with this requirement as of 1 January 
2022. 
Stricter regulatory capital requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or any failure to comply with 
such requirements may result in (unscheduled) additional (quantitative or qualitative) capital 
demand for the Issuer and/or result in constraints and limitations on risk related business and 
other business of the Issuer; the latter would negatively affect the income and revenues of the 
Issuer. 
The Issuer is obliged to contribute to the Single Resolution Fund and to the deposit guarantee 
fund and such obligation may result in additional financial burden for the Issuer and may have 
negative impact on its financial position and results of operation.  
The Single Resolution Fund ("SRF") has been established by the SRMR and is composed of 
contributions by credit institutions (including the Issuer) and certain investment firms in the 
participating Member States of the Banking Union. The SRF shall be gradually built up during the 
initial period of eight years (2016 – 2023) and shall reach the target level of at least 1% of the amount 
of covered deposits of all credit institutions (including the Issuer) within the Banking Union by 31 
December 2023. 
The Issuer is a member of the Einlagensicherung AUSTRIA Ges.m.b.H. ("ESA"), the statutory 
(Austrian) deposit guarantee scheme within the meaning of the Austrian Deposit Guarantee and 
Investor Protection Act (Einlagensicherungs- und Anlegerentschädigungsgesetz – "ESAEG"). The 
ESAEG stipulates a target level of the ex ante financed deposit guarantee fund for the ESA of 0.8% of 
covered deposits which shall be fully composed by contributions of its members (including the Issuer) 
until 3 July 2024. If (in case of a crisis of a member institution) required, the Issuer may also be 
obliged to make certain (ex post) contributions to the SRF and the deposit guarantee fund. 
The Issuer's obligation to make such contributions may result in additional financial burden for the 
Issuer and may have a negative impact on its financial position and results of operation. 
If the relevant conditions are met, the resolution authority shall apply resolution actions in 
relation to the Issuer and such application could have severe negative consequences for the 
Holders up to and including a total loss of their investment. 
The BRRD and the SRMR are the main legal basis for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions 
(including the Issuer) in the Banking Union. 
If the conditions for resolution are met, the resolution authority shall take resolution actions (i.e. 
resolution tools and resolution powers) in relation to the Issuer in order to be able to exercise an 
orderly resolution, if the Issuer is failing (or likely to fail) and to preserve the financial stability. 
The conditions for resolution of the Issuer are: 
▪ 
the determination that the Issuer is failing or likely to fail has been made by the competent 
authority or the resolution authority; and 
▪ 
having regard to timing and other relevant circumstances, there is no reasonable prospect that 
any alternative private sector measures, or supervisory action, including early intervention 
measures or the write-down or conversion of relevant capital instruments and in the future also 
of eligible liabilities taken in respect of the Issuer, would prevent the failure of the Issuer within a 
reasonable timeframe; and 
▪ 
a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. 
The resolution authority has so-called resolution powers, which it may exercise individually or in any 
combination in relation to or for the preparation of the application of a resolution tool in relation to the 
Issuer. The different resolution tools are: (i) the sale of business tool; (ii) the bridge institution tool; (ii) 
the asset separation tool; and (iv) the bail-in tool. 
By applying the bail-in tool the resolution authority may write down eligible liabilities in a cascading 
contribution to loss absorption of the Issuer or convert them into instruments of ownership. Moreover, 
the resolution authority can separate the performing assets from the impaired or under-performing 
assets and transfer the shares in the Issuer or all or part of the assets of the Issuer to a private 
purchaser or a bridge institution without the consent of the shareholders.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
1.3. RISK FACTORS REGARDING THE NOTES 
Potential investors must base their decision to invest on their own assessment of the Issuer, as well as 
on the risks associated with the investment. 
The contents of this Prospectus serve as general information and cannot take into account the 
personal situation of individual investors. The content of this Prospectus is not to be understood as 
legal, economic, or tax advice, and does not suffices to inform the investor as may be required by a 
securities 
service 
provider 
under 
the 
Austrian 
Securities 
Supervision 
Act 2018 
(Wertpapieraufsichtsgesetz 2018 – "WAG 2018"). 
Each potential investor is therefore advised to consult an authorised financial advisor, tax advisor, or 
lawyer for economic, tax, and legal advice prior to investing in any Notes of the Issuer described in this 
Prospectus. 
Each investment contains certain risks of a general nature. These risks include risks associated with 
the stock market, the bond market, the currency market, interest rates, market volatility, economic and 
political risk factors, credit risks, liquidity risks, and operational risk, alone or in combination with each 
other or in connection with other risk factors. 
The Issuer considers the risks listed below to be the most significant risks associated with the Notes, 
whereby no claim to completeness is made. 
1.3.1. Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Holders are exposed to the risk of partial or total inability of the Issuer to make interest and/or 
redemption payments under the Notes. 
Holders are subject to the risk of a partial or total inability of the Issuer to make interest and/or 
redemption payments that the Issuer is obliged to make under the Notes. Any deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer would increase the risk of loss (see also above "Risk factors regarding 
the Oberbank Group's Business operation"). A materialisation of the credit risk may result in partial or 
total inability of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption payments. 
Credit ratings of Notes (if any) may not adequately reflect all risks of the investment in such 
Notes, credit rating agencies could assign unsolicited credit ratings, and credit ratings may be 
suspended, downgraded or withdrawn, all of which could have an adverse effect on the market 
price and trading price of the Notes. 
A credit rating of Notes (if any) may not adequately reflect all risks of the investment in such Notes. It 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be suspended, downgraded or 
withdrawn by the credit rating agency at any time. Furthermore, credit rating agencies could decide to 
assign credit ratings to the Notes on an unsolicited basis. Any such unsolicited credit rating, 
suspension, downgrading or withdrawal may have an adverse effect on the market price and trading 
price of the Notes. 
The Notes are not covered by any (statutory or voluntary) protection scheme. 
The Notes are not covered by the statutory protection scheme as provided pursuant to the ESAEG for 
certain deposits. In addition, no voluntary deposit guarantee scheme exists for Notes. In the event of 
the insolvency of the Issuer, investors of Notes therefore cannot rely on any (statutory or voluntary) 
protection scheme to compensate them for the loss of capital invested in the Notes and might lose 
their entire investment. 
1.3.2. Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate 
risk, interest rate risk and credit risk:  
Holders are exposed to the risk of an unfavourable development of market prices of their Notes 
which materialises if the Holder sells the Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of 
market interest rate levels, the policies of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation 
rates or the lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of instrument. The Holder is therefore 
exposed to the risk of an unfavourable development of market prices of its Notes which materialises if 
the Holder sells the Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. Notes may be issued at a price

--- Page 18 ---
18 
higher than the market price at issue and/or the redemption amount. This will increase the impact that 
unfavourable market price developments may have on the Notes. If the Holder decides to hold the 
Notes until final maturity, the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Holders assume the risk that the credit spread of the Issuer widens resulting in a decrease in 
the market price of the Notes. 
A credit spread is the margin payable by the Issuer to the Holder of an instrument as a premium for 
the assumed credit risk. Credit spreads are offered and sold as premiums on current risk-free interest 
rates or as discounts on the price. 
Factors influencing the credit spread include, among other things, the creditworthiness and credit 
rating of the Issuer, probability of default, recovery rate, remaining term to maturity of the Notes and 
obligations under any collateralisation or guarantee and declarations as to any preferred payment or 
subordination. The liquidity situation of the market, the general level of interest rates, overall economic 
developments, and the currency, in which the relevant obligation is denominated may also have a 
negative effect. 
Holders are exposed to the risk that the credit spread of the Issuer widens resulting in a decrease in 
the market price of the Notes. 
A liquid secondary market for the Notes may not develop or, if it does develop, that it will 
continue. In an illiquid market, a Holder may not be able to sell his Notes at fair market prices. 
Application may be made to list Notes issued under the Programme to any of the Markets and Notes 
may be included in multilateral trading facilities (MTF). The Programme also provides for that Notes 
may not be listed or included at all. 
Furthermore, in case of tap issues of Notes which are intended to be listed or included, such listing or 
inclusion would generally only be applied for upon the end of the subscription period which, as tap 
issues of Notes typically have a longer subscription period may lead to the fact that investors acquiring 
the Notes have to wait for a substantial period in time until they are able to dispose of their Notes in a 
market. 
Regardless of whether the Notes are listed/included or not, a liquid secondary market for the Notes 
may not develop or, if it does develop, that it will continue. The fact that the Notes may be listed or 
included does not necessarily lead to greater liquidity as compared to unlisted/non-included Notes. If 
the Notes are not listed on any stock exchange or included in any multilateral trading facility, pricing 
information for such Notes may, however, be more difficult to obtain, which may adversely affect the 
liquidity of the Notes. In an illiquid market, a Holder might not be able to sell its Notes at any time at 
fair market prices or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that 
have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or 
strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of 
investors. Generally, these types of Notes would have a more limited secondary market and more 
price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a material adverse effect on the 
market price of Notes. The possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be restricted by country-
specific reasons. 
There is a risk that trading in the Notes or underlyings will be suspended, interrupted or 
terminated, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of such Notes. 
If the Notes are listed on or included in trading (both "listed" or the "listing") in one or more of the 
Markets (which may be regulated or unregulated), the listing of such Notes may – depending on the 
rules applicable to such stock exchange - be suspended or interrupted by the respective stock 
exchange or a competent regulatory authority upon the occurrence of a number of reasons, including 
violation of price limits, breach of statutory provisions, occurrence of operational problems of the stock 
exchange or generally if deemed required in order to secure a functioning market or to safeguard the 
interests of Holders. Furthermore, trading in the Notes may be terminated, either upon decision of the 
stock exchange, a regulatory authority or upon application by the Issuer. Where trading in an 
underlying of the Notes is suspended, interrupted or terminated, trading in the respective Notes will 
usually also be suspended, interrupted or terminated and existing orders for the sale or purchase of 
such Notes will usually be cancelled. The Issuer has no influence on trading suspension or 
interruptions (other than where trading in the Notes is terminated upon the Issuer's decision) and that 
Holders in any event must bear the risks connected therewith. In particular, Holders may not be able to

--- Page 19 ---
19 
sell their Notes where trading is suspended, interrupted or terminated, and the stock exchange 
quotations of such Notes may not adequately reflect the market price of such Notes. Furthermore, a 
trading suspension, interruption or termination of underlyings of the Notes may cause a suspension, 
interruption or termination of trading in the Notes and may as well result in an artificial or wrong 
valuation of the Notes. Finally, even if trading in Notes or underlyings is suspended, interrupted or 
terminated, such measures may neither be sufficient nor adequate nor in time to prevent price 
disruptions or to safeguard the Holders' interests; for example, where trading in Notes is suspended 
after price-sensitive information relating to such Notes has been published, the market price of such 
Notes may already have been adversely affected. All these risks would, if they materialise, have a 
material adverse effect on the Holders. 
Exchange rate risks may occur, if a Holder's financial activities are denominated in a currency 
or currency unit other than the Specified Currency in which the Issuer will make principal and 
interest payments. Furthermore, government and monetary authorities may impose exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if a Holder's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit ("Holder's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Holder's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Holder's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Holder's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease: (i) the Holder's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes; (ii) the Holder's Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes; and (iii) the Holder's Currency-equivalent market price of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, Holders may receive less 
interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Incidental costs related in particular to the purchase and sale of the Notes may have a 
significant impact on the profit potential of the Notes. 
When Notes are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction fees and 
commissions) may be incurred in addition to the purchase or sale price of the Notes. These incidental 
costs may significantly reduce or eliminate any profit from holding the Notes. Credit institutions may 
charge commissions which are either fixed minimum commissions or pro-rata commissions, 
depending on the order value. In addition to such costs directly related to the purchase of Notes (direct 
costs), investors must also take into account any follow-up costs (such as custody fees).  
The purchase price applicable to the Notes on a given day will often include a bid-ask spread so that 
the purchase price will be higher than the price at which Holders are able to sell any such Notes on 
that given day. 
The Issuer is exposed to conflicts of interest which might adversely affect the Holders. 
The Issuer may from time to time act in other capacities with regard to the Notes, such as calculation 
agent, which allows the Issuer to make calculations in respect of the Notes (e.g. the amount of interest 
to be paid) which are binding for the Holders. This fact could generate conflicts of interest and may 
affect the market price of the Notes. 
Employees of financial institutions such as Oberbank Group might undertake deals on their own behalf 
subject to securities laws on personal transactions and market abuse as well as statutory or internal 
compliance standards. Employees and connected parties are permitted to take part in securities 
offerings of Oberbank Group. Furthermore, when purchasing the Notes, the employee receives a 
discount from the fees. 
Despite measures taken by the Issuer to ensure compliance with applicable laws and internal 
procedures, each of the above could create a conflict with the duties owed to the Holders.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
1.3.3. Risks related to the structure of particular Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Prospectus. A number of these Notes may have 
features which contain particular risks for prospective investors. Set out below is a description of the 
most common features. 
Holders of Notes with a fixed interest rate are exposed to the risk that the market price of such 
Notes falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate. 
A holder of Notes with a fixed interest rate is exposed to the risk that the market price of such Notes 
falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of Notes with a 
fixed interest rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Notes, the 
current interest rate on the capital market for issues of the same maturity (the "market interest rate") 
typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the market price of Notes with 
a fixed interest rate also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, 
the market price of Notes with a fixed interest rate typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is 
approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the market price of 
Notes with a fixed interest rate typically increases, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal 
to the market interest rate. The same risk applies to Step-Up Notes and Step-Down Notes if the 
market interest rates in respect of comparable Notes are higher than the rates applicable to such 
Notes. 
Holders of Notes with a floating interest rate may be exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest 
rate levels which make it impossible to determine the yield of such Notes in advance and are 
exposed to the risk of uncertain interest income. 
Notes with a floating interest rate tend to be volatile investments. A holder of Notes with a floating 
interest rate is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income. 
Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the profitability of Notes with a floating 
interest rate in advance. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should 
be taken as an indication of the future development of such floating rate during the term of any 
Floating Rate Notes. 
If Notes with a floating interest rate are structured to include caps or floors (which will be indicated in 
the respective Final Terms as "Minimum Rate of Interest" or "Maximum Rate of Interest") or a factor, 
or any combination of those features or other similar related features, the market price may be more 
volatile than those for Notes with a floating interest rate that do not include these features.  
The regulation and reform of certain published rates, indices and other values or 
"benchmarks" may adversely affect the market price of such values or benchmark and 
correspondingly the return on any Notes linked to such values or benchmark. 
The interest of Notes with a floating interest rate and Notes with a fix to floating interest rate will be 
calculated by reference to one or several specific benchmark indices (each a "Benchmark" and 
together, the "Benchmarks") (including the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and the Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") or another Benchmark, each of which are provided by an 
administrator). Benchmarks are and/or will be the subject of ongoing national and international 
regulatory reform. Some of these reforms, such as the Benchmark Regulation, are already effective 
while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause an Original Reference Rate to 
perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on Notes linked to or referencing a 
Benchmark, in particular, including in any of the following circumstances: 
• 
the administrator of the relevant Original Reference Rate could lose its authorisation as an 
administrator under the Benchmark Regulation and may not be able to obtain another form of 
registration under the Benchmark Regulation; or 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the relevant Original Reference Rate could be changed in 
order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could have the 
effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level, and could impact the Notes, including calculation agent determination of the rate. 
Any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of Benchmarks could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating 
in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors

--- Page 21 ---
21 
may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to 
certain Benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead 
to the disappearance of certain Benchmarks, including EURIBOR and LIBOR. Benchmarks could also 
be discontinued entirely. If a Benchmark were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest for Notes with a floating interest rate or Notes with a fix to floating interest rate which are 
linked to such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions 
applicable to such Notes and as stipulated in the Terms and Conditions, which in the end could result 
in the same rate being applied until maturity of the Notes with a floating interest rate or a floating leg 
(in case of Notes with a fix to floating interest rate), effectively turning the floating rate of interest into a 
fixed rate of interest. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the market price 
of and return on any such Notes. 
Holders of Notes with (partly) inflation linked interest or of Zero Coupon Notes with inflation 
linked redemption on the Maturity Date bear the risk of the performance of the underlying 
index. 
The relevant interest rate of Notes with inflation linked interest for an interest period or the redemption 
amount of Zero Coupon Notes with inflation linked redemption on the Maturity Date (whereby an issue 
of such zero coupon Notes is either made below par or at par and the redemption amount is at least 
100 per cent. of the principal amount of such Zero Coupon Notes) are subject to the performance of 
the unrevised harmonised index of consumer prices of the Euro-Zone excluding Tobacco (HICP) (the 
"Index") which is calculated by the Statistical Office of the European Communities (Eurostat) (the 
"Indexsponsor") monthly. The Index is a figure that shows the changes in the prices of certain 
products contained in a sample product basket over time. The price of the Index is calculated on the 
basis of the prices of the products contained in this product basket. The composition and the 
calculation of the Index are determined by the Indexsponsor. The Issuer has no influence on the 
composition, calculation, weighting and performance of the Index. 
The performance of the Index is subject to, inter alia, the product price risk and political and general 
economic risks which may impact the prices of the products contained in the product basket. No 
conclusions may be drawn for the future performance of the Index due to the current or historical price 
of the Index. 
Holders of Notes with inflation linked interest bear in particular the risk that the interest rate fluctuates 
and thus, the amount of interest payment is uncertain or that no interest payments are made. Holders 
of Zero Coupon Notes with inflation linked redemption on the Maturity Date may bear the risk that in 
case of a negative performance of the Index they do not receive more than 100 per cent. of the 
principal amount of such Zero Coupon Notes as redemption amount. Furthermore, there is the risk for 
Holders of a negative performance of the Index components as well as a changed composition of the 
Index which may negatively impact the market price of Notes with inflation linked interest or of Zero 
Coupon Notes with inflation linked redemption on the Maturity Date. 
Notes with fix to floating interest bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate. A Holder bears the risk that after such conversion, the new interest rate may be 
lower than the then prevailing interest rates or the spread on the Notes with fix to floating 
interest may be less favourable than the then prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate 
notes relating to the same reference rate(s). 
Notes with fix to floating interest bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate. 
The conversion of the interest rate will affect the market price of the Notes. If the interest rate converts 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on such Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate notes relating to the same reference rate(s). In 
addition, the new floating rate may at any time be lower than the interest rates payable on other Notes. 
Furthermore, the risks set out above with regard to Notes with a fixed interest rate also apply in 
relation to the period for which a fixed rate of interest is being paid and the risks set out above with 
regard to Notes with a floating interest rate also apply in relation to the period for which a floating rate 
of interest is being paid.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
A Holder of Zero Coupon Notes is exposed to the risk that the market price of such Notes falls 
as a result of changes in the market interest rate. Market prices of Zero Coupon Notes are more 
volatile than market prices of Notes with a fixed interest rate and are likely to respond to a 
greater degree to market interest rate changes than interest bearing Notes with a similar 
maturity. 
Zero Coupon Notes do not pay current interest but are issued at a discount from their nominal value. 
Instead of periodical interest payments, the difference between the redemption price and the issue 
price constitutes interest income until maturity and reflects the market interest rate. A holder of Zero 
Coupon Notes is exposed to the risk that the market price of such Notes falls as a result of changes in 
the market interest rate. Market prices of Zero Coupon Notes are more volatile than market prices of 
Notes with a fixed interest rate and are likely to respond to a greater degree to market interest rate 
changes than interest bearing instruments with a similar maturity. 
In the event that any Notes are redeemed prior to their maturity, a Holder of such Notes may be 
exposed to risks, including the risk that his investment will have a lower than expected yield 
(risk of early redemption). 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Issuer may have the right to call the Notes prior to 
maturity (an optional call right) or whether the Notes will be subject to early redemption upon the 
occurrence of an event specified in the applicable Final Terms (an early redemption event). The Issuer 
will under certain circumstances have the right to early redeem the Notes if there is a change in the 
applicable tax and/or regulatory treatment of the Notes. If the Issuer redeems the Notes prior to 
maturity or the Notes are subject to early redemption due to an early redemption event, a Holder of 
such Notes is exposed to the risk that, due to early redemption, its investment will have a lower than 
expected yield. The Issuer might exercise its optional call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the 
capital markets falls, which means that the Holder may only be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in Notes with a lower yield or with a similar yield of a higher risk. 
Where the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for a right of early redemption by the Issuer 
only, Holders usually receive a higher yield on their Notes than they would if they were also granted a 
right to early redeem the Notes reflecting the higher risk of early redemption the Holders of such Notes 
are exposed to. Excluding the Holders' right to redeem Notes prior to their maturity is often a 
precondition for the Issuer being able to hedge its exposure under the Notes. Thus, without early 
redemption by Holders being excluded, the Issuer would not be able to issue Notes at all, or the Issuer 
would factor the potential hedging break costs into the redemption amount of the Notes, thus reducing 
the yield Holders receive from the Notes.  
An Austrian court could appoint a trustee for the Notes to exercise the rights and represent the 
interests of Holders on their behalf in which case the ability of Holders to pursue their rights 
under the Notes individually may be limited. 
Pursuant to the Austrian Trustee Act 1874 (Kuratorengesetz 1874) and the Austrian Trustee 
Supplemental Act 1877 (Kuratorenergänzungsgesetz 1877), a trustee (Kurator) could be appointed by 
an Austrian court upon the request of any interested party (e.g. a Holder) or upon the initiative of the 
competent court, for the purposes of representing the common interests of the Holders in matters 
concerning their collective rights. In particular, this may occur if insolvency proceedings are initiated 
against the Issuer, in connection with any amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or 
changes relating to the Issuer, or under other similar circumstances. 
Even with respect to Notes where the applicable Terms and Conditions exclude the applicability of the 
Austrian Trustee Act and the Austrian Trustee Supplemental Act, an Austrian court might reject the 
exclusion of the applicability of the Austrian Trustee Act and the Austrian Trustee Supplemental Act 
and might appoint a trustee, because the Issuer is an Austrian company. If a trustee is appointed, it 
will exercise the collective rights and represent the interests of the Holders and will be entitled to make 
statements on their behalf which shall be binding on all Holders. Where a trustee represents the 
interests of and exercises the rights of Holders, this may conflict with or otherwise adversely affect the 
interests of individual or all Holders. The role of an appointed trustee may also conflict with provisions 
of the Terms and Conditions related to majority resolutions of the Holders pursuant to the Terms and 
Conditions. On the other hand, investors should not rely on the protection afforded by the Austrian 
Trustee Act and the Austrian Trustee Supplemental Act, as its application has been excluded in the 
Terms and Conditions and an Austrian court may give effect to such disapplication.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
1.3.4. Specific Risks in connection with Ordinary Senior Notes 
Holders of the Ordinary Senior Notes are exposed to the risk of statutory loss absorption. 
The Single Resolution Mechanism shall provide the respective resolution authorities with uniform and 
effective resolution tools and resolution powers to achieve the resolution objectives. 
The conditions for resolution are: 
(a) 
the determination that the institution is failing or likely to fail has been made by the competent 
authority or the resolution authority; and 
(b) 
having regard to timing and other relevant circumstances, there is no reasonable prospect that 
any alternative private sector measures, including measures by an institutional protection 
scheme, or supervisory action, including early intervention measures or the write-down or 
conversion of relevant capital instruments taken in respect of the institution, would prevent the 
failure of the institution within a reasonable timeframe; and 
(c) 
a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. 
The main resolution tool is the bail-in tool. When applying the bail-in tool, the resolution authority shall 
exercise the write-down and conversion powers in accordance with the following sequence (also 
called "loss absorbing cascade"): (i) CET 1 items; (ii) Additional Tier 1 ("AT 1") instruments; (iii) Tier 2 
instruments; (iv) subordinated debt that is not AT 1 or Tier 2 capital; (v) unsecured claims resulting 
from debt instruments within the meaning of § 131(3) BaSAG (so-called "non-preferred senior debt 
instruments"); and (vi) the rest of bail-inable liabilities (such as the Ordinary Senior Notes) in 
accordance with the hierarchy of claims in bankruptcy proceedings, including the ranking provided for 
in § 131 BaSAG, to the extent required. 
If the bail-in tool is applied to the Issuer, the principal amount of the Ordinary Senior Notes may be 
fully or partially written down or converted into instruments of ownership. 
In case of an insolvency of the Issuer, deposits and certain other claims have a higher ranking 
than claims of the Holders the Ordinary Senior Notes. 
According to § 131 BaSAG, in bankruptcy proceedings opened over the Issuer's assets, the following 
insolvency hierarchy applies to claims of deposits and senior unsecured creditors: 
(a) 
claims of: (i) covered deposits; and (ii) deposit guarantee schemes subrogating to the 
rights and obligations of covered depositors in insolvency; 
(b) 
claims of: (i) that part of eligible deposits from natural persons and micro, small and 
medium-sized enterprises which exceeds the covered deposits; and (ii) deposits that 
would be eligible deposits from natural persons and micro, small and medium-sized 
enterprises if they are not made through branches (located outside the EU) of institutions 
established within the EU; and 
(c) 
claims of: ordinary unsecured creditors (such as any claims resulting from the Ordinary 
Senior Notes); and 
(d) 
unsecured claims resulting from debt instruments (unbesicherte Forderungen aus 
Schuldtiteln) within the meaning of § 131(3) BaSAG (so-called "non-preferred senior 
debt instruments"), i.e. debt instruments that meet the following conditions: (i) the 
original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is of at least one year; (ii) the debt 
instruments contain no embedded derivatives and are not derivatives themselves; 
(iii) the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus related 
to the issuance explicitly refer to the lower ranking under § 131(3) BaSAG. 
Therefore, in case of bankruptcy proceedings and any comparable proceedings (such as resolution 
proceedings) opened in relation to the Issuer, claims resulting from the Ordinary Senior Notes are 
junior to the claims listed in points (a) and (b). For this reason, any payments on claims resulting from 
the Ordinary Senior Notes would only be made, if and to the extent any senior ranking claims have 
been fully satisfied.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
1.3.5. Specific Risks in connection with Covered Bank Bonds 
Claims of Holders under the Covered Bank Bonds which are not covered by the respective 
cover pool may be subject to write-down or conversion into instruments of ownership upon the 
occurrence of a certain trigger event (statutory loss absorption). 
The Single Resolution Mechanism shall provide the respective resolution authorities with uniform and 
effective resolution tools and resolution powers to achieve the resolution objectives. 
The conditions for resolution are: 
(a) 
the determination that the institution is failing or likely to fail has been made by the competent 
authority or the resolution authority; and 
(b) 
having regard to timing and other relevant circumstances, there is no reasonable prospect that 
any alternative private sector measures, including measures by an institutional protection 
scheme, or supervisory action, including early intervention measures or the write-down or 
conversion of relevant capital instruments taken in respect of the institution, would prevent the 
failure of the institution within a reasonable timeframe; and 
(c) 
a resolution action is necessary in the public interest 
The main resolution tool is the bail-in tool. When applying the bail-in tool, the resolution authority shall 
exercise the write-down and conversion powers in accordance with the following sequence (also 
called "loss absorbing cascade"): (i) CET 1 items; (ii) AT 1 instruments; (iii) Tier 2 instruments; 
(iv) subordinated debt that is not AT 1 or Tier 2 capital; (v) unsecured claims resulting from debt 
instruments within the meaning of § 131(3) BaSAG (so-called "non-preferred senior debt 
instruments"); and (vi) the rest of bail-inable liabilities (such as any liabilities under the Covered Bank 
Bonds which are not covered by the relevant cover pool) in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in 
bankruptcy proceedings, including the ranking provided for in § 131 BaSAG, to the extent required. 
If the bail-in tool is applied to claims of Holders under the Covered Bank Bonds which are not covered 
by the respective cover pool, these claims may fully or partially written down or converted into 
instruments of ownership. 
In case of an insolvency of the Issuer, deposits and certain other claims have a higher ranking 
than claims of the Holders under the Covered Bank Bonds which are not covered by the 
respective cover pool. 
According to § 131 BaSAG, in bankruptcy proceedings opened over the Issuer's assets, the following 
insolvency hierarchy applies to claims of deposits and senior unsecured creditors: 
(a) 
claims of: (i) covered deposits; and (ii) deposit guarantee schemes subrogating to the 
rights and obligations of covered depositors in insolvency; 
(b) 
claims of: (i) that part of eligible deposits from natural persons and micro, small and 
medium-sized enterprises which exceeds the covered deposits; and (ii) deposits that 
would be eligible deposits from natural persons and micro, small and medium-sized 
enterprises if they are not made through branches (located outside the EU) of institutions 
established within the EU; and 
(c) 
claims of: ordinary senior unsecured creditors (such as any claims of Holders under the 
Covered Bank Bonds which are not covered by the respective cover pool); and 
(d) 
unsecured claims resulting from debt instruments (unbesicherte Forderungen aus 
Schuldtiteln) within the meaning of § 131(3) BaSAG (so-called "non-preferred senior 
debt instruments"), i.e. debt instruments that meet the following conditions: (i) the 
original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is of at least one year; (ii) the debt 
instruments contain no embedded derivatives and are not derivatives themselves; 
(iii) the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus related 
to the issuance explicitly refer to the lower ranking under § 131(3) BaSAG. 
If the respective cover pool is not sufficient to satisfy all claims of Holders under the Covered Bank 
Bonds, they may claim such amounts in case of bankruptcy proceedings opened over the assets of 
the Issuer, but only taking into the account the ranking of claims pursuant to § 131 BaSAG. Therefore, 
in case of bankruptcy proceedings opened over the assets of the Issuer, claims of Holders under the 
Covered Bank Bonds which are not covered by the respective cover pool would be junior to claims 
listed above in points (a) and (b).Therefore, they will only receive payment of such claims if and to the 
extent that their claims (which are senior to them) have been discharged in full. This insolvency

--- Page 25 ---
25 
hierarchy is also relevant for the sequence of write-down and conversion where the Issuer is placed 
under resolution. 
If the relevant Final Terms provide for an Extended Maturity Date Covered Bank Bonds may be 
redeemed after their Maturity Date. 
The relevant Final Terms may provide that their term is extended to the Extended Maturity Date if 
the Issuer notifies the Holder that the Issuer cannot redeem the outstanding aggregate principal 
amount of the relevant Covered Bank Bonds on the Maturity Date. In such instance the payment of 
the outstanding aggregate principal amount shall be postponed and, notwithstanding the statutory 
regime on acceleration and liquidation of the respective asset cover pool, shall become due and 
payable on the Extended Maturity Date, together with accrued interest, if any, to, but excluding, the 
Extended Maturity Date. In such case, interest will continue to accrue on the outstanding aggregate 
principal amount of the Covered Bank Bonds during the period from, and including, the (original) 
Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Extended Maturity Date at the relevant rate of interest set out in 
the relevant Final Terms and will be payable by the Issuer on each Interest Payment Date from, and 
excluding, the (original) Maturity Date to, and including, the Extended Maturity Date (each as set out in 
the relevant Final Terms) in accordance with the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bank 
Bonds. Thus, Holders must not expect repayment of the outstanding aggregate principal amount on 
the (original) Maturity Date of the Covered Bank Bonds and are not entitled to terminate the Covered 
Bank Bonds if the term of the Covered Bank Bonds is extended. Furthermore, Holders may receive 
lower interest payments during such extended period as the relevant applicable rate of interest may be 
lower than the (respective) rate of interest which applied in the preceding interest periods. 
The cover assets for the Covered Bank Bonds may not at all times be sufficient in order to 
cover the Issuer's obligations under the Covered Bank Bonds and/or replacement values may 
not be added in due time to the cover fund. 
Covered Bank Bonds are secured or covered (gedeckt) by assets (Vermögenswerte) which meet the 
requirements set out in the Austrian Act on Covered Bank Bonds (Gesetz betreffend fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen – "FBSchVG"). Payment claims of Holders of Covered Bank Bonds are 
collateralized through different (types of) cover pools (Deckungsstöcke) with different cover assets 
(Vermögenswerte).  
In the event of insolvency or enforcement proceedings regarding the Issuer and/ or its assets, the 
relevant cover assets are separated from the Issuer's other assets and may not be used to satisfy 
claims of creditors of the Issuer other than the Holders of Covered Bank Bonds which are covered by 
these cover assets.  
However, the cover assets of the relevant cover pool for Covered Bank Bonds may not at all times be 
sufficient in order to cover the obligations under the Covered Bank Bonds and/or replacement values 
may not be added in due time to the relevant cover pool. The relevant cover pools are managed 
separately and do not collateralize all Covered Bank Bonds, but only those, which are allocated to the 
relevant cover pool. Accordingly, investors cannot rely that the assets of the relevant cover pool, to 
which their Covered Bank Bonds are not allocated, may be used to satisfy their claims. 
Risk that changes in the rating of the mortgage cover pool may adversely affect the market 
price of Covered Bank Bonds. 
The rating of the mortgage cover pool for Covered Bank Bonds issued by an independent credit rating 
agency is an indicator of the value of the cover pool and, thus, of the Issuer's ability to meet its 
obligations under the Covered Bank Bonds. The lower the rating, the higher the credit rating agency 
estimates the risk that the Issuer may not fulfill its responsibilities. The credit rating agency can change 
or withdraw the credit rating at short notice. A change or withdrawal of the credit rating may adversely 
affect the market price of the Covered Bank Bonds with a mortgage cover pool. 
1.3.6. Specific Risks in connection with Subordinated Notes 
Holders of the Subordinated Notes are exposed to the risk of statutory loss absorption.  
The Single Resolution Mechanism shall provide the respective resolution authorities with uniform and 
effective resolution tools and resolution powers to achieve the resolution objectives. 
The conditions for resolution are: 
(a) 
the determination that the institution is failing or likely to fail has been made by the competent 
authority or the resolution authority; and

--- Page 26 ---
26 
(b) 
having regard to timing and other relevant circumstances, there is no reasonable prospect that 
any alternative private sector measures, including measures by an institutional protection 
scheme, or supervisory action, including early intervention measures or the write-down or 
conversion of relevant capital instruments taken in respect of the institution, would prevent the 
failure of the institution within a reasonable timeframe; and 
(c) 
a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. 
The main resolution tool is the bail-in tool. When applying the bail-in tool, the resolution authority shall 
exercise the write-down and conversion powers in accordance with the following sequence (also 
called "loss absorbing cascade"): (i) CET 1 items; (ii) AT 1 instruments; (iii) Tier 2 instruments (such as 
the Subordinated Notes); (iv) subordinated debt that is not AT 1 or Tier 2 capital; (v) unsecured claims 
resulting from debt instruments within the meaning of § 131(3) BaSAG (so-called "non-preferred 
senior debt instruments"); and (vi) the rest of bail-inable liabilities in accordance with the hierarchy of 
claims in bankruptcy proceedings, including the ranking provided for in § 131 BaSAG, to the extent 
required. 
If the bail-in tool is applied to the Issuer, the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes may be fully 
or partially written down or converted into instruments of ownership. 
In case of an insolvency of the Issuer, deposits and other certain claims as well as senior 
unsecured claims have a higher ranking than claims resulting from the Subordinated Notes. 
According to § 131 BaSAG, in bankruptcy proceedings opened over the Issuer's assets, the following 
insolvency hierarchy applies to claims of deposits and senior unsecured creditors: 
(a) 
claims of: (i) covered deposits; and (ii) deposit guarantee schemes subrogating to the 
rights and obligations of covered depositors in insolvency; 
(b) 
claims of: (i) that part of eligible deposits from natural persons and micro, small and 
medium-sized enterprises which exceeds the covered deposits; and (ii) deposits that 
would be eligible deposits from natural persons and micro, small and medium-sized 
enterprises if they are not made through branches (located outside the EU) of institutions 
established within the EU; 
(c) 
claims of ordinary senior unsecured creditors; and 
(d) 
unsecured claims resulting from debt instruments (unbesicherte Forderungen aus 
Schuldtiteln) within the meaning of § 131(3) BaSAG (so-called "non-preferred senior 
debt instruments"), i.e. debt instruments that meet the following conditions: (i) the 
original contractual maturity of the debt instruments is of at least one year; (ii) the debt 
instruments contain no embedded derivatives and are not derivatives themselves; 
(iii) the relevant contractual documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus related 
to the issuance explicitly refer to the lower ranking under § 131(3) BaSAG. 
Further, according to Article 48(7) BRRD which has been newly introduced by the EU Banking 
Package, EU Member States shall ensure that all claims resulting from own funds items (such as the 
Subordinated Notes and to the extent the Subordinated Notes qualify as own funds items) have, in 
bankruptcy proceedings, a lower priority ranking than any claim that does not result from an own funds 
item. The EU Member States shall adopt the relevant national provisions by 28 December 2020 and 
apply them no later than 28 December 2020. As of the date of this Prospectus, the amendments to the 
BRRD have not yet been implemented into national legislation in Austria. 
Consequently, upon entry into force of the respective Austrian provisions implementing this new 
provisions (which quite likely will also apply to existing instruments), the claims resulting from the 
Subordinated Notes will have a lower priority ranking than any claim resulting from an item which at 
the time of issuing the obligations under the Subordinated Notes is recognised as an own funds item, 
but which at the time of opening bankruptcy proceedings against the Issuer is no longer recognised as 
an own funds item. 
Therefore, in case of bankruptcy proceedings opened over the assets of the Issuer, claims of the 
Holders of Subordinated Notes would be junior to claims listed above in points (a) to (d) as well as to 
claims under any other subordinated obligations of the Issuer which, in accordance with their terms or 
pursuant to mandatory provisions of law, rank or are expressed to rank senior to the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Subordinated Notes at the relevant time. The Holders of Subordinated Notes will only 
receive payment of their claims if and to the extent that such claims (which are senior to them) have 
been discharged in full.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
The above stated insolvency hierarchy is also relevant for the sequence of write-down and conversion 
where the Issuer is placed under resolution. 
Holders of the Subordinated Notes are exposed to the risk that the Issuer may issue further 
debt instruments or incur further liabilities. 
There are no restrictions (contractual or otherwise) on the amount of (ordinary unsecured or 
subordinated) debt or other liabilities that the Issuer may (or may have to) issue, borrow and/or incur, 
ranking pari passu with or senior to the Subordinated Notes. 
Any issue of such instruments and/or any incurring such liabilities may reduce the amount recoverable 
by Holders of the Subordinated Notes upon the Issuer's insolvency. 
The Subordinated Notes do not give the right to accelerate future payments, and also may not 
be subject to set-off or any guarantee. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes do not provide for any events of default and 
Holders of the Subordinated Notes do not have the right to accelerate any future scheduled payment 
of interest (except in case of Zero Coupon Notes) or principal. 
Furthermore, the Subordinated Notes are not subject to any set off or netting arrangements that would 
undermine their capacity to absorb losses in resolution and are neither secured nor subject to a 
guarantee or any other arrangement that enhances the seniority of the claims under the Subordinated 
Notes. 
The Subordinated Notes may not be redeemed at the option of the Holders. 
Holders of the Subordinated Notes will have no rights to call for the early redemption of their 
Subordinated Notes.  
Therefore, Holders of the Subordinated Notes may be required to bear the financial risks of an 
investment in the Subordinated Notes until their final maturity. 
The Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at any time for reasons of taxation or regulatory 
reasons. 
The Issuer may at its sole discretion, early redeem the Subordinated Notes before their stated maturity 
(also before five years after the date of their issuance), at any time for reasons of taxation. 
Similarly, the Issuer may at its sole discretion, early redeem the Subordinated Notes before their 
stated maturity (also before five years after the date of their issuance), at any time for regulatory 
reasons. 
Therefore, it might occur that the Subordinated Notes are early redeemed and thus, investors will not 
be able to hold the Subordinated Notes until the stated maturity and accordingly, might not achieve the 
expected yield. 
The rights of the Issuer to early redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Notes are subject to 
the prior permission of the Competent Authority. 
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, early redeem the Subordinated Notes at any time either for tax 
or regulatory reasons. In addition, if such right is foreseen in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes, the Issuer may at its sole discretion redeem the Subordinated Notes before their 
stated maturity on a specified call redemption date. Such early redemption shall only be possible at 
least five years after the date of issuance of the first Tranche of the Series and provided that the 
conditions to redemption and repurchase are met. 
Any early redemption and any repurchase of the Subordinated Notes are subject to the prior 
permission of the Competent Authority. Under the CRR, the Competent Authority may only permit 
institutions to early redeem or repurchase Tier 2 instruments such as the Subordinated Notes if certain 
conditions are met. These conditions, as well as a number of other technical rules and standards 
relating to regulatory capital requirements applicable to the Issuer, should be taken into account by the 
Competent Authority in its assessment of whether or not to permit any early redemption or repurchase. 
It is uncertain how the Competent Authority will apply these criteria in practice and such rules and 
standards may change during the term of the Subordinated Notes. It is therefore not possible to 
assess whether, and if so, on what terms, the Competent Authority will grant its prior permission for 
any early redemption or repurchase of the Subordinated Notes.  
Furthermore, even if the Issuer would be granted the prior permission of the Competent Authority, any 
decision by the Issuer as to whether it will early redeem the Subordinated Notes will be made at the

--- Page 28 ---
28 
sole discretion of the Issuer with regard to external factors (such as the economic and market impact 
of exercising an early redemption right, regulatory capital requirements and prevailing market 
conditions). The Issuer disclaims, and investors should therefore not expect, that the Issuer will 
exercise any early redemption right in relation to the Subordinated Notes. Holders of the Subordinated 
Notes therefore may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the Subordinated Notes 
until their final maturity. 
Notwithstanding if the Issuer exercises an early redemption right in relation to Subordinated Notes with 
the prior permission of the Competent Authority Holders of Subordinated Notes are exposed to the risk 
that due to such early redemption their investments may have a different than expected yield and 
maturity. 
1.3.7. Specific Risks in connection with Eligible Notes 
Holders of the Eligible Notes are exposed to the risk of statutory loss absorption. 
The Single Resolution Mechanism shall provide the respective resolution authorities with uniform and 
effective resolution tools and resolution powers to achieve the resolution objectives. 
The conditions for resolution are: 
(a) 
the determination that the institution is failing or likely to fail has been made by the 
competent authority or the resolution authority; and 
(b) 
having regard to timing and other relevant circumstances, there is no reasonable prospect 
that any alternative private sector measures, including measures by an institutional 
protection scheme, or supervisory action, including early intervention measures or the write-
down or conversion of relevant capital instruments taken in respect of the institution, would 
prevent the failure of the institution within a reasonable timeframe; and 
(c) 
a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. 
The main resolution tool is the bail-in tool. When applying the bail-in tool, the resolution authority shall 
exercise the write-down and conversion powers in accordance with the following sequence (also 
called "loss absorbing cascade"): (i) CET 1 items; (ii) AT 1 instruments; (iii) Tier 2 instruments; 
(iv) subordinated debt that is not AT 1 or Tier 2 capital; (v) unsecured claims resulting from debt 
instruments within the meaning of § 131(3) BaSAG (so-called "non-preferred senior debt instruments", 
such as the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes); and (vi) the rest of bail-inable liabilities (such as the 
Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes) in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in bankruptcy proceedings, 
including the ranking provided for in § 131 BaSAG, to the extent required. 
Furthermore, where the Issuer meets the conditions for resolution and the resolution authority decides 
to apply a resolution tool to the Issuer, the resolution authority shall exercise the write down or 
conversion power in relation to relevant capital instruments (i.e. CET 1, AT 1 and Tier 2 instruments), 
and in the future in relation to certain eligible liabilities (such as the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible 
Notes) before applying any resolution tool (other than the bail-in tool). 
If the power of write-down or conversion of relevant capital instruments and eligible liabilities or bail-in 
tool is applied to the Issuer, the principal amount of the Eligible Notes may be fully or partially written 
down or converted into instruments of ownership, although claims of other creditors of the Issuer might 
not be affected. 
In case of an insolvency of the Issuer, deposits and certain other claims as well as potentially 
also senior unsecured claims have a higher ranking than claims resulting from the Eligible 
Notes. 
According to § 131 BaSAG, in bankruptcy proceedings opened over the Issuer's assets, the following 
insolvency hierarchy applies to deposits and senior unsecured claims: 
(a) 
claims of: (i) covered deposits; and (ii) deposit guarantee schemes subrogating to the 
rights and obligations of covered depositors in insolvency; and 
(b) 
claims of: (i) that part of eligible deposits from natural persons and micro, small and 
medium-sized enterprises which exceeds the covered deposits; and (ii) deposits that 
would be eligible deposits from natural persons, micro, small and medium-sized 
enterprises if they are not made through branches (located outside the EU) of institutions 
established within the EU; and

--- Page 29 ---
29 
(c) 
claims of: ordinary unsecured claims (such as any claims resulting from the Ordinary 
Senior Eligible Notes); and 
(d) 
unsecured claims resulting from debt instruments (unbesicherte Forderungen aus 
Schuldtiteln) within the meaning of § 131(3) BaSAG (so-called "non-preferred senior 
debt instruments" such as the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes), .i.e. debt 
instruments that meet the following conditions: (i) the original contractual maturity of the 
debt instruments is of at least one year; (ii) the debt instruments contain no embedded 
derivatives 
and 
are 
not 
derivatives 
themselves; 
(iii) the 
relevant 
contractual 
documentation and, where applicable, the prospectus related to the issuance explicitly 
refer to the lower ranking under § 131(3) BaSAG. 
Therefore, in case of bankruptcy proceedings and any comparable proceedings (such as resolution 
proceedings) opened in relation to the Issuer, claims resulting from the Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes 
are junior to the claims listed in points (a) and (b) and claims resulting from the Non-Preferred Senior 
Eligible Notes are junior to the claims listed in points (a) to (c). For this reason, any payments on 
claims resulting from the Eligible Notes would only be made, if and to the extent any senior ranking 
claims have been fully satisfied. 
Holders of the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes are exposed to the risk that the Issuer may 
issue further (senior) debt instruments or incur further (senior) liabilities. 
There are no restrictions (contractual or otherwise) on the amount of ordinary unsecured or 
subordinated debt or other liabilities that the Issuer may (or may have to) issue, borrow and/or incur, 
ranking senior to the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes. 
Any issue of such instruments and/or any incurring such liabilities may reduce the amount recoverable 
by Holders of the Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes upon the Issuer's insolvency. 
Any rights of the Issuer to early redeem or repurchase the Eligible Notes are subject to the 
prior permission of the Resolution Authority. 
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, early redeem the Eligible Notes at any time either for reasons of 
taxation or regulatory reasons (in each case if such right is foreseen in the relevant Final Terms). In 
addition, if such right is foreseen in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may at its sole discretion 
redeem the Eligible Notes before their stated maturity on a specified call redemption date. 
Any early redemption and any repurchase of the Eligible Notes is subject to the prior permission of the 
Resolution Authority. Under the CRR, the Resolution Authority may only permit institutions to early 
redeem or repurchase eligible liabilities instruments (such as the Eligible Notes) if certain conditions 
are met. These conditions, as well as a number of other technical rules and standards relating to 
regulatory capital requirements applicable to the Issuer, should be taken into account by the 
Resolution Authority in its assessment of whether or not to permit any early redemption or repurchase. 
It is uncertain how the Resolution Authority will apply these criteria in practice and such rules and 
standards may change during the maturity of the Eligible Notes. It is therefore not possible to assess 
whether, and if so, on what terms, the Resolution Authority will grant its prior permission for any early 
redemption or repurchase of the Eligible Notes. 
Furthermore, even if the Issuer would be granted the prior permission of the Resolution Authority, any 
decision by the Issuer as to whether it will early redeem the Eligible Notes will be made at the sole 
discretion of the Issuer with regard to external factors (such as the economic and market impact of 
exercising an early redemption right, regulatory capital requirements and prevailing market conditions). 
There is the risk that the Issuer will not exercise any early redemption right in relation to the Eligible 
Notes, and the Holders therefore may stay invested until the maturity date of the Eligible Notes. 
The Eligible Notes may be redeemed at the option of the a Holder (if at all) only subject to the 
prior permission of the Resolution Authority.  
If such right is foreseen in the Final Terms, Holders of the Eligible Notes will have the right to call for 
the early redemption of their Eligible Notes, provided however, only subject to certain conditions, in 
particular the prior permission of the Resolution Authority.  
Therefore, Holders of the Eligible Notes might not have an early redemption right and may be required 
to bear the financial risks of an investment in the Eligible Notes until their final maturity.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
If such right is foreseen in the Final Terms, the Eligible Notes may be redeemed at any time for 
reasons of taxation and/or regulatory reasons. 
If such right is foreseen in the Final Terms, the Issuer may at its sole discretion, early redeem the 
Eligible Notes before their stated maturity, at any time either for reasons of taxation. 
Similar, the Issuer may at its sole discretion, early redeem the Eligible Notes before their stated 
maturity, at any time for regulatory reasons. 
Therefore, potential investors should bear in mind that the Eligible Notes may be early redeemed and 
thus, investors will not be able to hold the Eligible Notes until the stated maturity and accordingly, 
might not achieve the expected yield. 
The Eligible Notes do not give the right to accelerate future payments, and also may not be 
subject to set-off or any guarantee. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Eligible Notes do not provide for any events of default and the 
Holders of the Eligible Notes do not have the right to accelerate any future scheduled payment of 
interest (except in case of Zero Coupon Notes) or principal.  
Furthermore, claims of the Issuer are not permitted to be offset or netted against payment claims of 
the Holders under the Eligible Notes which are not, and may not become secured or subject to a 
guarantee or any other arrangement that enhances the seniority of the claims under the Eligible 
Notes. 
1.3.8. Risk related to the use of proceeds 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a green bond, 
sustainable bond or social bond, such use of proceeds might not be suitable for the 
investment criteria of an investor. 
The relevant Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the 
Issuer's intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and 
activities that promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes, sustainable or social 
purposes ("ESG Projects"). In particular the use of such proceeds for any ESG Projects might not 
satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required 
to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or 
other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related 
to, any ESG Projects.  
Furthermore, there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor 
market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green" or "sustainable" or "social" or an equivalently-
labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as 
"green" or "sustainable" or "social" or such other equivalent label nor such a clear definition or 
consensus might develop over time. Accordingly, any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any 
ESG Projects might not meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", "sustainable" or 
"social" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, 
social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject 
of, or related to, any ESG Projects. Also the criteria for what constitutes an ESG Project may be 
changed from time to time. In June 2020, the Council and the European Parliament passed Regulation 
(EU) 2020/852, as amended, which establishes the criteria for determining whether an economic 
activity qualifies as environmentally sustainable. In March 2020, the Technical Expert Group on 
Sustainable Finance ("TEG"), a group of experts established by the European Commission in 2018 to 
advise on the implementation of the EC action plan on financing sustainable growth, published its final 
report on EU taxonomy guidance on how companies and financial institutions can make disclosures 
using the taxonomy, including in relation to a future European standard for sustainable bonds as 
proposed by the same expert group in 2019. Furthermore, the TEG published on 9 March 2020 their 
usability guide for the EU Green Bond Standard. The European Commission is currently exploring the 
possibility of a legislative initiative for an EU Green Bond Standard and aims to take a decision by end 
of 2020 on how to take the EU Green Bond Standard forward. 
The suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party 
(whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of 
any Notes and in particular with any ESG Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social

--- Page 31 ---
31 
and/or other criteria remains uncertain. Any such opinion may not address risks that may affect the 
market price of Notes or any project. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), such listing or admission might not satisfy, 
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any ESG Projects. 
Furthermore, the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock 
exchange or securities market to another. Any such listing or admission to trading might not be 
obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading 
might not be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
The relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any ESG Projects might not be capable 
of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule 
and that accordingly such proceeds might not be totally or partially disbursed for such ESG Projects. 
Such ESG Projects might not be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or 
outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the 
Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an event of default under the Notes. 
Also, any failure by the Issuer to provide any reporting or obtain any opinion will not constitute an 
event of default under the Notes.  
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any ESG Projects as 
aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification 
attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or 
certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to 
trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect 
on the market price of such Notes and also potentially the market price of any other Notes which are 
intended to finance ESG Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
2. GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
Consents and Approvals. The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorizations in the Republic of Austria in connection with the establishment of the 
Programme. The establishment of the Programme has been authorized by the Issuer's 
supervisory board on 25 November 2020. 
(2) 
Representation of Holders. In general, all rights attached to the Notes under the Programme 
must be asserted by the Holders or their representatives directly vis-á-vis the Issuer at its seat 
during usual business hours or in writing (registered letter is recommended) or before the 
competent courts. A representation of the Holders will not be organized by the Issuer. 
To safeguard the rights of holders of, among others, bearer notes of Austrian issuers, if their 
rights are endangered due to a lack of common representation, in particular in case of 
insolvency of an issuer, the competent court has to appoint a trustee for the relevant Holders 
pursuant to the Austrian Trustee Act 1874 (Kuratorengesetz 1874) and the Austrian Trustee 
Supplemental Act 1877 (Kuratorenergänzungsgesetz 1877) certain acts of which require court 
approval and whose competences shall be specified by the court in regard of the common 
matters of the Holders. 
In case of Covered Bank Bonds, the government commissioner has to apply by the competent 
court for the appointment of a trustee pursuant to § 2(3) FBSchVG in case he or she deems 
that the rights of the Holders of the Covered Bank Bonds are endangered. Such trustee must 
be appointed by the insolvency court in case of insolvency of the Issuer. 
(3) 
Categories of potential investors. The Issuer may offer Notes to all types of investors, 
including eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients using all available 
distribution channels taking into account requirements to conduct an appropriateness test (if 
applicable) (all as more fully set out/described in MiFID II, the MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules and the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) in any jurisdiction where the legal and 
further requirements for offering securities are fulfilled. If offers are being made simultaneously 
in the markets of two or more countries, the Issuer generally does not reserve any tranches of 
Notes for certain of these. 
(4) 
Yield. Yield means the general performance of a money or capital investment, calculated by 
the actual percentaged value increase of the invested capital. Yield is based on proceeds 
(coupon payments, dividends, realized capital gains) and the price increase of the money or 
capital investment. 
Yield (as issuance yield – determined by issue price, interest rate, interest period and 
redemption payments) can only be specified in advance in the Final Terms under the 
assumption that the Notes are held until maturity and that the interest periods, interest rate 
and redemption payments are determined in advance. 
For Notes other than Notes with a fixed interest rate, Step-up or Step-down Notes or Notes 
without periodic interest payments no yield can be calculated. Therefore, no yield will be 
stated in the Final Terms with respect to such Notes. The yield of such Notes is influenced 
substantially by the issue price, the interest periods, interest rate, any coupon payments 
during the life of the Notes, the development of the underlying and the redemption payment.  
For Notes with a fixed interest rate, Step-up or Step-down Notes or Notes without periodic 
interest payments, the yield calculated on the basis of the issue price, interest rate (if any), 
interest period and the redemption payment will be specified in the Final Terms. The specified 
yield does not take into account any taxes or additional expenses like subscription fees or 
deposit fees. 
The yield is calculated according to the internationally recognized method of the International 
Capital Market Association (ICMA). The yield is calculated by the issue price, interest rate, 
interest period and redemption payment of the relevant Notes as specified in the Final Terms. 
Thereby, the yield will be calculated by an approximation procedure with respect to the net 
present value, assuming that interest payments during the life of the Notes can be reinvested 
by the same yield.  
(5) 
Conflicting Interests. Offers under the Programme will be made in the interest of Oberbank 
as Issuer. In case individual issuances under this Programme will be placed by financial

--- Page 33 ---
33 
intermediaries or a bank syndicate (see the section "Consent to use the Prospectus"), such 
entities may receive a certain (placement) fee for their services. Other than that, the Issuer is 
not aware of any interests, including conflicting ones that are material to offers under the 
Programme. 
(6) 
Advisors, Audited Information, Expert Opinions. Other than the information under the 
section "Documents Incorporated by Reference", this Prospectus does not contain any 
information which has been audited or reviewed by statutory auditors. This Prospectus does 
neither contain any information on advisors connected with an issue nor statements or reports 
attributed to persons as experts or other information sourced from third parties. 
(7) 
Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities. The Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes do not contain any restrictions on the free transferability of the Notes. The Notes are 
freely transferable in accordance with applicable law and the applicable rules of the relevant 
clearing system. 
(8) 
Issue Price, Expenses and Taxes. Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount or premium to their nominal amount. In case of a permanent (tap) issuance 
(Daueremission) the initial offering price will be continuously adapted to market conditions and 
published on the Issuer’s website www. oberbank.at under the sections "Private Banking" / 
"Wertpapiere" / "Anleihen" under the item "Oberbank Neuemissionen". The Final Terms will 
specify the issue price relevant for each issuance. In addition to the issue price, investors may 
also be subject to certain expenses and taxes, which will also be specified in the Final Terms, 
if applicable. 
(9) 
Green Bonds, Sustainable Bonds and Social Bonds. The Issuer will provide more details 
with regard to its prospective green bond, sustainable bond or social bond issues in its green 
bond framework, sustainable bond framework or social bond framework which will be 
disclosed (i) on the website "www .oberbank.at" once the frameworks are finalised and (ii) in 
the Final Terms under "Use of Proceeds". Such green bond framework, sustainable bond 
framework or social bond framework may be updated from time to time. The green bond 
framework, sustainable bond framework or social bond framework is not, nor shall be deemed 
to be, incorporated into and/or form part of this Prospectus. 
Prior to issuances of green bonds, sustainable bonds or social bonds, the respective Issuer 
intends to mandate a recognised second party opinion provider which is a provider of 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) research and analysis. The second party opinion 
provider will evaluate the robustness and credibility of the respective Issuer’s green bond 
framework, sustainable bond framework or social bond framework and intended use of 
proceeds in terms of its alignment with relevant industry standards. On such basis, the second 
party opinion provider typically reviews the respective Issuer's green bond framework, 
sustainable bond framework or social bond framework and provides its opinion thereon. For 
the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, 
incorporated into and/or form part of this Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, 
nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell 
or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that 
opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or 
the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
3. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
Die 
Anleihebedingungen 
der 
Schuldver-
schreibungen (die "Anleihebedingungen") sind 
nachfolgend für vier Optionen aufgeführt:  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the 
"Terms and Conditions") are set forth below for 
four options: 
Option I enthält die Anleihebedingungen für 
Tranchen 
von 
Gewöhnlichen 
Nicht-
nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen. 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and 
Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes 
which are Ordinary Senior Notes. 
Option II enthält die Anleihebedingungen für 
Tranchen 
von 
Fundierten 
Bank-
schuldverschreibungen. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and 
Conditions that apply to Tranches of Covered 
Bank 
Bonds 
(Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen). 
Option III enthält die Anleihebedingungen 
für Tranchen von Nachrangigen Schuld-
verschreibungen. 
Option III comprises the set of Terms and 
Conditions 
that 
apply 
to 
Tranches 
of 
Subordinated Notes. 
Option IV enthält die Anleihebedingungen 
für Tranchen von Berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Option IV comprises the set of Terms and 
Conditions that apply to Tranches of Eligible 
Notes. 
Die Anleihebedingungen für jede dieser Optionen 
enthalten bestimmte weitere Unteroptionen, die 
unter 
Angabe 
der 
jeweiligen 
optionalen 
Bestimmungen 
durch 
Anweisungen 
und 
Anmerkungen in eckigen Klammern innerhalb der 
Option entsprechend gekennzeichnet sind. 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of 
these Options contains certain further sub-
options, which are characterised accordingly by 
indicating 
the 
respective 
optional 
provision 
through instructions and explanatory notes set 
out in square brackets within the Option. 
In 
den 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
legt 
die 
Emittentin fest, welche der Optionen I, II, III oder 
IV 
einschließlich 
bestimmter 
weiterer 
darin 
enthaltener Unteroptionen im Hinblick auf eine 
einzelne Emission von Schuldverschreibungen 
jeweils 
Anwendung 
findet, 
entweder 
durch 
Wiederholung der betreffenden Bestimmung oder 
per Verweis auf die betreffenden Optionen. 
In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, 
which of Option I, Option II, Option III or Option IV 
including certain further sub-options contained 
therein, respectively, shall apply with respect to 
an individual issue of Notes, either by replicating 
the relevant provisions or by referring to the 
relevant options. 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung 
dieses Prospekts keine Kenntnis von bestimmten 
Elementen hatte, die auf eine einzelne Emission 
von 
Schulverschreibungen 
anwendbar 
sind, 
enthält dieser Prospekt Platzhalter in eckigen 
Klammern, 
die 
die 
betreffenden 
Elemente 
einschließen. Diese Platzhalter werden in den 
Endgültigen Bedingungen ausgefüllt. 
To the extent that upon the approval of this 
Prospectus the Issuer had no knowledge of 
certain items which are applicable to an individual 
issue 
of 
Notes, 
this 
Prospectus 
contains 
placeholders set out in square brackets which 
include the relevant items that will be completed 
by the Final Terms. 
[Im Fall, dass die Optionen, die für eine 
einzelne Emission anwendbar sind, in den 
Endgültigen Bedingungen durch Verweis auf 
die relevanten Optionen bestimmt werden, die 
im Satz der Anleihebedingungen der Option I, 
Option II, Option III oder Option IV enthalten 
sind, einfügen: 
[In 
case 
the 
options 
applicable 
to 
an 
individual issue are to be determined by 
referring in the Final Terms to the relevant 
options contained in the set of Terms and 
Conditions for Option I, Option II, Option III or 
Option IV, insert: 
Die Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen 
gelten für diese Schuldverschreibungen so, wie 
sie 
durch 
die 
Angaben 
der 
beigefügten 
endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
(die 
"Endgültigen 
Bedingungen") 
vervollständigt 
werden. 
Die 
Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen gelten als durch die in den 
Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben 
The provisions of these Terms and Conditions 
apply to the Notes as completed by the terms of 
the final terms which are attached hereto (the 
"Final Terms"). The blanks in the provisions of 
these Terms and Conditions which are applicable 
to the Notes shall be deemed to be completed by 
the information contained in the Final Terms as if 
such information were inserted in the blanks of 
such provisions; alternative or optional provisions

--- Page 35 ---
35 
ausgefüllt, 
als 
ob 
die 
Leerstellen 
in 
den 
betreffenden Anleihebedingungen durch diese 
Angaben ausgefüllt wären; alternative oder 
wählbare 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen, deren Entsprechungen in 
den Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht ausgefüllt 
oder die gestrichen sind, gelten als aus diesen 
Anleihebedingungen gestrichen; und sämtliche 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen 
(einschließlich 
der 
Anweisungen, erklärenden Anmerkungen und der 
Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten als aus 
diesen Anleihebedingungen gestrichen, so dass 
die Bestimmungen der Endgültigen Bedingungen 
Geltung 
erhalten. 
Kopien 
der 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
sind 
kostenlos 
am 
Sitz 
der 
Emittentin erhältlich; bei nicht an einer Börse 
notierten Schuldverschreibungen sind Kopien der 
betreffenden Endgültigen Bedingungen allerdings 
ausschließlich 
für 
die 
Gläubiger 
solcher 
Schuldverschreibungen erhältlich.] 
of these Terms and Conditions as to which the 
corresponding provisions of the Final Terms are 
not completed or are deleted shall be deemed to 
be deleted from these Terms and Conditions; and 
all provisions of these Terms and Conditions 
which are inapplicable to the Notes (including 
instructions, explanatory notes and text set out in 
square brackets) shall be deemed to be deleted 
from these Terms and Conditions, as required to 
give effect to the terms of the Final Terms. 
Copies of the Final Terms may be obtained free 
of charge at the registered office of the Issuer 
provided that, in the case of Notes which are not 
listed on any stock exchange, copies of the 
relevant Final Terms will only be available to 
Holders of such Notes.]

--- Page 36 ---
36 
OPTION I 
OPTION I – ORDINARY SENIOR NOTES 
OPTION I – EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN FÜR 
GEWÖHNLICHE NICHT NACHRANGIGE 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN: 
OPTION I – TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR 
ORDINARY SENIOR NOTES: 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Währung, Stückelung. Diese Tranche (die 
"Tranche") von gewöhnlichen nicht nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") dieser Emission von 
[Emissionsbezeichnung einfügen] (die "Serie") 
wird von der Oberbank AG (die "Emittentin") [am 
[Begebungstag einfügen] (Einmalemission)] [ab 
dem [Erst-Begebungstag einfügen] mit offener 
Begebungsfrist (Daueremission)] in [festgelegte 
Währung 
einfügen] 
(die 
"festgelegte 
Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag von [im Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
dauernd 
angeboten und begeben werden, einfügen: bis 
zu] 
[festgelegte 
Währung 
und 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
einfügen] 
(in 
Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten einfügen]) in 
der Stückelung von [festgelegte Währung und 
festgelegte 
Stückelung 
einfügen] 
(die 
"festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
(1) Currency, Denomination. This tranche (the 
"Tranche") of ordinary senior notes (the "Notes") 
of [insert identification] (the "Series") is being 
issued by Oberbank AG (the "Issuer") [on [insert 
issue date] (single issue)] [from [insert initial 
issue date] with an open issue period (tap issue)] 
in [insert specified currency] (the "Specified 
Currency") in the aggregate principal amount of 
[in case of Notes offered and issued as tap 
issues insert: up to] [insert specified currency 
and aggregate principal amount] (in words: 
[insert aggregate principal amount in words]) 
in 
the 
denomination 
of 
[insert 
specified 
currency and specified denomination] (the 
"Specified Denomination"). 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf 
den Inhaber. 
(2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer 
form. 
(3) Dauersammelurkunde. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauersammelurkunde 
(die 
"Dauersammelurkunde" 
oder 
die 
"Sammelurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft; 
der Zinszahlungsanspruch im Zusammenhang 
mit den Schuldverschreibungen ist durch die 
Dauersammelurkunde 
mitverbrieft. 
Die 
Dauersammelurkunde wird von ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigten 
Vertretern 
der 
Emittentin 
unterschrieben. Die Dauersammelurkunde wird 
im classical global note-Format ausgegeben. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben. 
(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are 
represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note" or the "Global Note") 
without coupons; the claim for interest payments 
under the Notes is represented by the Permanent 
Global Note. The Permanent Global Note shall be 
signed by authorised representatives of the 
Issuer. The Permanent Global Note shall be 
issued in classical global note format. Definitive 
Notes and coupons will not be issued. 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Sammelurkunde wird von 
einem oder im Namen eines Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, bis sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt 
sind. "Clearingsystem" bezeichnet [bei mehr als 
einem 
Clearingsystem 
einfügen: 
jeweils] 
[OeKB 
CSD 
GmbH, 
Strauchgasse 1-3, 
1010 Wien, Österreich] [,] [und] [Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A., 
Luxemburg, 
42 Avenue 
J.F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, Großherzogtum 
Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
1 Boulevard 
du 
Roi 
Albert II, 
1210 Brüssel, 
Belgien ("Euroclear" und zusammen mit CBL, die 
"ICSDs")] [,] [und] [anderes Clearingsystem 
(4) Clearing System. The Global Note will be kept 
in custody by or on behalf of a Clearing System 
until all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes 
have been satisfied. "Clearing System" means 
[if more than one Clearing System insert: each 
of] 
[OeKB 
CSD 
GmbH, 
Strauchgasse 1-3, 
1010 Vienna, Austria] [,] [and] [Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A., 
Luxembourg, 
42 Avenue 
J.F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, 
Belgium ("Euroclear" and, together with CBL, the 
"ICSDs")] [,] [and] [specify other Clearing 
System] and any successor in such capacity. The

--- Page 37 ---
37 
angeben] und jeden Funktionsnachfolger. Die 
Sammelurkunde wird auf die Dauer der Laufzeit 
der Schuldverschreibungen beim Clearingsystem 
als Wertpapiersammelbank hinterlegt. 
Global Note is kept in custody by the Clearing 
System as central depository for securities 
(Wertpapiersammelbank) for the period of the 
Notes. 
(5) Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Gläubiger" 
bezeichnet 
jeden 
Inhaber 
von 
Miteigentumsanteilen 
oder 
anderen 
vergleichbaren Rechten an der Sammelurkunde, 
die in Übereinstimmung mit den Bestimmungen 
des Clearingsystems auf einen neuen Gläubiger 
übertragen werden können. 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder 
of 
a 
proportionate 
co-ownership 
or 
other 
comparable right in the Global Note which may be 
transferred to a new Holder in accordance with 
the provisions of the Clearing System.  
(6) Geschäftstag. 
"Geschäftstag" 
bezeichnet 
einen Kalendertag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), 
an 
dem 
Geschäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte in Linz, Österreich, Zahlungen 
abwickeln 
und 
für 
den 
allgemeinen 
Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich des Handels in 
Devisen und Fremdwährungseinlagen) geöffnet 
sind und das Trans-European Automated Real-
time 
Gross 
Settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
System 2 
oder 
dessen 
Nachfolgesystem 
("TARGET") geöffnet ist. 
(6) Business Day. "Business Day" means a 
calendar day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in Linz, Austria, 
and the Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 or 
its successor ("TARGET") is open. 
§ 2 
STATUS 
§ 2 
STATUS 
(1) Status. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begründen direkte, nicht besicherte und nicht 
nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die 
in 
einem 
regulären 
Insolvenzverfahren 
(Konkursverfahren) oder einer Liquidation der 
Emittentin untereinander und mit allen anderen 
nicht 
besicherten 
und 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Instrumenten 
oder 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin gleichrangig sind mit Ausnahme von 
Instrumenten oder Verbindlichkeiten, die nach 
geltenden 
Rechtsvorschriften 
vorrangig 
oder 
nachrangig sind. 
(1) Status. The obligations under the Notes 
constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking in the event of 
normal 
insolvency 
proceedings 
(bankruptcy 
proceedings) or liquidation of the Issuer pari 
passu among themselves and pari passu with all 
other unsecured and unsubordinated instruments 
or obligations of the Issuer except for any 
instruments 
or 
obligations 
preferred 
or 
subordinated by law. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit einem 
festen 
Zinssatz, 
Stufenzinsschuldverschreibungen, 
Schuldverschreibungen mit einem variablen 
Zinssatz, Schuldverschreibungen mit einem 
inflationsabhängigen Zinssatz, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a fixed interest rate, 
Step-up or Step-down Notes, Notes with 
floating interest rate, Notes with inflation 
linked interest rate, insert: 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit einem 
festen Zinssatz einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a fixed interest rate 
insert: 
(1) Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
ihres 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 (1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich) mit [Zinssatz einfügen]% per 
annum.] 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. 
The Notes shall bear interest on their outstanding 
aggregate principal amount at the rate of [insert 
the rate of interest] per cent. per annum from, 
and including, [insert Interest Commencement 
Date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to, 
but excluding, the Maturity Date (as defined in 
§ 5 (1)).]

--- Page 38 ---
38 
[Im Fall von Stufenzinsschuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: 
[In case of Step-up or Step-down Notes insert: 
(1) Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
ihres 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 (1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich) wie folgt: 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. 
The Notes shall bear interest on their outstanding 
aggregate principal amount from, and including, 
[insert Interest Commencement Date] (the 
"Interest 
Commencement 
Date") 
to, 
but 
excluding, the Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)) 
as follows: 
vom 
(einschließli
ch) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
mit 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
(einschließ-
lich 
des 
Fälligkeits-
tags 
und 
des 
Erweiterten 
Fälligkeitst
ags 
(falls 
anwendbar)
) einfügen] 
[Zinssatz 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
from, and 
including, 
to, but 
excluding, 
at the rate of 
[insert date] 
[insert date 
(including 
the Maturity 
Date 
and 
the 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date 
(if 
applicable))
] 
[insert Rate 
of 
Interest] per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
 
] 
] 
[Im Fall einer kurzen oder langen ersten oder 
letzten Zinsperiode einfügen: Mit Ausnahme 
der 
[ersten] 
[Nur 
im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, deren Laufzeit nicht 
verlängert werden kann, einfügen: letzten] 
Zinszahlung sind die Zinsen] [Im Fall von 
ausschließlich 
regulären 
Zinszahlungen 
einfügen: Die Zinsen sind] [im Fall von 
vierteljährlichen 
Zinszahlungen 
einfügen: 
vierteljährlich] [im Fall von halbjährlichen 
Zinszahlungen einfügen: halbjährlich] [im Fall 
von 
jährlichen 
Zinszahlungen 
einfügen: 
jährlich] nachträglich am [Zinszahlungstage 
einfügen] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar (jeweils ein 
"Zinszahlungstag"), beginnend mit dem [ersten 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen] und endend mit dem 
[letzten 
Zinszahlungstag 
einfügen]. 
Die 
Zinszahlungstage unterliegen einer Anpassung in 
Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 (3) enthaltenen 
Bestimmungen.] 
[In case of a short or long first or last interest 
period insert: With the exception of the [first] 
[Insert only in case of Notes, whose term may 
not be extended: last] payment of interest, 
interest] [In case of Notes which have only 
regular interest payments insert: Interest] shall 
be payable [in case of quarterly interest 
payments insert: quarterly] [in case of semi-
annual interest payments insert: semi-annually] 
[in case of annual interest payments insert: 
annually] in arrear on [insert Interest Payment 
Dates] in each year (each such date, an "Interest 
Payment Date"), commencing on [insert first 
Interest Payment Date] and ending on [insert 
last Interest Payment Date]. Interest Payment 
Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the provisions set out in § 4 (3).] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit einem 
variablen Zinssatz einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a floating interest rate 
insert: 
(1) Zinssatz. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
ihres 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 (1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich).  
(1) Rate of Interest. The Notes shall bear interest 
on their outstanding aggregate principal amount 
from, 
and 
including, 
[insert 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest 
Commencement Date") to, but excluding, the 
Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)).

--- Page 39 ---
39 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an 
einen 
Referenzzinssatz 
gebunden 
sind, 
einfügen: 
[In case of Notes linked to a Reference 
Interest Rate, insert: 
[Falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode 
(wie nachstehend definiert) ist der Relevante 
Referenzsatz (wie nachstehend definiert) [im Fall 
einer Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [/] [abzüglich] 
der Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)] [im Fall 
eines Faktors einfügen: [und] multipliziert mit 
dem Faktor [Faktor einfügen]]. 
[In case interpolation applies, insert: The rate 
of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each 
Interest Period (as defined below) shall be the 
Relevant Reference Rate (as defined below) [in 
case of a Margin insert: [plus] [/] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)] [in case of a Factor 
insert: [and] multiplied by the factor [insert 
Factor]]. 
"Relevanter Referenzsatz" bezeichnet, sofern 
nachstehend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, 
mit Bezug auf: (i) die [maßgebliche kurze oder 
lange erste oder letzte Zinsperiode einfügen] 
(die "Interpolierte Zinsperiode") den durch 
lineare Interpolation zwischen dem verfügbaren 
Referenzzinssatz (wie nachstehend definiert) mit 
der im Verhältnis zur Laufzeit der Interpolierten 
Zinsperiode nächst kürzeren Laufzeit und dem 
verfügbaren 
Referenzzinssatz 
mit 
der 
im 
Verhältnis zur Interpolierten Zinsperiode nächst 
längeren 
Laufzeit; 
und 
(ii) alle 
anderen 
Zinsperioden 
den 
[Zahl, 
Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzzinssatzes einfügen, der auf alle 
Zinsperioden 
anwendbar 
ist, 
auf 
die 
Interpolation 
nicht 
anwendbar 
ist] 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
(zusammen 
mit 
den 
Referenzzinsätzen 
für 
die 
Interpolierte 
Zinsperiode die "Referenzzinssätze" und je ein 
"Referenzzinssatz"), jeweils als Prozentsatz per 
annum ausgedrückt. 
"Relevant Reference Rate" means, except as 
provided below, in respect of: (i) the [insert 
relevant short or long first or last interest 
period] (the "Interpolated Interest Period") the 
rate determined by straight-line interpolation 
between the available Reference Interest Rate 
(as defined below) with the next shorter term than 
the term of the Interpolated Interest Period and 
the available Reference Interest Rate with the 
next longer term than the term of the Interpolated 
Interest Period; and (ii) all other Interest Periods 
the [insert number, term and name of the 
relevant Reference Interest Rate which shall 
apply 
to 
all 
Interest 
Periods 
to 
which 
interpolation shall not apply] (as defined below) 
(together with the reference interest rates for the 
Interpolated Interest Period the "Reference 
Interest Rates" and each a "Reference Interest 
Rate"), in each case expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum. 
Bei dem relevanten Referenzzinssatz handelt es 
sich jeweils um den Angebotssatz für Einlagen in 
der festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die 
der Laufzeit des relevanten Referenzzinssatzes 
entspricht, der auf der Bildschirmseite (wie 
nachstehend definiert) am Feststellungstag (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
gegen 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) angezeigt 
wird, 
wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) angegeben) 
erfolgen.] 
The relevant Reference Interest Rate shall be in 
each case the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified 
Currency 
with 
a 
term, 
which 
corresponds with the term of the relevant 
Reference Interest Rate, which appears on the 
Screen Page (as defined below) as of [insert 
relevant 
time] 
([insert 
relevant 
financial 
centre] time) on the Determination Day (as 
defined below), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (as specified in § 6 (1).] 
[Falls 
Interpolation 
nicht 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist der 
Referenzzinssatz (wie nachstehend definiert), [im 
Fall einer Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [/] 
[abzüglich] 
der 
Marge 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert)] [im Fall eines Faktors einfügen: [und] 
multipliziert mit dem Faktor [Faktor einfügen]]. 
[In case interpolation does not apply, insert: 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for 
each Interest Period (as defined below) shall be 
the Reference Interest Rate (as defined below), 
[in case of a Margin insert: [plus] [/] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)] [in case of a Factor 
insert: [and] multiplied by the factor [insert 
Factor]]. 
"Referenzzinssatz" 
bezeichnet, 
sofern 
nachstehend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, 
den [Zahl, Laufzeit und Bezeichnung des 
relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen] (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert), 
ausgedrückt 
als 
"Reference Interest Rate" means, except as 
provided below, the [insert number, term and 
name of the relevant Reference Interest Rate] 
(as defined below), expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
Prozentsatz per annum. 
Bei dem [Zahl, Laufzeit und Bezeichnung des 
relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen] handelt 
es sich um den Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der 
festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die der 
Laufzeit des Referenzzinssatzes entspricht, der 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) am Feststellungstag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) gegen [relevante Tageszeit einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Ortszeit) angezeigt wird, wobei alle Festlegungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) 
angegeben) erfolgen.] 
The [insert number, term and name of the 
relevant Reference Interest Rate] shall be the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency 
with a term, which corresponds with the term of 
the Reference Interest Rate, which appears on 
the Screen Page (as defined below) as of [insert 
relevant 
time] 
([insert 
relevant 
financial 
centre] time) on the Determination Day (as 
defined below), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (as specified in § 6 (1)).] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich nicht ändert, einfügen: 
Die "Marge" beträgt [Satz einfügen]% per 
annum.] 
[In case of Notes which have a margin which 
does not change, insert: "Margin" means 
[insert rate] per cent. per annum.] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich ändert, einfügen: Die 
"Marge" beträgt für die Zinsperiode[n] 
[in case of Notes which have a margin which 
changes, insert: "Margin" means in respect of 
the Interest Period[s] 
vom 
(einschließlic
h) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[zuzüglich] 
[/] 
[abzüglich] 
[Marge 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
] 
from, 
and 
including, 
to, 
but 
excluding, 
 
 
[insert date] 
[insert 
date] 
[plus] [/] 
[minus] 
[insert 
Margin] per 
cent. per 
annum 
] 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
jeweils 
darauf 
folgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich).  
"Interest Period" means each period from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date to, 
but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date and 
from, and including, each Interest Payment Date 
to, but excluding, the following Interest Payment 
Date.  
"Feststellungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[ersten] 
[zweiten] 
[andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen einfügen] Geschäftstag [vor 
[Beginn] [Ende]] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.  
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] 
[insert other relevant number of Business 
Days] 
Business 
Day 
[prior 
to 
the 
[commencement] [end]] of the relevant Interest 
Period.  
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
oder 
die 
Nachfolgeseite, 
die 
von 
dem 
gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für 
die 
Anzeige 
des 
[falls 
Interpolation 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
relevanten] 
Referenzzinssatzes benannt wird, angezeigt wird. 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen 
Page] or the successor page displayed by the 
same 
information 
provider 
or 
any 
other 
information provider nominated by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement information provider for 
the 
purposes 
of 
displaying 
the 
[in 
case 
interpolation 
applies, 
insert: 
relevant] 
Reference Interest Rate. 
Sollte 
die 
Bildschirmseite 
nicht 
mehr 
zur 
Verfügung 
stehen, 
oder 
wird 
der 
[falls 
Interpolation 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
relevante] Referenzzinssatz zu der genannten 
Zeit am relevanten Feststellungstag nicht auf der 
If the Screen Page is unavailable or if the [in 
case interpolation applies, insert: relevant] 
Reference Interest Rate does not appear on the 
Screen Page as at such time on the relevant 
Determination Day, the Calculation Agent shall

--- Page 41 ---
41 
Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt, 
wird 
die 
Berechnungsstelle von jeder der Referenzbanken 
(wie nachstehend definiert) deren jeweiligen Satz 
(jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt) 
anfordern, 
zu 
dem 
sie 
Einlagen 
in 
der 
festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die der 
Laufzeit des [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
relevanten] 
Referenzzinssatzes 
entspricht, 
um 
ca 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Ortszeit) am Feststellungstag anbieten. 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
at which it offers deposits in the Specified 
Currency with a term, which corresponds with the 
term of the [in case interpolation applies, 
insert: relevant] Reference Interest Rate, at 
approximately [insert relevant time] ([insert 
relevant 
financial 
centre] 
time) 
on 
the 
Determination Day. 
Falls zwei oder mehr Referenzbanken der 
Berechnungsstelle solche Sätze nennen, gilt als 
[falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
relevanter] Referenzzinssatz für die relevante 
Zinsperiode 
das 
arithmetische 
Mittel 
(falls 
erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das 
nächste [falls der Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR 
ist, 
einfügen: 
Tausendstel 
Prozent, 
wobei 
0,0005 
aufgerundet 
wird] 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz nicht EURIBOR ist, einfügen: 
Hunderttausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,000005 
aufgerundet wird]) dieser Sätze, wobei alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
erfolgen. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such rates, the [in case 
interpolation 
applies, 
insert: 
relevant] 
Reference Interest Rate for such Interest Period 
shall be deemed to be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest [if the 
Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR insert: 
one thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.0005 
being 
rounded 
upwards] 
[if 
the 
Reference Interest Rate is not EURIBOR 
insert: one hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards]) of 
such rates, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
Für den Fall, dass der [falls Interpolation 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
relevante] 
Referenzzinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes ermittelt werden 
kann, gilt als [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: relevante] Referenzzinssatz für die 
relevante 
Zinsperiode 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
gemäß 
ihrem 
billigen 
Ermessen bestimmte Satz; bei der Bestimmung 
dieses Satzes richtet sich die Berechnungsstelle 
nach der üblichen Marktpraxis. 
If the [in case interpolation applies, insert: 
relevant] Reference Interest Rate cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the [in case 
interpolation 
applies, 
insert: 
relevant]  
Reference Interest Rate for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be deemed to be the rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion; the Calculation Agent shall take 
general market practice into account when 
determining such rate. 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet [relevante Zahl 
einfügen] 
Großbanken 
im 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz 
nicht 
der 
EURIBOR 
Ist 
einfügen: 
[relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen]] 
Interbankenmarkt 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR ist, einfügen: der 
Euro-Zone oder im Londoner Interbankenmarkt]. 
"Reference Banks" means [insert relevant 
number] major banks in the [if the Reference 
Interest Rate is not EURIBOR insert: [insert 
relevant financial centre]] interbank market [if 
the Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR 
insert: of the Euro-zone or in the London 
interbank market].  
[Falls der Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR ist, 
einfügen: "Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet 
derjenigen Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen 
Union, die gemäß dem Vertrag über die 
Gründung 
der 
Europäischen 
Gemeinschaft 
(unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 1957), 
geändert durch den Vertrag über die Europäische 
Union (unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 
1992), den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 
1997 und den Vertrag von Lissabon vom 
13. Dezember 
2007, 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, die einheitliche Währung eingeführt 
haben oder jeweils eingeführt haben werden.]] 
[If the Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR 
insert: "Euro-zone" means the region comprised 
of those member states of the European Union 
that have adopted, or will have adopted from time 
to time, the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam 
Treaty of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon 
of 13 December 2007, as further amended from 
time to time.]]

--- Page 42 ---
42 
[Ende 
der 
Bestimmungen 
für 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
an 
einen 
Referenzzinssatz gebunden sind] 
[End of provisions for Notes linked to a 
Reference Interest Rate] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an 
einen Referenzsatz gebunden sind, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes linked to a Reference Rate 
insert: 
Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode 
(wie nachstehend definiert) ist [Zahl, Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzsatzes einfügen] per annum (der 
"Referenzsatz") [im Fall einer Marge einfügen: 
[zuzüglich] 
[/] 
[abzüglich] 
der 
Marge 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert)] 
[falls 
ein 
Faktor 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: [und] multipliziert mit 
dem 
Faktor 
[Faktor 
einfügen]]. 
Bei 
dem 
Referenzsatz handelt es sich um den Swap-Satz 
(ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per annum) für 
Swap-Transaktionen in der festgelegten Währung 
mit einer Laufzeit von [relevanten Zeitraum 
einfügen], der auf der Bildschirmseite (wie 
nachstehend definiert) am Feststellungstag (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
gegen 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) angezeigt 
wird, 
wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) angegeben) 
erfolgen. 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for 
each Interest Period (as defined below) shall be 
[insert number, term and name of relevant 
Reference Rate] per annum (the "Reference 
Rate") [in case of a Margin insert: [plus] [/] 
[minus] the Margin (as defined below)] [in case a 
Factor shall be applicable, insert: [and] 
multiplied by the factor [insert Factor]]. Such 
Reference 
Rate 
shall 
be 
the 
swap 
rate 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
swap transactions in the Specified Currency with 
a term of [insert relevant term] which appears 
on the Screen Page (as defined below) as of 
[insert relevant time] ([insert relevant financial 
centre] time) on the Determination Day (as 
defined below), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (as specified in § 6 (1)). 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich nicht ändert, einfügen: 
Die "Marge" beträgt [Satz einfügen]% per 
annum.] 
[In case of Notes which have a margin which 
does not change, insert: "Margin" means 
[insert rate] per cent. per annum.] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich ändert, einfügen: Die 
"Marge" beträgt für die Zinsperiode[n] 
[in case of Notes which have a margin which 
changes, insert: "Margin" means in respect of 
the Interest Period[s] 
vom 
(einschließ-
lich) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[zuzüglich] 
[/] 
[abzüglich] 
[Marge 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
] 
from, 
and 
including, 
to, 
but 
excluding, 
 
 
[insert date] 
[insert 
date] 
[plus] [/] 
[minus] 
[insert 
Margin] per 
cent. per 
annum 
] 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
jeweils 
darauf 
folgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich).  
"Interest Period" means each period from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date to, 
but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date and 
from, and including, each Interest Payment Date 
to, but excluding, the following Interest Payment 
Date.  
"Feststellungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[ersten] 
[zweiten] 
[andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen einfügen] Geschäftstag (wie in 
§ 1 (6) definiert) [vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode. 
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] 
[insert other relevant number of Business 
Days] Business Day (as defined in § 1 (6)) [prior 
to the [commencement] [end]] of the relevant 
Interest Period.  
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
[relevante 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen

--- Page 43 ---
43 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
oder 
die 
Nachfolgeseite, 
die 
von 
dem 
gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des Referenzsatzes benannt wird, 
angezeigt wird. 
Page] or the successor page displayed by the 
same 
information 
provider 
or 
any 
other 
information provider nominated by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement information provider for 
the purposes of displaying the Reference Rate. 
Sollte 
die 
Bildschirmseite 
nicht 
mehr 
zur 
Verfügung stehen, oder wird der Referenzsatz zu 
der 
genannten 
Zeit 
am 
relevanten 
Feststellungstag nicht auf der Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt, wird die Berechnungsstelle von jeder 
der Referenzbanken (wie nachstehend definiert) 
deren 
jeweiligen 
Marktmittelkurs 
für 
den 
Swapsatz (jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum 
ausgedrückt), 
um 
ca 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Ortszeit) 
am 
Feststellungstag 
anfordern. "Marktmittelkurs für den Swapsatz" 
bezeichnet das Mittel der Geld- und Briefkurse für 
den 
festverzinslichen 
Teil 
einer 
Zinsswaptransaktion 
in 
der 
festgelegten 
Währung, bei der ein fester Zinssatz gegen einen 
variablen Zinssatz getauscht wird, wobei der 
variabel verzinsliche Teil dem [Zahl, Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzsatzes einfügen] per annum entspricht, 
der auf [relevante Bildschirmseite einfügen] 
(oder der Nachfolgeseite, die von dem gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des [Zahl, Laufzeit und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzzinssatzes einfügen] benannt wird), 
angezeigt wird.  
If the Screen Page is unavailable or if the 
Reference Rate does not appear on the Screen 
Page 
as 
at 
such 
time 
on 
the 
relevant 
Determination Day, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
mid-market 
swap 
rate 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage rate per annum) at approximately 
[insert relevant time] ([insert relevant financial 
centre] time) on the Determination Day. "Mid-
market swap rate" means the mean of the bid 
and offered rates for the fixed leg of a fixed-for-
floating rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency where the floating leg is equivalent to 
[insert number, term and relevant Reference 
Rate] per annum, which appears on [insert 
relevant screen page] (or the successor page 
displayed by the same information provider or any 
other information provider nominated by the 
Calculation Agent as the replacement information 
provider for the purposes of displaying the [insert 
number, term and relevant Reference Interest 
Rate]).  
Falls drei oder mehr Referenzbanken 
der 
Berechnungsstelle solche Sätze nennen, gilt als 
Referenzsatz für die relevante Zinsperiode das 
arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder 
abgerundet auf das nächste Hunderttausendstel 
Prozent, wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet wird) dieser 
Sätze, wobei der höchste Satz (oder, falls es 
mehrere gleich hohe Höchstsätze geben sollte, 
einer dieser Höchstsätze) und der niedrigste Satz 
(oder, 
falls 
es 
mehrere 
gleich 
niedrige 
Niedrigstsätze 
geben 
sollte, 
einer 
dieser 
Niedrigstsätze) unberücksichtigt bleiben, wobei 
alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle 
erfolgen. 
If three or more of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such rates, the 
Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period 
shall be deemed to be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such rates 
eliminating the highest rate (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and the lowest rate 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest), all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Für den Fall, dass der Referenzsatz nicht gemäß 
den 
vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
Absatzes 
ermittelt 
werden 
kann, 
gilt 
als 
Referenzsatz für die relevante Zinsperiode der 
von der Berechnungsstelle gemäß ihrem billigen 
Ermessen bestimmte Satz; bei der Bestimmung 
dieses Satzes richtet sich die Berechnungsstelle 
nach der üblichen Marktpraxis.] 
If the Reference Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Reference Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be deemed to be the rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion; the Calculation Agent shall 
take general market practice into account when 
determining such rate.]

--- Page 44 ---
44 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet [relevante Zahl 
einfügen] 
Großbanken 
im 
[falls 
der 
Referenzsatz 
kein 
Euro-Swapsatz 
ist, 
relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Interbankenmarkt [falls der Referenzsatz ein 
Euro-Swapsatz ist, einfügen: der Euro-Zone 
oder im Londoner Interbankenmarkt].  
"Reference Banks" means [insert relevant 
number] major banks in the [if the Reference 
Rate is not a Euro swap rate, insert relevant 
financial centre] interbank market [if the 
Reference Rate is a Euro swap rate, insert: of 
the Euro-zone or in the London interbank market]. 
[Falls der Referenzsatz ein Euro-Swapsatz ist, 
einfügen: "Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet 
derjenigen Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen 
Union, die gemäß dem Vertrag über die 
Gründung 
der 
Europäischen 
Gemeinschaft 
(unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 1957), 
geändert durch den Vertrag über die Europäische 
Union (unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 
1992), den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 
1997 und den Vertrag von Lissabon vom 
13. Dezember 
2007, 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, die einheitliche Währung eingeführt 
haben oder jeweils eingeführt haben werden.] 
[If the Reference Rate is a Euro swap rate, 
insert: "Euro-zone" means the region comprised 
of those member states of the European Union 
that have adopted, or will have adopted from time 
to time, the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam 
Treaty of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon 
of 13 December 2007, as further amended from 
time to time.] 
[Ende 
der 
Bestimmungen 
für 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
an 
einen 
Referenzsatz gebunden sind] 
[End of provisions for Notes linked to a 
Reference Rate] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit einem 
inflationsabhängigen Zinssatz einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with an inflation linked 
interest rate insert: 
(1) Zinssatz. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
ihres 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 (1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich).  
(1) Rate of Interest. The Notes shall bear interest 
on their outstanding aggregate principal amount 
from, 
and 
including, 
[insert 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest 
Commencement Date") to, but excluding, the 
Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)).  
Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode 
(wie nachstehend definiert) wird als Zinssatz in 
Prozent per annum ("Ian(t)") ausgedrückt und von 
der Berechnungsstelle gemäß folgender Formel 
bestimmt: 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for 
each Interest Period shall be expressed as a rate 
in per cent per annum ("Ian(t)") and calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Ian(t) = [ Min{ ] [ Max{ ] ((HVPI(t) – HVPI(t-1)) / 
HVPI(t-1)) [*100] [* Faktor] [+] [-] [Zuschlag] 
[Abschlag] [; Wert } ] [+] [-] [Marge] 
Ian(t) = [ Min{ ] [ Max{ ] (HICP(t) – HICP(t-1)) / 
HICP(t-1) [*100] [* Factor] [+] [-] [Surcharge] 
[Reduction] [;Value } ] [+] [-] [Margin] 
"HVPI(t)" bezeichnet den Stand des HVPI, wie er 
in Bezug auf [Bezugszeitraum (t) einfügen] 
veröffentlicht wird. 
"HICP(t)" means the level of the HICP that is 
published by reference to the [insert reference 
period(t)]. 
"HVPI(t-1)" bezeichnet den Stand des HVPI, der 
in Bezug auf [Bezugszeitraum (t-1) einfügen] 
veröffentlicht wird. 
"HICP(t-1)" means the level of the HICP that is 
published by reference to the [insert reference 
period(t-1)]. 
["Abschlag" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] 
[Anzahl von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit 
[Höhe des Abschlags einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Reduction" means a defined [number] [number 
of percentage points] and has been determined 
as [Insert amount of reduction].] 
["Zuschlag" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] 
[Anzahl von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit 
[Höhe des Zuschlags einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Surcharge" means a defined [number] [number 
of percentage points] and has been determined 
as [Insert amount of surcharge].] 
["Wert" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] [Anzahl 
von Prozentpunkten], die für einen Zinssatz steht, 
und wurde mit [Höhe des Wertes einfügen] 
["Value" means a defined [number] [number of 
percentage points] which stands for a percentage 
rate, and has been determined as [Insert amount

--- Page 45 ---
45 
festgelegt.] 
of value].] 
["Faktor" 
bedeutet 
eine 
definierte 
Zahl 
(Multiplikator des Inflationszinssatzes) und wurde 
mit [Höhe des Faktors einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Factor" means a defined number (a multiplier of 
the Inflation Rate) and has been determined as 
[Insert amount of factor].] 
["Marge" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] [Anzahl 
von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit [Höhe der 
Marge einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Margin" means a defined [number] [number of 
percentage points] and has been determined as 
[Insert amount of factor].] 
"HVPI" 
oder 
"Index" 
ist 
der 
unrevidierte 
Harmonisierte 
Verbraucherpreisindex 
(ohne 
Tabak) für die Euro-Zone (wie nachstehend 
definiert), der monatlich vom Statistischen Amt 
der Europäischen Gemeinschaft (nachfolgend 
"EUROSTAT" oder "Indexsponsor" genannt) 
berechnet 
wird, 
und 
welcher 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
am 
Feststellungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) veröffentlicht wird. 
"HICP" or "Index" is the unrevised Harmonised 
Index of Consumer Prices (excluding Tobacco) 
for the Euro-Zone (as defined below), which is 
calculated on a monthly basis by the statistical 
office of the European Union (the "EUROSTAT" 
or the "Index Sponsor") and published on the 
Screen Page on the Determination Day (as 
defined below). 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
oder 
die 
Nachfolgeseite, 
die 
von 
dem 
gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des Index benannt wird, 
angezeigt wird. 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen 
Page] or the successor page displayed by the 
same 
information 
provider 
or 
any 
other 
information provider nominated by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement information provider for 
the purposes of displaying the Index. 
Falls die Bildschirmseite nicht länger existiert und 
keine offizielle Nachfolgeseite bekannt gegeben 
wird, wird die Berechnungsstelle eine alternative 
Referenz für den Index festlegen. 
If the Screen Page ceases to exist and no official 
successor page is announced, the Calculation 
Agent will determine other reference with respect 
to the Index. 
Im Fall einer Änderung eines veröffentlichten 
Indexstandes, der nach mehr als 24 Stunden 
nach der ersten Veröffentlichung erfolgt, soll in 
jedem 
Fall 
der 
zunächst 
ursprünglich 
veröffentlichte 
Indexstand 
zur 
Berechnung 
maßgeblich sein. 
In case of any amendment of the published index 
level 24 hours after the first publication, the index 
level published first shall, in any case, be 
applicable to the calculation. 
Wird der Index nicht mehr vom Indexsponsor, 
sondern von einer anderen Person, Gesellschaft 
oder Institution, die die Berechnungsstelle für 
geeignet 
hält 
(der 
"Nachfolgesponsor") 
berechnet 
und 
veröffentlicht, 
so 
wird 
der 
anwendbare Zinssatz auf der Grundlage des vom 
Nachfolgesponsor 
berechneten 
und 
veröffentlichten 
Index 
berechnet. 
Jede 
hier 
enthaltene Bezugnahme auf den Indexsponsor 
gilt, sofern es der Zusammenhang erlaubt, als 
Bezugnahme auf den Nachfolgesponsor. 
If the Index is not calculated and published by the 
Index Sponsor any more but by another person, 
corporation or institution, which the Calculation 
Agent 
considers 
suitable 
(the 
"Successor 
Sponsor"), the applicable Rate of Interest shall 
be calculated on the basis of the Index calculated 
and published by the Successor Sponsor. Any 
reference to Index Sponsor contained herein, 
shall, in this context, be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Sponsor. 
Wird der Index zu irgendeiner Zeit aufgehoben 
und/oder durch einen anderen Index ersetzt, legt 
die Berechnungsstelle nach billigem Ermessen 
fest, welcher Index künftig für die Berechnung 
des anwendbaren Zinssatzes zugrunde zu legen 
ist (der "Nachfolgeindex"). Der Nachfolgeindex 
sowie 
der 
Zeitpunkt 
seiner 
erstmaligen 
Anwendung werden so bald wie möglich jedoch 
keinesfalls später als am Zinsenfestlegungstag 
bekannt 
gemacht. 
Jede 
hier 
enthaltene 
Bezugnahme auf den Index gilt, sofern es der 
Zusammenhang erlaubt, als Bezugnahme auf 
If at any time the Index is cancelled and/or 
replaced by any other index, the Calculation 
Agent 
shall, 
at 
its 
reasonable 
discretion, 
determine 
the 
Index 
which 
the 
following 
calculation of the applicable Rate of Interest will 
be based on (the "Successor Index"). The 
Successor Index and the time of its first 
application will be announced as soon as possible 
but not later than on the Determination Date. Any 
reference to the Index contained herein, shall, in 
this context, be deemed to refer to the Successor 
Index.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
den Nachfolgeindex. 
Ist nach Ansicht der Berechnungsstelle: (i) die 
Festlegung eines Nachfolgeindex aus welchen 
Gründen 
auch 
immer 
nicht 
möglich; 
oder 
(ii) nimmt der Indexsponsor eine wesentliche 
Veränderung 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Berechnungsmethode zur Bestimmung des Index 
vor oder verändert der Indexsponsor den Index 
auf irgendeine andere Weise wesentlich, wird die 
Berechnungsstelle 
die 
Weiterrechnung 
und 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Indexstandes 
unter 
Berücksichtigung des Grundsatzes von Treu und 
Glauben und in wirtschaftlich vernünftiger Art und 
Weise durchführen. 
If according to the Calculation Agent’s opinion: 
(i) the determination of the Successor Index is, for 
whatever reason, not possible; or (ii) the Index 
Sponsor significantly changes the method of 
calculating the Index or the Index Sponsor 
significantly changes the Index in any other way, 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
shall 
make 
further 
calculations and publications of the index level 
acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
"Euro Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen Union, die 
gemäß dem Vertrag über die Gründung der 
Europäischen Gemeinschaft (unterzeichnet in 
Rom am 25. März 1957), geändert durch den 
Vertrag 
über 
die 
Europäische 
Union 
(unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 1992) 
und dem Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 
1997, 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, 
eine 
einheitliche Währung eingeführt haben oder 
jeweils eingeführt haben werden. 
"Euro-Zone" means the area of the member 
states of the European Union which have adopted 
or will adopt a single currency pursuant to the 
Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed on 25 March 1957 in Rome), as amended 
by the Treaty on the European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992) and pursuant to 
the Amsterdam Treaty of 2 October 1997, as 
amended from time to time. 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
jeweils 
darauf 
folgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich).  
"Interest Period" means each period from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date to, 
but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date and 
from, and including, each Interest Payment Date 
to, but excluding, the following Interest Payment 
Date.  
"Feststellungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[ersten] 
[zweiten] 
[andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen einfügen] Geschäftstag (wie in 
§ 1 (6) definiert) [vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode.] 
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] 
[insert other relevant number of Business 
Days] Business Day (as defined in § 1 (6)) [prior 
to the [commencement] [end]] of the relevant 
Interest Period.] 
[Ende 
der 
Bestimmungen 
für 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
einem 
inflationsabhängigen Zinssatz] 
[End of provisions for Notes with an inflation 
linked interest rate] 
[Falls 
bei 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
variablem Zinssatz ein Mindest- und/oder ein 
Höchstzinssatz gilt, einfügen: 
[If in case of Notes with a floating interest rate, 
a Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
applies, insert: 
(2) [Mindest-] [und] [Höchst-] [und] [Memory-] 
Zinssatz. 
(2) [Minimum] [and] [Maximum] [and] [Memory] 
Rate of Interest. 
[Falls ein Mindestzinssatz gilt, einfügen: Wenn 
der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz niedriger ist als 
[Mindestzinssatz einfügen]% per annum, so ist 
der 
Zinssatz 
für 
diese 
Zinsperiode 
[Mindestzinssatz einfügen]% per annum. (der 
"Mindestzinssatz")] 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibung eine Memory Floater-
Zinsstruktur aufweist, einfügen: Wenn der 
gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode (die "maßgebliche Zinsperiode") 
ermittelte Zinssatz niedriger ist als der Zinssatz 
der unmittelbar vorhergehenden Zinsperiode, so 
[If Minimum Rate of Interest applies, insert: If 
the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is less than [insert Minimum Rate of 
Interest] per cent. per annum, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert 
Minimum Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum 
(the "Minimum Rate of Interest").] [in case the 
Notes 
have 
a 
Memory 
Floater 
interest 
structure, insert: If the Rate of Interest in respect 
of any Interest Period (the "relevant Interest 
Period") determined in accordance with the 
above provisions is less than the Rate of Interest

--- Page 47 ---
47 
ist der Zinssatz für die maßgebliche Zinsperiode 
der Zinssatz der unmittelbar vorhergehenden 
Zinsperiode ("Memory Floater").] 
of the immediately preceding Interest Period, the 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period 
shall be the Rate of Interest of the immediately 
preceding Interest Period ("Memory Floater").] 
[Falls 
mehrere 
Mindestzinssätze 
gelten, 
einfügen: 
Wenn 
der 
gemäß 
den 
obigen 
Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz niedriger ist als der für die maßgebliche 
Zinsperiode in nachstehender Tabelle angeführte 
Mindestzinssatz (der "Mindestzinssatz") in % per 
annum, so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
dieser Mindestzinssatz.  
[If more than one Minimum Rate of Interest 
applies, insert: If the Rate of Interest in respect 
of any Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the above provisions is less than the 
minimum rate of interest as indicated in the below 
table in per cent. per annum, (the "Minimum 
Rate of Interest") the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be the Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
vom 
(einschließli
ch) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
Mindest-
zinssatz 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
(einschließ-
lich 
des 
Fälligkeits-
tags 
und 
des 
Erweiterten 
Fälligkeits-
tags 
(falls 
anwendbar)
) einfügen] 
[Mindest-
zinssatz 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
from, and 
including, 
to, but 
excluding, 
Minimum 
Rate of 
[insert date] 
[insert date 
(including 
the Maturity 
Date 
and 
the 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date 
(if 
applicable))
] 
[insert 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest] per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
 
[Falls ein Höchstzinssatz gilt, einfügen: Wenn 
der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz höher ist als 
[Höchstzinssatz einfügen]% per annum, so ist 
der 
Zinssatz 
für 
diese 
Zinsperiode 
[Höchstzinssatz einfügen]% per annum.]]  
[If Maximum Rate of Interest applies insert: If 
the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is greater than [insert Maximum Rate 
of Interest] per cent. per annum, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert 
Maximum Rate of Interest] per cent. per 
annum.]]  
[Bei 
allen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
außer 
Nullkupon Schuldverschreibungen, einfügen: 
[Insert for all Notes other than Zero Coupon 
Notes: 
([2/3]) Zinszahlungstage. 
([2/3]) Interest Payment Dates. 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind im 
Nachhinein an jedem Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
"Zinszahlungstag" bedeutet jeder [festgelegte 
Zinszahlungstage einfügen], beginnend mit 
dem [ersten Zinszahlungstag einfügen]. 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date. "Interest Payment 
Date" means each [insert specified Interest 
Payment Dates], commencing on [insert first 
Interest Payment Date]. 
Zinszahlungstage unterliegen einer Anpassung in 
Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 (3) enthaltenen 
Bestimmungen. 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the provisions set out in 
§ 4 (3). 
([3/4]) Verzugszinsen. 
Der 
Zinslauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Ablauf des 
Kalendertages, der dem Kalendertag vorangeht, 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin 
die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht 
einlöst, wird der ausstehende Gesamtnennbetrag 
der Schuldverschreibungen vom Kalendertag der 
Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Kalendertag der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) weiterhin 
([3/4]) Default Interest. The Notes shall cease to 
bear interest from the expiry of the calendar day 
preceding the due date for redemption. If the 
Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, 
interest 
shall 
continue 
to 
accrue 
on 
the 
outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes from, and including, the due date for 
redemption to, but excluding, the date of actual 
redemption of the Notes at the respective rate of 
interest specified. This does not affect any 
additional rights that might be available to the

--- Page 48 ---
48 
in Höhe des jeweils vorgesehenen Zinssatzes 
verzinst. 
Weitergehende 
Ansprüche 
der 
Gläubiger bleiben unberührt.] 
Holders.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit einem 
fixen Zinssatz einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a fixed interest rate 
insert: 
(4) Berechnung des Zinsbetrags. Falls der auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlende Zinsbetrag 
für einen bestimmten Zeitraum von weniger oder 
mehr als einem Jahr zu berechnen ist, erfolgt die 
Berechnung des Zinsbetrags, indem der Zinssatz 
auf die festgelegte Stückelung angewendet wird, 
dieser Betrag mit dem Zinstagequotienten (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
multipliziert und das 
hieraus resultierende Ergebnis auf die nächste 
Untereinheit der festgelegten Währung gerundet 
wird, wobei eine halbe Untereinheit aufgerundet 
wird oder die Rundung ansonsten gemäß der 
anwendbaren Marktkonvention erfolgt.] 
(4) Calculation of Amount of Interest. If the 
amount of interest payable under the Notes is 
required to be calculated for any period of time of 
less or more than a full year such amount of 
interest shall be calculated by applying the rate of 
interest to the Specified Denomination, multiplying 
such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction 
(as defined below), and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency, half of such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with the 
applicable market convention.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit einem 
variablen Zinssatz einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a floating interest rate 
insert: 
([4/5]) Berechnung 
des 
Zinsbetrags. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
wird 
den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Zinsbetrag 
(der "Zinsbetrag") in Bezug auf die festgelegte 
Stückelung 
für 
die 
relevante 
Zinsperiode 
berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag wird berechnet, indem 
der Zinssatz auf die festgelegte Stückelung 
angewendet 
wird, 
dieser 
Betrag 
mit 
dem 
Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend definiert) 
multipliziert und der hieraus resultierende Betrag 
auf die nächste Untereinheit der festgelegten 
Währung gerundet wird, wobei eine halbe 
Untereinheit aufgerundet wird oder die Rundung 
ansonsten 
gemäß 
der 
anwendbaren 
Marktkonvention 
erfolgt. 
Im 
Falle 
einer 
Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode 
kann der auf diese Weise berechnete Zinsbetrag 
ohne Vorankündigung nachträglich angepasst 
(oder andere geeignete Anpassungsregelungen 
getroffen) werden. 
([4/5]) Calculation of Amount of Interest. The 
Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of 
interest payable under the Notes (the "Amount of 
Interest") 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. The 
Amount of Interest shall be calculated by applying 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
to 
the 
Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction (as defined below) 
and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, with 
half of such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
Each 
Amount 
of 
Interest 
so 
calculated may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
([5/6]) Mitteilungen 
des 
Zinssatzes. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass die 
Zinsperiode und der Zinssatz der Emittentin, jeder 
Börse, an der die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln 
eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, und den 
Gläubigern gemäß § [10/11] baldmöglichst nach 
ihrer Bestimmung mitgeteilt werden. 
([5/6]) Notification of Rate of Interest. The 
Calculation Agent will cause the Interest Period 
and the Rate of Interest to be notified to the 
Issuer, any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are from time to time listed (if required by the 
rules of such stock exchange) and to the Holders 
in accordance with § [10/11] as soon as possible 
after their determination. 
([6/7]) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, 
Quotierungen 
und 
Entscheidungen, 
die 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke dieses § 3 
gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder eingeholt 
werden, 
sind 
(sofern 
keine 
vorsätzliche 
Pflichtverletzung, kein böser Glaube und kein 
offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, 
die Zahlstellen und die Gläubiger bindend, und, 
([6/7]) Determinations Binding. All certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
the provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation Agent 
shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents and the Holders and, in the 
absence of the aforesaid, no liability to the Issuer, 
the Paying Agents or the Holders shall attach to

--- Page 49 ---
49 
sofern 
keiner 
der 
vorstehend 
genannten 
Umstände vorliegt, haftet die Berechnungsstelle 
nicht gegenüber der Emittentin, den Zahlstellen 
oder den Gläubigern im Zusammenhang mit der 
Ausübung oder Nichtausübung ihrer Rechte und 
Pflichten und ihres Ermessens gemäß solchen 
Bestimmungen.]  
the Calculation Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions pursuant to such provisions.] 
([5/7/8]) Zinstagequotient. 
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung eines 
Zinsbetrags auf eine Schuldverschreibung für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
([5/7/8]) Day 
Count 
Fraction. 
"Day 
Count 
Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of 
an amount of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ICMA) anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
[In case Actual/Actual (ICMA) applies, insert: 
(a) 
falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum kürzer 
ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, 
oder falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum der 
Feststellungsperiode entspricht, die Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch das 
Produkt 
aus: 
(x) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage in der Feststellungsperiode; 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine 
(wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr; oder 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Calculation Period ends, 
the number of calendar days in such 
Calculation Period divided by the product 
of: (x) the number of calendar days in such 
Determination Period; and (y) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified below) 
that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger 
ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, 
die Summe aus 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the 
Calculation Period ends, the sum of 
(i) 
der Anzahl der Kalendertage in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, 
in 
welcher 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
beginnt, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus: (x) der 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in der 
Feststellungsperiode; 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungstermine in 
einem Kalenderjahr; und 
(i) 
the number of calendar days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the 
Calculation Period begins divided by 
the product of: (x) the number of 
calendar days in such Determination 
Period; 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Dates 
that 
would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
der Anzahl der Kalendertage in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
nächste Feststellungsperiode fallen, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus: (x) der 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in dieser 
Feststellungsperiode; 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungstermine in 
einem Kalenderjahr. 
(ii) 
the number of calendar days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the 
product 
of: 
(x) the 
number 
of 
calendar days in such Determination 
Period; 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Dates 
that 
would 
occur in one calendar year. 
"Feststellungsperiode" ist der Zeitraum von 
einem Feststellungstermin (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
nächsten 
Feststellungstermin 
(ausschließlich); dies schließt dann, wenn der 
Verzinsungsbeginn kein Feststellungstermin ist, 
den 
Zeitraum 
ein, 
der 
an 
dem 
ersten 
Feststellungstermin vor dem Verzinsungsbeginn 
anfängt, 
und 
dann, 
wenn 
der 
letzte 
Zinszahlungstag kein Feststellungstermin ist, den 
Zeitraum 
ein, 
der 
an 
dem 
ersten 
"Determination Period" means the period from, 
and including, a Determination Date to, but 
excluding, the next Determination Date (including, 
where the Interest Commencement Date is not a 
Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to the Interest 
Commencement Date, and where the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination 
Date, the first Determination Date falling after the

--- Page 50 ---
50 
Feststellungstermin 
nach 
dem 
letzten 
Zinszahlungstag endet. 
final Interest Payment Date, as the case may be). 
Die 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine 
im 
Kalenderjahr (jeweils ein "Feststellungstermin") 
beträgt 
[Anzahl 
der 
regulären 
Zinszahlungstage im Kalenderjahr einfügen].] 
The number of interest determination dates per 
calendar year (each a "Determination Date") is 
[insert number of regular interest payment 
dates per calendar year].] 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ISDA) anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, 
die Summe aus: 
[In case Actual/Actual (ISDA) applies, insert: 
the actual number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
calculation portion of that Calculation Period falls 
in a leap year, the sum of: 
(a) 
der 
tatsächlichen 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
in 
dem 
Teil 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
die 
in 
das 
Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 366; und 
(a) 
the actual number of calendar days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366; and 
(b) 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Kalendertagen 
in 
dem 
Teil 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die nicht in ein 
Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 365).] 
(b) 
the actual number of calendar days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365).] 
[Falls 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 365.] 
[In case Actual/365 (Fixed) applies, insert: the 
actual number of calendar days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.] 
[Falls Actual/360 anwendbar ist, einfügen: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[In case Actual/360 applies, insert: the actual 
number of calendar days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360.] 
[Falls 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert 
durch 360, 
wobei 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Kalendertagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 
30 Kalendertagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn: 
[In case 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
applies, insert: the number of calendar days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number 
of calendar days to be calculated on the basis of 
a year of 360 calendar days with twelve 30-
calendar day months (unless: 
(a) 
der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 
31. Kalendertag eines Monats, während 
der 
erste 
Kalendertag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 
30. noch auf den 31. Kalendertag eines 
Monats fällt, wobei in diesem Fall der den 
letzten Kalendertag enthaltende Monat 
nicht als ein auf 30 Kalendertage gekürzter 
Monat zu behandeln ist; oder 
(a) 
the last calendar day of the Calculation 
Period is the 31st calendar day of a month 
but the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period is a calendar day other than the 30th 
or 31st calendar day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last 
calendar day shall not be considered to be 
shortened to a 30-calendar day month; or 
(b) 
der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 
letzten Kalendertag des Monats Februar, 
wobei in diesem Fall der Monat Februar 
nicht 
als 
ein 
auf 
30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
(b) 
the last calendar day of the Calculation 
Period is the last calendar day of the month 
of February in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-calendar day month).] 
[Falls 
30E/360 
oder 
Eurobond 
Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert 
durch 360 
(wobei 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Kalendertagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 
[In case 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis applies, 
insert: the number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of 
calendar days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 calendar days with twelve 30-
calendar day months, without regard to the date

--- Page 51 ---
51 
30 Kalendertagen zu ermitteln ist, und zwar ohne 
Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten 
Kalendertages 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei denn, der 
Fälligkeitstag 
ist, 
im 
Fall 
des 
letzten 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
der 
letzte 
Kalendertag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln ist). 
of the first calendar day or last calendar day of the 
Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last 
calendar day of the month of February, in which 
case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-calendar day 
month). 
[Bei 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
Referenz[zins]satz, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a Reference [Interest] 
Rate, insert: 
([8/9]) Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz. Im Fall eines 
Benchmark-Ereignisses 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert): (i) bemüht sich die Emittentin im 
angemessenen Umfang einen Unabhängigen 
Berater zu ernennen, um im billigen Ermessen 
des Unabhängigen Beraters (in Abstimmung mit 
der Berechnungsstelle und in gutem Glauben und 
auf 
eine 
wirtschaftlich 
vernünftige 
Weise 
handelnd (das "Ersetzungsziel")) einen Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz zu bestimmen, der an die 
Stelle des vom Benchmark-Ereignis betroffenen 
ursprünglichen Referenz[zins]satzes tritt; oder 
(ii) falls der Unabhängige Berater von der 
Emittentin 
nicht 
ernannt 
wird 
oder 
nicht 
zeitgerecht ernannt werden kann oder falls ein 
Unabhängiger Berater von der Emittentin ernannt 
wird, 
aber 
dieser 
keinen 
Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz bestimmt, dann kann die 
Emittentin 
(unter 
Berücksichtigung 
des 
Ersetzungsziels) bestimmen, welcher Satz (falls 
überhaupt) 
den 
vom 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
betroffenen 
ursprünglichen 
Referenz[zins]satz 
ersetzt hat. Ein Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz gilt ab 
dem vom Unabhängigen Berater oder von der 
Emittentin (je nachdem) im billigen Ermessen 
bestimmten 
Feststellungstag 
(einschließlich), 
frühestens jedoch ab dem Feststellungstag, der 
mit dem Benchmark-Ereignis zusammenfällt oder 
auf dieses folgt, erstmals mit Wirkung für die 
Zinsperiode, für die an diesem Feststellungstag 
der Zinssatz festgelegt wird. Der "Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz" ist ein Satz (ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz per annum), der sich aus einem vom 
Unabhängigen Berater oder von der Emittentin (je 
nachdem) im billigen Ermessen festgelegten 
Alternativ-Referenz[zins]satz 
(der 
"Alternativ-
Referenz[zins]satz"), der von einem Dritten 
bereitgestellt wird und der alle anwendbaren 
rechtlichen Voraussetzungen erfüllt, um ihn zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen zu verwenden, mit 
den vom Unabhängigen Berater oder von der 
Emittentin (je nachdem) im billigen Ermessen 
gegebenenfalls bestimmten Anpassungen, die in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
einer 
Allgemein 
Akzeptierten 
Marktpraxis, 
einem 
Amtlichen 
Ersetzungskonzept oder einer Branchenlösung 
gegebenenfalls empfohlen werden, (zB in Form 
([8/9]) Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate. In the 
event of a Benchmark Event: (i) the Issuer shall 
use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent 
Advisor 
to 
determine 
in 
the 
Independent Advisor's reasonable discretion (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent and acting 
in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner 
(the 
"Substitution 
Objective")) 
a 
Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate which shall 
replace the original Reference [Interest] Rate 
affected by the Benchmark Event; or (ii) if no 
Independent Advisor is or can be timely appointed 
by the Issuer or if an Independent Advisor is 
appointed by the Issuer, but fails to determine a 
Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate, then the 
Issuer 
(in 
consideration 
of 
the 
Substitute 
Objective) may determine which (if any) rate has 
replaced the original Reference [Interest] Rate 
affected by the Benchmark Event. Any Substitute 
Reference [Interest] Rate shall apply from (and 
including) the Determination Day determined by 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) in its due discretion, which shall be 
no earlier than the Determination Day falling on or 
immediately following the date of the Benchmark 
Event, with first effect for the Interest Period for 
which the Rate of Interest is determined on such 
Determination Day. The "Substitute Reference 
[Interest] Rate" shall be a rate (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) which corresponds to 
an alternative reference [interest] rate (the 
"Alternative 
Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate") 
provided by a third party and meeting any 
applicable legal requirements for being used for 
determining the payment obligations under the 
Notes determined by the Independent Advisor or 
the Issuer (as the case may be) in its due 
discretion, 
as 
modified 
by 
applying 
the 
adjustments, which in accordance with the 
Generally Accepted Market Practice, an Official 
Substitution Concept or an Industry Solution (if 
any) are recommended, (e.g. in the form of 
premiums or discounts), if any, that may be 
determined by the Independent Advisor or the 
Issuer (as the case may be) in its due discretion.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
von Auf- oder Abschlägen) ergibt. 
Unbeschadet 
der 
Allgemeingültigkeit 
des 
Vorstehenden wird der Unabhängige Berater oder 
die Emittentin (je nachdem) insbesondere, aber 
ohne 
Beschränkung, 
ein 
Amtliches 
Ersetzungskonzept, eine Branchenlösung oder 
eine 
Allgemein 
Akzeptierte 
Marktpraxis 
berücksichtigen.  
Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be)  shall in particular, but without 
limitation take into consideration an Official 
Substitution Concept, an Industry Solution or a 
Generally Accepted Market Practice. 
Bestimmt der Unabhängige Berater oder die 
Emittentin 
(je 
nachdem) 
einen 
Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz, 
so 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt,  nach billigem Ermessen diejenigen 
Änderungen 
in 
den 
verfahrensmäßigen  
Festlegungen in Bezug auf die Bestimmung des 
aktuellen 
Ersatz- 
Referenz[zins]satzes 
(zB 
Feststellungstag, 
maßgebliche 
Uhrzeit, 
maßgebliche Bildschirmseite für den Bezug des 
Alternativ-Referenz[zins]satzes 
sowie 
Ausfallbestimmungen 
für 
den 
Fall 
der 
Nichtverfügbarkeit 
der 
maßgeblichen 
Bildschirmseite) und diejenigen Anpassungen an 
die Definition von "Geschäftstag" in § 1 (6) und 
die Bestimmungen zur Geschäftstagekonvention 
in § 4 (3) vorzunehmen, die in Übereinstimmung 
mit der Allgemein Akzeptierten Marktpraxis, dem 
Amtlichen 
Ersetzungskonzept 
oder 
der 
Branchenlösung erforderlich oder zweckmäßig 
sind, um die Ersetzung des Referenz[zins]satzes 
durch den Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz praktisch 
durchführbar zu machen. 
If the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) determines a Substitute Reference 
[Interest] Rate, it shall also be entitled to make, in 
its due discretion, any such adjustments to the 
procedural 
determinations 
relating 
to 
the 
determination of the current Substitute Reference 
[Interest] Rate (e.g. the determination day, the 
relevant time, the relevant screen page for 
obtaining the Alternative Reference [Interest] 
Rate and the fallback provisions in the event that 
the relevant screen page is not available) and to 
make such adjustments to the definition of 
"Business Day" in § 1 (6) and the business day 
convention 
provisions 
in 
§ 4 (3) 
which 
in 
accordance with the Generally Accepted Market 
Practice, the Official Substitution Concept or the 
Industry Solution are necessary or expedient to 
make the substitution of the Reference [Interest] 
Rate by the Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate 
operative. 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" bezeichnet: 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) den 
Fall, 
dass 
die 
regelmäßige 
Veröffentlichung des Referenz[zins]satzes (oder 
maßgeblicher Bestandteile davon) eingestellt wird 
oder der Referenz[zins]satz (oder maßgebliche 
Bestandteile davon) ganz wegfällt; oder  
(a) the case that the Reference [Interest] Rate (or 
any component part thereof) ceases to be 
published on a regular basis or ceases to exist; or 
(b) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
des 
Administrators des Referenz[zins]satzes oder der 
für den Administrator des Referenz[zins]satzes 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
dass 
(i) 
die 
Ermittlung, Bereitstellung oder Bekanntgabe des 
Referenz[zins]satzes 
dauerhaft 
oder 
auf 
unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt worden ist oder 
eingestellt werden wird, ohne dass ein Nachfolge-
Administrator 
existiert, 
oder 
(ii) 
der 
Referenz[zins]satz 
aus 
sonstigen 
Gründen 
dauerhaft und endgültigen wegfällt; oder 
(b) a public statement by the administrator or the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate, 
that 
(i) 
the 
determination, 
provision or publication of the Reference [Interest] 
Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued in circumstances where 
no successor administrator exists, or (ii) the 
Reference [Interest] Rate permanently or finally 
ceases to exist for other reasons; or 
(c)  eine wesentliche Änderung der Methode zur 
Ermittlung 
oder 
Berechnung 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes im Vergleich zu derjenigen 
Methode, 
die 
bei 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zur Anwendung kam, 
oder 
eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
des 
Administrators des Referenz[zins]satzes oder der 
für den Administrator des  Referenz[zins]satzes 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
dass 
eine 
wesentliche 
Änderung 
der 
Methode 
zur 
Ermittlung 
oder 
Berechnung 
des 
(c)  a material change in the methodology of 
determining 
or 
calculating 
the 
Reference 
[Interest] Rate as compared to the methodology 
used at the time of the issuance of the Notes, or a 
public statement by the administrator of the 
Reference [Interest] Rate or by the supervisor of 
the administrator of the Reference [Interest] Rate 
that a material change in the methodology of 
determining 
or 
calculating 
the 
Reference 
[Interest] Rate as compared to the methodology 
used at the time of the issuance of the Notes, has

--- Page 53 ---
53 
Referenz[zins]satzes im Vergleich zu derjenigen 
Methode, 
die 
bei 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zur Anwendung kam, 
eingetreten ist oder eintreten wird, was dazu führt 
oder führen wird, dass der gemäß der neuen 
Methode berechnete Referenz[zins]satz nicht 
mehr den Referenz[zins]satz repräsentiert oder 
repräsentieren 
wird 
oder 
zu 
repräsentieren 
geeignet ist oder geeignet sein wird oder aus 
sonstigen 
Gründen 
seinem 
wirtschaftlichen 
Gehalt 
nach 
nicht 
mehr 
mit 
dem 
Referenz[zins]satz vergleichbar ist, der mit der 
bei Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen zur 
Anwendung gekommenen Methode ermittelt oder 
berechnet wurde; oder 
occurred or will occur which results or will result in 
the Reference [Interest] Rate, calculated in 
accordance with the new methodology, no longer 
representing, 
or 
being 
apt 
to 
represent 
adequately, the Reference [Interest] Rate or in 
terms of economic substance no longer being 
comparable to the Reference [Interest] Rate 
determined or calculated in accordance with the 
methodology used at the time of the issuance of 
the Notes; or 
(d) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung durch die für 
den 
Administrator 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes 
zuständige 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
dass 
der 
Referenz[zins]satz für den zugrundeliegenden 
Markt oder die wirtschaftliche Realität dauerhaft 
und unabänderlich nicht mehr repräsentativ ist; 
oder 
(d) a public statement is made by the supervisor 
of the administrator of the Reference [Interest] 
Rate that the Reference [Interest] Rate is no 
longer representative of an underlying market or 
economic 
reality 
on 
a 
permanent 
and 
irremediable basis; or 
(e) die Anwendbarkeit eines Gesetzes oder einer 
sonstigen 
Rechtsvorschrift 
oder 
einer 
behördlichen 
oder 
gerichtlichen 
Anordnung, 
Verfügung 
oder 
sonstigen 
verbindlichen 
Maßnahme, die unmittelbar dazu führt, dass der 
Referenz[zins]satz nicht mehr als Referenzsatz 
zur Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
unter den Schuldverschreibungen verwendet 
werden darf oder nach der eine derartige 
Verwendung 
nicht 
nur 
unwesentlichen 
Beschränkungen 
oder 
nachteiligen 
Folgen 
unterliegt. 
(e) the applicability of any law or any other legal 
provision, or of any administrative or judicial 
order, decree or other binding measure, pursuant 
to which the Reference [Interest] Rate may no 
longer be used as a reference rate to determine 
the payment obligations under the Notes, or 
pursuant to which any such use is subject to not 
only 
immaterial 
restrictions 
or 
adverse 
consequences. 
"Amtliches 
Ersetzungskonzept" 
bezeichnet 
eine verbindliche oder unverbindliche öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung von (i) der EU-Kommission 
oder 
eines 
EU-Mitgliedstaates 
unter 
Berücksichtigung 
der 
Empfehlung 
einer 
Arbeitsgruppe für alternative Referenzzinssätze, 
die unter der Schirmherrschaft der Zentralbank 
tätig ist, die für die Währung zuständig ist, auf die 
die Zinssätze der Ersatz-Benchmark laute, sofern 
verfügbar, 
oder 
(ii) 
einer 
der 
folgenden 
Einrichtungen, vorausgesetzt, dass sie für die 
Abgabe einer solchen Erklärung zuständig sind: 
eine Zentralbank, eine Aufsichtsbehörde oder ein 
öffentlich-rechtlich konstituiertes oder besetztes 
Aufsichts- oder Fachgremium der Finanzbranche, 
wonach 
ein 
bestimmter 
Referenzsatz, 
gegebenenfalls 
unter 
Vornahme 
bestimmter 
Anpassungen, 
an 
die 
Stelle 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes treten solle oder könne oder 
wonach 
ein 
bestimmtes 
Verfahren 
zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen, die 
ansonsten 
unter 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Referenz[zins]satz bestimmt werden würden, zur 
Anwendung gelangen solle oder könne. 
"Official Substitution Concept" means any 
binding or non-binding public statement by (i) the 
EU Commission or any EU Member State taking 
into 
account, 
where 
available, 
the 
recommendation by an alternative reference rate 
working group operating under the auspices of 
the central bank responsible for the currency in 
which the interest rates of the replacement 
benchmark are denominated or (ii) any of the 
following 
entities 
provided 
that 
they 
are 
competent to make such statement: a central 
bank, a supervisory authority or a supervisory or 
expert body of the financial sector established 
under public law or composed of publicly 
appointed members pursuant to which a certain 
reference rate, subject to certain adjustments (if 
any), should or could be used to replace the 
Reference [Interest] Rate or pursuant to which a 
certain procedure should or could be used in 
order to determine payment obligations which 
would otherwise be determined by reference to 
the Reference [Interest] Rate. 
"Branchenlösung" bezeichnet eine öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung der International Swaps and 
"Industry Solution" means any public statement 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives

--- Page 54 ---
54 
Derivatives Association (ISDA), der International 
Capital 
Markets 
Association 
(ICMA), 
der 
Association for Financial Markets in Europe 
(AFME), der Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (SIFMA), der SIFMA Asset 
Management Group (SIFMA AMG), der Loan 
Markets Association (LMA), des Deutschen 
Derivate Verbands (DDV), des Zertifikate Forum 
Österreich 
oder 
eines 
sonstigen 
privaten 
Branchenverbands der Finanzwirtschaft, wonach 
ein bestimmter Referenzsatz, gegebenenfalls 
unter Vornahme bestimmter Anpassungen, an die 
Stelle des Referenz[zins]satzes treten solle oder 
könne oder wonach ein bestimmtes Verfahren zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen, die 
ansonsten 
unter 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Referenz[zins]satz bestimmt werden würden, zur 
Anwendung gelangen solle oder könne. 
Association (ISDA), the International Capital 
Markets Association (ICMA), the Association for 
Financial 
Markets 
in 
Europe 
(AFME), 
the 
Securities 
Industry 
and 
Financial 
Markets 
Association 
(SIFMA), 
the 
SIFMA 
Asset 
Management Group (SIFMA AMG), the Loan 
Markets 
Association 
(LMA), 
the 
Deutsche 
Derivate Verbands (DDV), the Zertifikate Forum 
Austria or any other private association of the 
financial industry pursuant to which a certain 
reference rate, subject to certain adjustments (if 
any), should or could be used to replace the 
Reference [Interest] Rate or pursuant to which a 
certain procedure should or could be used in 
order to determine payment obligations which 
would otherwise be determined by reference to 
the Reference [Interest] Rate. 
"Allgemein Akzeptierte Marktpraxis" bezeichnet 
die 
übliche 
Verwendung 
eines 
bestimmten 
Referenzsatzes, gegebenenfalls unter Vornahme 
bestimmter 
Anpassungen, 
anstelle 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes oder die vertragliche oder 
anderweitige 
Regelung 
eines 
bestimmten 
Verfahrens 
zur 
Bestimmung 
von 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen, die ansonsten unter 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Referenz[zins]satz 
bestimmt worden wären, in einer Vielzahl von 
Anleiheemissionen 
nach 
dem 
Eintritt 
eines 
Benchmark-Ereignisses 
oder 
eine 
sonstige 
allgemein akzeptierte Marktpraxis zur Ersetzung 
des Referenz[zins]satzes als Referenzsatz für die 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen. 
"Generally Accepted Market Practice" means 
the customary use of a certain reference rate, 
subject to certain adjustments (if any), as 
substitute rate for the Reference [Interest] Rate or 
of provisions, contractual or otherwise, providing 
for a certain procedure to determine payment 
obligations which would otherwise have been 
determined by reference to the Reference 
[Interest] Rate in a material number of bond 
issues following the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Event, or any other generally accepted market 
practice to replace the Reference [Interest] Rate 
as reference rate for the determination of 
payment obligations. 
Für die Zwecke dieses Unterabsatzes bezeichnet 
der "Unabhängige Berater" ein unabhängiges 
Finanzinstitut von internationaler Reputation oder 
einen anderen unabhängigen Finanzberater in 
der Eurozone mit Erfahrung am internationalen 
Kapitalmarkt, der jeweils von der Emittentin auf 
ihre eigenen Kosten ernannt wird. 
For 
the 
purposes 
of 
this 
subparagraph 
"Independent Advisor" means an independent 
financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial advisor in the Euro zone 
experienced in the international capital markets, 
in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense. 
Der Unabhängige Berater oder die Emittentin (je 
nachdem) 
sind 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
berechtigt, aber nicht verpflichtet, in Bezug auf 
ein und dasselbe Benchmark-Ereignis mehrfach 
einen Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz nach Maßgabe 
der Bestimmungen dieses Unterabsatzes zu 
bestimmen, wenn diese spätere Bestimmung 
besser 
geeignet 
ist 
als 
die 
jeweils 
vorangegangene, 
das 
Ersetzungsziel 
zu 
erreichen. 
Die 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
Unterabsatzes gelten auch entsprechend für den 
Fall, dass in Bezug auf einen vom Unabhängigen 
Berater oder von der Emittentin (je nachdem) 
zuvor bestimmten Alternativ-Referenz[zins]satz 
ein Benchmark-Ereignis eintritt. 
The Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) is entitled, but not obliged, to 
determine, in its due discretion, a Substitute 
Reference [Interest] Rate pursuant to 
the 
provisions of this subparagraph several times in 
relation to the same Benchmark Event, provided 
that each later determination is better suitable 
than the earlier one to realise the Substitution 
Objective. The provisions of this subparagraph 
shall also apply mutatis mutandis in the event of a 
Benchmark Event occurring in relation to any 
Alternative Reference [Interest] Rate previously 
determined by the Independent Advisor or the 
Issuer (as the case may be). 
Hat der Unabhängige Berater oder die Emittentin 
(je nachdem) nach Eintritt eines Benchmark-
Ereignisses 
einen 
Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz 
bestimmt, so wird veranlasst, dass der Eintritt des 
Benchmark-Ereignisses, der vom Unabhängigen 
If the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) has determined a Substitute 
Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate 
following 
the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event, it will cause 
the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, the

--- Page 55 ---
55 
Berater oder von der Emittentin (je nachdem) 
bestimmte Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz sowie alle 
weiteren 
damit 
zusammenhängenden 
Festsetzungen des Unabhängigen Beraters oder 
der Emittentin (je nachdem) gemäß diesem 
Unterabsatz der Berechnungsstelle und den 
Gläubigern gemäß § [10/11] baldmöglichst, aber 
keinesfalls später als am vierten auf die 
Bestimmung 
des 
Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satzes 
folgenden Geschäftstag sowie jeder Börse, an 
der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln 
eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
die 
Börse 
verlangen, 
baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls später als zu 
Beginn der Zinsperiode, ab der der Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz erstmals anzuwenden ist, 
mitgeteilt werden.]] 
Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate determined 
by the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) and any further determinations of 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) pursuant to this subparagraph 
associated therewith to be notified to the 
Calculation 
Agent 
and 
to 
the 
Holders 
in 
accordance with § [10/11] as soon as possible, 
but in no event later than the fourth Business Day 
following the determination of the Substitute 
Reference [Interest] Rate and, if required by the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are from time to time listed, to such stock 
exchange as soon as possible, but in no event 
later than the first day of the Interest Period to 
which the Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate 
applies for the first time.]] 
[Im Falle einer Fix-to-Floating Verzinsung, 
einfügen:  
[In case of Fix-to-Floating interest, insert:  
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Festverzinsung. 
(1) Fixed Interest. 
(a) Festzinssatz und Festzinszahlungstage. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
ihres 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum 
[Zinssatzwechseltag 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Zinssatzwechseltag") 
(ausschließlich) 
(der 
"Erste 
Zeitraum") 
mit 
[Ersten 
Zinssatz 
einfügen]% per annum (der "Erste Zinssatz") 
[Im Fall einer kurzen oder langen ersten 
Zinsperiode einfügen: Mit Ausnahme der ersten 
Zinszahlung sind die Zinsen] [im Fall von 
ausschließlich regulären Festzinszahlungen 
einfügen: Die Zinsen sind] für den Ersten 
Zeitraum] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
vierteljährlichen 
Festzinszahlungen einfügen: vierteljährlich] [im 
Fall von halbjährlichen Festzinszahlungen 
einfügen: halbjährlich] [im Fall von jährlichen 
Festzinszahlungen 
einfügen: 
jährlich] 
nachträglich 
am 
[Festzinszahlungstage 
einfügen] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar (jeweils ein 
"Festzinszahlungstag"), beginnend mit dem 
[ersten Festzinszahlungstag einfügen] und 
endend mit dem [letzten Festzinszahlungstag 
einfügen]. Die Festzinszahlungstage unterliegen 
einer Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in 
§ 4 (3) enthaltenen Bestimmungen. 
(a) Fixed Rate of Interest and Fixed Interest 
Payment Dates. The Notes shall bear interest on 
their outstanding aggregate principal amount at 
the rate of [insert First Rate of Interest] per 
cent. per annum (the "First Rate of Interest") 
from, 
and 
including, 
[insert 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest 
Commencement Date") to, but excluding, [insert 
Interest Rate Change Date] (the "Interest Rate 
Change Date") (the "First Period"). [In case of a 
short or long first interest period insert: With 
the exception of the first payment of interest, 
interest] [in case of Notes which have only 
regular fixed interest payments insert: Interest] 
for the First Period] shall be payable [in case of 
quarterly fixed interest payments insert: 
quarterly] [in case of semi-annual fixed interest 
payments insert: semi-annually] [in case of 
annual 
fixed 
interest 
payments 
insert: 
annually] in arrear on [insert Fixed Interest 
Payment Dates] in each year (each such date, a 
"Fixed Interest Payment Date"), commencing on 
[insert first Fixed Interest Payment Date] and 
ending on [insert last Fixed Interest Payment 
Date]. Fixed Interest Payment Dates are subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the provisions 
set out in § 4 (3). 
(b) Berechnung des Zinsbetrags. Falls der auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlende Zinsbetrag 
für einen bestimmten Zeitraum von weniger oder 
mehr als einem Jahr innerhalb des Ersten 
Zeitraums 
zu 
berechnen 
ist, 
erfolgt 
die 
Berechnung des Zinsbetrags, indem der Erste 
Zinssatz 
auf 
die 
festgelegte 
Stückelung 
angewendet 
wird, 
dieser 
Betrag 
mit 
dem 
Festzinstagequotienten 
(wie 
nachstehend 
(b) Calculation of Amount of Interest. If the 
amount of interest payable under the Notes is 
required to be calculated for any period of time of 
less or more than a full year in the First Period 
such amount of interest shall be calculated by 
applying the First Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Fixed Day Count Fraction (as defined 
below), and rounding the resultant figure to the

--- Page 56 ---
56 
definiert) 
multipliziert 
und 
das 
hieraus 
resultierende 
Ergebnis 
auf 
die 
nächste 
Untereinheit der festgelegten Währung gerundet 
wird, wobei eine halbe Untereinheit aufgerundet 
wird oder die Rundung ansonsten gemäß der 
anwendbaren Marktkonvention erfolgt. 
nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency, half of 
such 
sub-unit 
being 
rounded 
upwards 
or 
otherwise in accordance with the applicable 
market convention.  
 
(c) Festzinstagequotient. "Festzinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung eines 
Zinsbetrags auf eine Schuldverschreibung für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
(c) Fixed Day Count Fraction. "Fixed Day Count 
Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of 
an amount of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
[falls Actual/Actual (ICMA) anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
[In case Actual/Actual (ICMA) applies, insert: 
1. 
falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum kürzer 
ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, 
oder falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum der 
Feststellungsperiode entspricht, die Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch das 
Produkt 
aus: 
(x) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage in der Feststellungsperiode; 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine 
(wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr; oder 
1. 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Calculation Period ends, 
the number of calendar days in such 
Calculation Period divided by the product 
of: (x) the number of calendar days in such 
Determination Period; and (y) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified below) 
that would occur in one calendar year; or 
2. 
falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger 
ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, 
die Summe aus: 
2. 
if the Calculation Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the 
Calculation Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
der Anzahl der Kalendertage in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, 
in 
welcher 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
beginnt, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus: (x) der 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in der 
Feststellungsperiode; 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungstermine in 
einem Kalenderjahr; und 
(A) 
the number of calendar days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the 
Calculation Period begins divided by 
the product of: (x) the number of 
calendar days in such Determination 
Period: 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Dates 
that 
would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
der Anzahl der Kalendertage in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
nächste Feststellungsperiode fallen, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus: (x) der 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in dieser 
Feststellungsperiode; 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungstermine in 
einem Kalenderjahr.  
(B) 
the number of calendar days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the 
product 
of: 
(x) the 
number 
of 
calendar days in such Determination 
Period: 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Dates 
that 
would 
occur in one calendar year.  
"Feststellungsperiode" ist der Zeitraum von 
einem Feststellungstermin (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
nächsten 
Feststellungstermin 
(ausschließlich); dies schließt dann, wenn der 
Verzinsungsbeginn kein Feststellungstermin ist, 
den 
Zeitraum 
ein, 
der 
an 
dem 
ersten 
Feststellungstermin vor dem Verzinsungsbeginn 
anfängt, 
und 
dann, 
wenn 
der 
letzte 
Festzinszahlungstag kein Feststellungstermin ist, 
den 
Zeitraum 
ein, 
der 
an 
dem 
ersten 
Feststellungstermin 
nach 
dem 
letzten 
"Determination Period" means the period from, 
and including, a Determination Date to, but 
excluding, the next Determination Date (including, 
where the Interest Commencement Date is not a 
Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to the Interest 
Commencement Date, and where the final Fixed 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination 
Date, the first Determination Date falling after the 
final Fixed Interest Payment Date, as the case

--- Page 57 ---
57 
Festzinszahlungstag endet. 
may be). 
Die 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine 
im 
Kalenderjahr (jeweils ein "Feststellungstermin") 
beträgt 
[Anzahl 
der 
regulären 
Festzinszahlungstage 
im 
Kalenderjahr 
einfügen].] 
The number of interest determination dates per 
calendar year (each a "Determination Date") is 
[insert number of regular fixed interest 
payment dates per calendar year].] 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ISDA) anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, 
die Summe aus: (x) der tatsächlichen Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
in 
dem 
Teil 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die in das Schaltjahr 
fallen, dividiert durch 366; und (y) die tatsächliche 
Anzahl von Kalendertagen in dem Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
die 
nicht 
in 
ein 
Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 365).] 
[In case Actual/Actual (ISDA) applies, insert: 
the actual number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
calculation portion of that Calculation Period falls 
in a leap year, the sum of: (x) the actual number 
of calendar days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366; and 
(y) the actual number of calendar days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-
leap year divided by 365).]  
[Falls 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 365.] 
[In case Actual/365 (Fixed) applies, insert: the 
actual number of calendar days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.] 
[Falls Actual/360 anwendbar ist, einfügen: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[In case Actual/360 applies, insert: the actual 
number of calendar days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360.] 
[Falls 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der 
Kalendertage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Kalendertagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 
Kalendertagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn: 
(x) der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
fällt 
auf 
den 
31. Kalendertag eines Monats, während der erste 
Kalendertag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
weder 
auf 
den 
30. 
noch 
auf 
den 
31. Kalendertag  eines Monats fällt, wobei in 
diesem 
Fall 
der 
den 
letzten 
Kalendertag 
enthaltende 
Monat 
nicht 
als 
ein 
auf 
30 
Kalendertage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist; 
oder 
(y) der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten 
Kalendertag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln ist).]  
[In case 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
applies, insert: the number of calendar days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number 
of calendar days to be calculated on the basis of 
a year of 360 calendar days with twelve 30-
calendar day months (unless: (x) the last calendar 
day of the Calculation Period is the 31st calendar 
day of a month but the first calendar day of the 
Calculation Period is a calendar day other than 
the 30th or 31st calendar day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last calendar 
day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 
30-calendar day month; or (y) the last calendar 
day of the Calculation Period is the last calendar 
day of the month of February in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-calendar day month).] 
[Falls 
30E/360 
oder 
Eurobond 
Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 360 (wobei die Anzahl der 
Kalendertage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Kalendertagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 
30 Kalendertagen zu ermitteln ist, und zwar ohne 
Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten 
Kalendertages 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei denn, der 
Fälligkeitstag 
ist, 
im 
Fall 
des 
letzten 
[In case 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis applies, 
insert: the number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of 
calendar days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 calendar days with twelve 30-
calendar day months, without regard to the date 
of the first calendar day or last calendar day of the 
Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last 
calendar day of the month of February, in which 
case the month of February shall not be

--- Page 58 ---
58 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
der 
letzte 
Kalendertag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln ist).] 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-calendar day 
month).] 
(2) Variable Verzinsung. 
(2) Variable Interest. 
(a) Variable Zinszahlungstage. 
(a) Variable Interest Payment Dates. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden auf der 
Grundlage 
ihres 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags mit dem Variablen Zinssatz 
(wie nachstehend definiert) verzinst, und zwar 
vom Zinssatzwechseltag (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 (1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich) (der "Zweite Zeitraum"). Zinsen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind im Zweiten 
Zeitraum im Nachhinein an jedem Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
zahlbar. 
"Variabler 
Zinszahlungstag" bedeutet jeder [festgelegte 
Variable 
Zinszahlungstage 
einfügen], 
beginnend 
mit 
dem 
[ersten 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen]. 
The Notes shall bear interest on their outstanding 
aggregate principal amount at the Variable Rate 
of Interest (as defined below) from, and including, 
the Interest Rate Change Date to, but excluding, 
the Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)) (the 
"Second Period"). In the Second Period interest 
on the Notes shall be payable in arrear on each 
Variable 
Interest 
Payment 
Date. 
"Variable 
Interest Payment Date" means each [insert 
specified Variable Interest Payment Dates], 
commencing on [insert first Variable Interest 
Payment Date]. 
Variable 
Zinszahlungstage 
unterliegen 
einer 
Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 (4) 
enthaltenen Bestimmungen. 
Variable Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the provisions set 
out in § 4 (4). 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, deren 
Variabler Zinssatz an einen Referenzzinssatz 
gebunden ist, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes the Variable Rate of Interest 
of which is linked to a Reference Interest Rate, 
insert: 
(b) Variabler Zinssatz. Der variable Zinssatz (der 
"Variable 
Zinssatz") 
für 
jede 
Variable 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist der 
[Zahl, 
Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten Referenzzinssatzes einfügen] per 
annum (der "Referenzzinssatz") [im Fall einer 
Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der 
Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)] [im Fall eines 
Faktors einfügen: [und] multipliziert mit dem 
Faktor 
[Faktor 
einfügen]]. 
Bei 
dem 
Referenzzinssatz handelt es sich um den 
Angebotssatz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per 
annum) für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung 
mit 
einer 
Laufzeit, 
die 
der 
Laufzeit 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes 
entspricht, 
der 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite (wie nachstehend definiert) am 
Feststellungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
gegen [relevante Tageszeit einfügen] Uhr 
([relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) 
angezeigt wird, wobei alle Festlegungen durch 
die Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) angegeben) 
erfolgen. 
(b) Variable Rate of Interest. The variable rate of 
interest (the "Variable Rate of Interest") for each 
Variable Interest Period (as defined below) shall 
be the [insert number, term and name of 
relevant Reference Interest Rate] per annum 
(the "Reference Interest Rate") [in case of a 
Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin (as 
defined below)] [in case of a Factor insert: [and] 
multiplied by the factor [insert Factor]]. Such 
Reference Interest Rate shall be the offered rate 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
deposits in the Specified Currency with a term, 
which corresponds with the term of the Reference 
Interest Rate, which appears on the Screen Page 
(as defined below) as of [insert relevant time] 
([insert relevant financial centre] time) on the 
Determination Day (as defined below), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (as specified 
in § 6 (1)). 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich nicht ändert einfügen: 
Die "Marge" beträgt [Satz einfügen]% per 
annum.] 
[In case of Notes which have a margin which 
does not change, insert: "Margin" means 
[insert rate] per cent. per annum.] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich ändert, einfügen: Die 
"Marge" beträgt für die Variable[n] Zinsperiode[n] 
[in case of Notes which have a margin which 
changes, insert: "Margin" means in respect of 
the Variable Interest Period[s]

--- Page 59 ---
59 
vom 
(einschließlic
h) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[zuzüglich] 
[/] 
[abzüglich] 
[Marge 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
] 
from, 
and 
including, 
to, 
but 
excluding, 
 
 
[insert date] 
[insert 
date] 
[plus] [/] 
[minus] 
[insert 
Margin] per 
cent. per 
annum 
] 
"Variable Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum 
von dem Zinssatzwechseltag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
ersten 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
bzw 
von 
jedem 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils 
darauf 
folgenden 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
"Variable Interest Period" means each period 
from, and including, the Interest Rate Change 
Date to, but excluding, the first Variable Interest 
Payment Date and from, and including, each 
Variable Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, 
the following Variable Interest Payment Date. 
"Feststellungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[ersten] 
[zweiten] 
[andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen einfügen] Geschäftstag (wie in 
§ 1 (6) definiert) [vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der 
jeweiligen Variablen Zinsperiode. 
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] 
[insert other relevant number of Business 
Days] Business Day (as defined in § 1 (6)) [prior 
to the [commencement] [end]] of the relevant 
Variable Interest Period. 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
oder 
die 
Nachfolgeseite, 
die 
von 
dem 
gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des Referenzzinssatzes benannt 
wird, angezeigt wird. 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen 
Page] or the successor page displayed by the 
same 
information 
provider 
or 
any 
other 
information provider nominated by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement information provider for 
the purposes of displaying the Reference Interest 
Rate. 
Sollte 
die 
Bildschirmseite 
nicht 
mehr 
zur 
Verfügung 
stehen, 
oder 
wird 
der 
Referenzzinssatz zu der genannten Zeit am 
relevanten 
Feststellungstag 
nicht 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt, 
wird 
die 
Berechnungsstelle von jeder der Referenzbanken 
(wie nachstehend definiert) deren jeweiligen Satz 
(jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt) 
anfordern, 
zu 
dem 
sie 
Einlagen 
in 
der 
festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die der 
Laufzeit des Referenzzinssatzes entspricht, um 
ca 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) 
am Feststellungstag anbieten. 
If the Screen Page is unavailable or if the 
Reference Interest Rate does not appear on the 
Screen Page as at such time on the relevant 
Determination Day, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
at which it offers deposits in the Specified 
Currency with a term, which corresponds with the 
term 
of 
the 
Reference 
Interest 
Rate, 
at 
approximately [insert relevant time] ([insert 
relevant 
financial 
centre] 
time) 
on 
the 
Determination Day. 
Falls zwei oder mehr Referenzbanken der 
Berechnungsstelle solche Sätze nennen, gilt als 
Referenzzinssatz für die relevante Variable 
Zinsperiode 
das 
arithmetische 
Mittel 
(falls 
erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das 
nächste [falls der Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR 
ist, 
einfügen: 
Tausendstel 
Prozent, 
wobei 
0,0005 
aufgerundet 
wird] 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz nicht EURIBOR ist, einfügen: 
Hunderttausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,000005 
aufgerundet wird]) dieser Sätze, wobei alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such rates, the Reference 
Interest Rate for such Variable Interest Period 
shall be deemed to be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest [if the 
Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR insert: 
one thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.0005 
being 
rounded 
upwards] 
[if 
the 
Reference Interest Rate is not EURIBOR 
insert: one hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards]) of 
such rates, all as determined by the Calculation

--- Page 60 ---
60 
erfolgen. 
Agent. 
Für den Fall, dass der Referenzzinssatz nicht 
gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen dieses 
Absatzes 
ermittelt 
werden 
kann, 
gilt 
als 
Referenzzinssatz für die relevante Variable 
Zinsperiode der von der Berechnungsstelle 
gemäß ihrem billigen Ermessen bestimmte Satz; 
bei der Bestimmung dieses Satzes richtet sich die 
Berechnungsstelle nach der üblichen Marktpraxis. 
If the Reference Interest Rate cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Reference 
Interest Rate for the relevant Variable Interest 
Period shall be deemed to be the rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion; the Calculation Agent shall take 
general market practice into account when 
determining such rate. 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet [relevante Zahl 
einfügen] 
Großbanken 
im 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz nicht der EURIBOR ist, 
einfügen: 
[relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen]] 
Interbankenmarkt 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR ist, einfügen: der 
Euro-Zone oder im Londoner Interbankenmarkt]. 
"Reference Banks" means [insert relevant 
number] major banks in the [if the Reference 
Interest Rate is not EURIBOR insert: [insert 
relevant financial centre]] interbank market [if 
the Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR 
insert: of the Euro-zone or in the London 
interbank market]. 
[Falls der Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR ist, 
einfügen: "Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet 
derjenigen Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen 
Union, die gemäß dem Vertrag über die 
Gründung 
der 
Europäischen 
Gemeinschaft 
(unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 1957), 
geändert durch den Vertrag über die Europäische 
Union (unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 
1992), den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 
1997 und den Vertrag von Lissabon vom 
13. Dezember 
2007, 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, die einheitliche Währung eingeführt 
haben oder jeweils eingeführt haben werden.]] 
[if the Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR 
insert: "Euro-zone" means the region comprised 
of those member states of the European Union 
that have adopted, or will have adopted from time 
to time, the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam 
Treaty of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon 
of 13 December 2007, as further amended from 
time to time.]] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, deren 
Variabler Zinssatz an einen Referenzsatz 
gebunden ist, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes the Variable Rate of Interest 
of which is linked to a Reference Rate, insert: 
(b) Variabler Zinssatz. Der variable Zinssatz (der 
"Variable 
Zinssatz") 
für 
jede 
Variable 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist [Zahl, 
Laufzeit 
und 
relevanten 
Referenzsatz 
einfügen] per annum (der "Referenzsatz")] [im 
Fall 
einer 
Marge 
einfügen: 
[zuzüglich] 
[abzüglich] 
der 
Marge 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert)] [im Fall eines Faktors einfügen: [und] 
multipliziert mit dem Faktor [Faktor einfügen]]. 
Bei dem Referenzsatz handelt es sich um den 
Swap-Satz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per 
annum) 
für 
Swap-Transaktionen 
in 
der 
festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit von 
[relevanten Zeitraum einfügen], der auf der 
Bildschirmseite (wie nachstehend definiert) am 
Feststellungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
gegen [relevante Tageszeit einfügen] Uhr 
([relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) 
angezeigt wird, wobei alle Festlegungen durch 
die Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) angegeben) 
erfolgen. 
(b) Variable Rate of Interest. The variable rate of 
interest (the "Variable Rate of Interest") for each 
Variable Interest Period (as defined below) shall 
be 
[insert 
number, 
term 
and 
relevant 
Reference Rate] per annum (the "Reference 
Rate")] [in case of a Margin insert: [plus] 
[minus] the Margin (as defined below)] [in case 
of a Factor insert: [and] multiplied by the factor 
[insert Factor]]. Such Reference Rate shall be 
the swap rate (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for swap transactions in the Specified 
Currency with a term of [insert relevant term] 
which appears on the Screen Page (as defined 
below) as of [insert relevant time] ([insert 
relevant 
financial 
centre] 
time) 
on 
the 
Determination Day (as defined below), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (as specified 
in § 6 (1)). 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich nicht ändert einfügen: 
Die "Marge" beträgt [Satz einfügen]% per 
annum.] 
[In case of Notes which have a margin which 
does not change, insert: "Margin" means 
[insert rate] per cent. per annum.]

--- Page 61 ---
61 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich ändert, einfügen: Die 
"Marge" beträgt für die Variable[n] Zinsperiode[n] 
[in case of Notes which have a margin which 
changes, insert: "Margin" means in respect of 
the Variable Interest Period[s] 
vom 
(einschließlic
h) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[zuzüglich] 
[/] 
[abzüglich] 
[Marge 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
] 
from, 
and 
including, 
to, 
but 
excluding, 
 
 
[insert date] 
[insert 
date] 
[plus] [/] 
[minus] 
[insert 
Margin] per 
cent. per 
annum 
] 
"Variable Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum 
von dem Zinssatzwechseltag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
ersten 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
bzw 
von 
jedem 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils 
darauf 
folgenden 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
"Variable Interest Period" means each period 
from, and including, the Interest Rate Change 
Date to, but excluding, the first Variable Interest 
Payment Date and from, and including, each 
Variable Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, 
the following Variable Interest Payment Date. 
"Feststellungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[ersten] 
[zweiten] 
[andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen einfügen] Geschäftstag (wie in 
§ 1 (6) definiert) [vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der 
jeweiligen Variablen Zinsperiode. 
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] 
[insert other relevant number of Business 
Days] Business Day (as defined in § 1 (6)) [prior 
to the [commencement] [end]] of the relevant 
Variable Interest Period. 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
oder 
die 
Nachfolgeseite, 
die 
von 
dem 
gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des Referenzsatzes benannt wird, 
angezeigt wird. 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen 
Page] or the successor page displayed by the 
same 
information 
provider 
or 
any 
other 
information provider nominated by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement information provider for 
the purposes of displaying the Reference Rate. 
Sollte 
die 
Bildschirmseite 
nicht 
mehr 
zur 
Verfügung stehen, oder wird der Referenzsatz zu 
der 
genannten 
Zeit 
am 
relevanten 
Feststellungstag nicht auf der Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt, wird die Berechnungsstelle von jeder 
der Referenzbanken (wie nachstehend definiert) 
deren 
jeweiligen 
Marktmittelkurs 
für 
den 
Swapsatz (jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum 
ausgedrückt), 
um 
ca 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Ortszeit) 
am 
Feststellungstag 
anfordern. "Marktmittelkurs für den Swapsatz" 
bezeichnet das Mittel der Geld- und Briefkurse für 
den 
festverzinslichen 
Teil 
einer 
Zinsswaptransaktion 
in 
der 
festgelegten 
Währung, bei der ein fester Zinssatz gegen einen 
variablen Zinssatz getauscht wird, wobei der 
variabel verzinsliche Teil dem [Zahl, Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzsatzes einfügen] per annum entspricht, 
der auf [relevante Bildschirmseite einfügen] 
(oder der Nachfolgeseite, die von dem gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
If the Screen Page is unavailable or if the 
Reference Rate does not appear on the Screen 
Page 
as 
at 
such 
time 
on 
the 
relevant 
Determination Day, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
mid-market 
swap 
rate 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage rate per annum) at approximately 
[insert relevant time] ([insert relevant financial 
centre] time) on the Determination Day. "Mid-
market swap rate" means the mean of the bid 
and offered rates for the fixed leg of a fixed-for-
floating rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency where the floating leg is equivalent to 
[insert number, term and relevant Reference 
Rate] per annum, which appears on [insert 
relevant screen page] (or the successor page 
displayed by the same information provider or any 
other information provider nominated by the 
Calculation Agent as the replacement information 
provider for the purposes of displaying the [insert 
number, term and relevant Reference Rate].

--- Page 62 ---
62 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des [Zahl, Laufzeit und 
Bezeichnung des relevanten Referenzsatzes 
einfügen] benannt wird), angezeigt wird. 
Falls drei oder mehr Referenzbanken 
der 
Berechnungsstelle solche Sätze nennen, gilt als 
Referenzsatz 
für 
die 
relevante 
Variable 
Zinsperiode 
das 
arithmetische 
Mittel 
(falls 
erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das 
nächste 
Hunderttausendstel 
Prozent, 
wobei 
0,000005 aufgerundet wird) dieser Sätze, wobei 
der höchste Satz (oder, falls es mehrere gleich 
hohe Höchstsätze geben sollte, einer dieser 
Höchstsätze) und der niedrigste Satz (oder, falls 
es mehrere gleich niedrige Niedrigstsätze geben 
sollte, 
einer 
dieser 
Niedrigstsätze) 
unberücksichtigt bleiben, wobei alle Festlegungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
If three or more of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such rates, the 
Reference Rate for the relevant Variable Interest 
Period shall be deemed to be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such rates 
eliminating the highest rate (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and the lowest rate 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest), all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Für den Fall, dass der Referenzsatz nicht gemäß 
den 
vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
Absatzes 
ermittelt 
werden 
kann, 
gilt 
als 
Referenzsatz für die relevante Zinsperiode der 
von der Berechnungsstelle gemäß ihrem billigen 
Ermessen bestimmte Satz; bei der Bestimmung 
dieses Satzes richtet sich die Berechnungsstelle 
nach der üblichen Marktpraxis.] 
If the Reference Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Reference Rate for the relevant 
Variable Interest Period shall be deemed to be 
the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion; the Calculation Agent shall 
take general market practice into account when 
determining such rate.]  
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet [relevante Zahl 
einfügen] 
Großbanken 
im 
[falls 
der 
Referenzsatz kein Euro-Swapsatz ist einfügen: 
[relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen]] 
Interbankenmarkt [falls der Referenzsatz ein 
Euro-Swapsatz ist, einfügen: der Euro-Zone 
oder im Londoner Interbankenmarkt]. 
"Reference Banks" means [insert relevant 
number] major banks in the [if the Reference 
Rate is not a Euro swap rate insert: [insert 
relevant financial centre]] interbank market [if 
the Reference Rate is a Euro swap rate insert: 
of the Euro-zone or in the London interbank 
market].  
[Falls der Referenzsatz ein Euro-Swapsatz ist, 
einfügen: "Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet 
derjenigen Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen 
Union, die gemäß dem Vertrag über die 
Gründung 
der 
Europäischen 
Gemeinschaft 
(unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 1957), 
geändert durch den Vertrag über die Europäische 
Union (unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 
1992), den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 
1997 und den Vertrag von Lissabon vom 
13. Dezember 
2007, 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, die einheitliche Währung eingeführt 
haben oder jeweils eingeführt haben werden.]] 
[If the Reference Rate is a Euro swap rate 
insert: "Euro-zone" means the region comprised 
of those member states of the European Union 
that have adopted, or will have adopted from time 
to time, the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam 
Treaty of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon 
of 13 December 2007, as further amended from 
time to time.]] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit einem 
inflationsabhängigen Zinssatz einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with an inflation linked 
interest rate insert: 
(b) Variabler Zinssatz. Der variable Zinssatz (der 
"Variable 
Zinssatz") 
für 
jede 
Variable 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist wird 
als Zinssatz in Prozent per annum ("Ian(t)") 
ausgedrückt und von der Berechnungsstelle 
gemäß folgender Formel bestimmt: 
(b) Variable Rate of Interest. The variable rate of 
interest (the "Variable Rate of Interest") for each 
Variable Interest Period (as defined below) shall 
be expressed as a rate in per cent per annum 
("Ian(t)") and calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Ian(t) = [ Min{ ] [ Max{ ] ((HVPI(t) – HVPI(t-1)) / 
HVPI(t-1)) [*100] [* Faktor] [+] [-] [Zuschlag] 
[Abschlag] [; Wert } ] [+] [-] [Marge] 
Ian(t) = [ Min{ ] [ Max{ ] (HICP(t) – HICP(t-1)) / 
HICP(t-1) [*100] [* Factor] [+] [-] [Surcharge] 
[Reduction] [;Value } ] [+] [-] [Margin]

--- Page 63 ---
63 
"HVPI(t)" bezeichnet den Stand des HVPI, wie er 
in Bezug auf [Bezugszeitraum (t) einfügen] 
veröffentlicht wird. 
"HICP(t)" means the level of the HICP that is 
published by reference to the [insert reference 
period(t)]. 
"HVPI(t-1)" bezeichnet den Stand des HVPI, der 
in Bezug auf [Bezugszeitraum (t-1) einfügen] 
veröffentlicht wird. 
"HICP(t-1)" means the level of the HICP that is 
published by reference to the [insert reference 
period(t-1)]. 
["Abschlag" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] 
[Anzahl von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit 
[Höhe des Abschlags einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Reduction" means a defined [number] [number 
of percentage points] and has been determined 
as [Insert amount of reduction].] 
["Zuschlag" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] 
[Anzahl von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit 
[Höhe des Zuschlags einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Surcharge" means a defined [number] [number 
of percentage points] and has been determined 
as [Insert amount of surcharge].] 
["Wert" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] [Anzahl 
von Prozentpunkten], die für einen Zinssatz steht, 
und wurde mit [Höhe des Wertes einfügen] 
festgelegt.] 
["Value" means a defined [number] [number of 
percentage points] which stands for a percentage 
rate, and has been determined as [Insert amount 
of value].] 
["Faktor" 
bedeutet 
eine 
definierte 
Zahl 
(Multiplikator des Inflationszinssatzes) und wurde 
mit [Höhe des Faktors einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Factor" means a defined number (a multiplier of 
the Inflation Rate) and has been determined as 
[Insert amount of factor].] 
["Marge" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] [Anzahl 
von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit [Höhe der 
Marge einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Margin" means a defined [number] [number of 
percentage points] and has been determined as 
[Insert amount of factor].] 
"HVPI" 
oder 
"Index" 
ist 
der 
unrevidierte 
Harmonisierte 
Verbraucherpreisindex 
(ohne 
Tabak) für die Euro-Zone (wie nachstehend 
definiert), der monatlich vom Statistischen Amt 
der Europäischen Gemeinschaft (nachfolgend 
"EUROSTAT" oder "Indexsponsor" genannt) 
berechnet 
wird, 
und 
welcher 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
am 
Feststellungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) veröffentlicht wird. 
"HICP" or "Index" is the unrevised Harmonised 
Index of Consumer Prices (excluding Tobacco) 
for the Euro-Zone (as defined below), which is 
calculated on a monthly basis by the statistical 
office of the European Union (the "EUROSTAT" 
or the "Index Sponsor") and published on the 
Screen Page on the Determination Day (as 
defined below). 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
oder 
die 
Nachfolgeseite, 
die 
von 
dem 
gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des Index benannt wird, 
angezeigt wird. 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen 
Page] or the successor page displayed by the 
same 
information 
provider 
or 
any 
other 
information provider nominated by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement information provider for 
the purposes of displaying the Index. 
Falls die Bildschirmseite nicht länger existiert und 
keine offizielle Nachfolgeseite bekannt gegeben 
wird, wird die Berechnungsstelle eine alternative 
Referenz für den Index festlegen. 
If the Screen Page ceases to exist and no official 
successor page is announced, the Calculation 
Agent will determine other reference with respect 
to the Index. 
Im Fall einer Änderung eines veröffentlichten 
Indexstandes, der nach mehr als 24 Stunden 
nach der ersten Veröffentlichung erfolgt, soll in 
jedem 
Fall 
der 
zunächst 
ursprünglich 
veröffentlichte 
Indexstand 
zur 
Berechnung 
maßgeblich sein. 
In case of any amendment of the published index 
level 24 hours after the first publication, the index 
level published first shall, in any case, be 
applicable to the calculation. 
Wird der Index nicht mehr vom Indexsponsor, 
sondern von einer anderen Person, Gesellschaft 
oder Institution, die die Berechnungsstelle für 
geeignet 
hält 
(der 
"Nachfolgesponsor") 
berechnet 
und 
veröffentlicht, 
so 
wird 
der 
anwendbare Zinssatz auf der Grundlage des vom 
Nachfolgesponsor 
berechneten 
und 
If the Index is not calculated and published by the 
Index Sponsor any more but by another person, 
corporation or institution, which the Calculation 
Agent 
considers 
suitable 
(the 
"Successor 
Sponsor"), the applicable Rate of Interest shall 
be calculated on the basis of the Index calculated 
and published by the Successor Sponsor. Any

--- Page 64 ---
64 
veröffentlichten 
Index 
berechnet. 
Jede 
hier 
enthaltene Bezugnahme auf den Indexsponsor 
gilt, sofern es der Zusammenhang erlaubt, als 
Bezugnahme auf den Nachfolgesponsor. 
reference to Index Sponsor contained herein, 
shall, in this context, be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Sponsor. 
Wird der Index zu irgendeiner Zeit aufgehoben 
und/oder durch einen anderen Index ersetzt, legt 
die Berechnungsstelle nach billigem Ermessen 
fest, welcher Index künftig für die Berechnung 
des anwendbaren Zinssatzes zugrunde zu legen 
ist (der "Nachfolgeindex"). Der Nachfolgeindex 
sowie 
der 
Zeitpunkt 
seiner 
erstmaligen 
Anwendung werden so bald wie möglich jedoch 
keinesfalls später als am Zinsenfestlegungstag 
bekannt 
gemacht. 
Jede 
hier 
enthaltene 
Bezugnahme auf den Index gilt, sofern es der 
Zusammenhang erlaubt, als Bezugnahme auf 
den Nachfolgeindex. 
If at any time the Index is cancelled and/or 
replaced by any other index, the Calculation 
Agent 
shall, 
at 
its 
reasonable 
discretion, 
determine 
the 
Index 
which 
the 
following 
calculation of the applicable Rate of Interest will 
be based on (the "Successor Index"). The 
Successor Index and the time of its first 
application will be announced as soon as possible 
but not later than on the Determination Date. Any 
reference to the Index contained herein, shall, in 
this context, be deemed to refer to the Successor 
Index. 
Ist nach Ansicht der Berechnungsstelle: (i) die 
Festlegung eines Nachfolgeindex aus welchen 
Gründen 
auch 
immer 
nicht 
möglich; 
oder 
(ii) nimmt der Indexsponsor eine wesentliche 
Veränderung 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Berechnungsmethode zur Bestimmung des Index 
vor oder verändert der Indexsponsor den Index 
auf irgendeine andere Weise wesentlich, wird die 
Berechnungsstelle 
die 
Weiterrechnung 
und 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Indexstandes 
unter 
Berücksichtigung des Grundsatzes von Treu und 
Glauben und in wirtschaftlich vernünftiger Art und 
Weise durchführen. 
If according to the Calculation Agent’s opinion: 
(i) the determination of the Successor Index is, for 
whatever reason, not possible; or (ii) the Index 
Sponsor significantly changes the method of 
calculating the Index or the Index Sponsor 
significantly changes the Index in any other way, 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
shall 
make 
further 
calculations and publications of the index level 
acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
"Euro Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen Union, die 
gemäß dem Vertrag über die Gründung der 
Europäischen Gemeinschaft (unterzeichnet in 
Rom am 25. März 1957), geändert durch den 
Vertrag 
über 
die 
Europäische 
Union 
(unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 1992) 
und dem Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 
1997, 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, 
eine 
einheitliche Währung eingeführt haben oder 
jeweils eingeführt haben werden. 
"Euro-Zone" means the area of the member 
states of the European Union which have adopted 
or will adopt a single currency pursuant to the 
Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed on 25 March 1957 in Rome), as amended 
by the Treaty on the European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992) and pursuant to 
the Amsterdam Treaty of 2 October 1997, as 
amended from time to time. 
"Variable Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum 
von dem Zinssatzwechseltag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
ersten 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
bzw 
von 
jedem 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils 
darauf 
folgenden 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
"Variable Interest Period" means each period 
from, and including, the Interest Rate Change 
Date to, but excluding, the first Variable Interest 
Payment Date and from, and including, each 
Variable Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, 
the following Variable Interest Payment Date. 
"Feststellungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[ersten] 
[zweiten] 
[andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen einfügen] Geschäftstag (wie in 
§ 1 (6) definiert) [vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der 
jeweiligen Variablen Zinsperiode.] 
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] 
[insert other relevant number of Business 
Days] Business Day (as defined in § 1 (6)) [prior 
to the [commencement] [end]] of the relevant 
Variable Interest Period.] 
[Ende 
der 
Bestimmungen 
für 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
einem 
inflationsabhängigen Zinssatz] 
[End of provisions for Notes with an inflation 
linked interest rate] 
[Falls 
ein 
Mindest- 
und/oder 
ein 
Höchstzinssatz für den Variablen Zinssatz gilt, 
[If a Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of 
Interest for the Variable Rate of Interest

--- Page 65 ---
65 
einfügen: 
applies, insert: 
(c) [Mindest-] [und] [Höchst-] [und] [Memory-] 
Zinssatz. 
(c) [Minimum] [and] [Maximum] [and] [Memory] 
Rate of Interest. 
[Falls ein Mindestzinssatz gilt, einfügen: 
Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für 
eine Variable Zinsperiode ermittelte Variable 
Zinssatz niedriger ist 
als 
[Mindestzinssatz 
einfügen]% per annum, so ist der Variable 
Zinssatz 
für 
diese 
Variable 
Zinsperiode 
[Mindestzinssatz 
einfügen]% 
per 
annum.] 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibung eine Memory 
Floater-Zinsstruktur aufweist, einfügen: Wenn 
der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Variable 
Zinsperiode 
(die 
"maßgebliche 
Zinsperiode") 
ermittelte 
Variable 
Zinssatz 
niedriger ist als der Variable Zinssatz der 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden 
Variablen 
Zinsperiode, so ist der Variable Zinssatz für die 
maßgebliche Variable Zinsperiode der Variable 
Zinssatz 
der 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden 
Variablen Zinsperiode ("Memory Floater").] 
[If Minimum Rate of Interest applies, insert: 
If the Variable Rate of Interest in respect of any 
Variable 
Interest 
Period 
determined 
in 
accordance with the above provisions is less than 
[insert Minimum Rate of Interest] per cent. per 
annum, the Variable Rate of Interest for such 
Variable Interest Period shall be [insert Minimum 
Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum.] [In case 
the Notes have a Memory Floater interest 
structure, insert: If the Variable Rate of Interest 
in respect of any Variable Interest Period (the 
"relevant 
Interest 
Period") 
determined 
in 
accordance with the above provisions is less than 
the Variable Rate of Interest of the immediately 
preceding Variable Interest Period, the Variable 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Variable Interest 
Period shall be the Variable Rate of Interest of the 
immediately preceding Variable Interest Period 
("Memory Floater").] 
[Falls 
mehrere 
Mindestzinssätze 
gelten, 
einfügen: 
Wenn 
der 
gemäß 
den 
obigen 
Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz niedriger ist als der für die maßgebliche 
Zinsperiode in nachstehender Tabelle angeführte 
Mindestzinssatz (der "Mindestzinssatz") in % per 
annum, so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
dieser Mindestzinssatz.  
[If more than one Minimum Rate of Interest 
applies, insert: If the Rate of Interest in respect 
of any Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the above provisions is less than the 
minimum rate of interest as indicated in the below 
table in per cent. per annum, (the "Minimum 
Rate of Interest") the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be the Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
vom 
(einschließli
ch) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
Mindest-
zinssatz 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
(einschließ-
lich 
des 
Fälligkeits-
tags 
und 
des 
Erweiterten 
Fälligkeits-
tags 
(falls 
anwendbar)
) einfügen] 
[Mindest-
zinssatz 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
from, and 
including, 
to, but 
excluding, 
Minimum 
Rate of 
[insert date] 
[insert date 
(including 
the Maturity 
Date 
and 
the 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date 
(if 
applicable))
] 
[insert 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest] per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
 
[Falls ein Höchstzinssatz gilt, einfügen: 
Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für 
eine Variable Zinsperiode ermittelte Variable 
Zinssatz 
höher 
ist 
als 
[Höchstzinssatz 
einfügen]% per annum, so ist der Variable 
Zinssatz 
für 
diese 
Variable 
Zinsperiode 
[Höchstzinssatz einfügen]% per annum.]] 
[If Maximum Rate of Interest applies insert: 
If the Variable Rate of Interest in respect of any 
Variable 
Interest 
Period 
determined 
in 
accordance with the above provisions is greater 
than [insert Maximum Rate of Interest] per 
cent. per annum, the Variable Rate of Interest for 
such Variable Interest Period shall be [insert 
Maximum Rate of Interest] per cent. per 
annum.]] 
([d]) Berechnung des Variablen Zinsbetrags. Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
wird 
den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden variablen 
([d]) Calculation of Variable Amount of Interest. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of 
interest payable under the Notes in respect of the

--- Page 66 ---
66 
Zinsbetrag 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
festgelegte 
Stückelung für die relevante Variable Zinsperiode 
(der "Variable Zinsbetrag") berechnen. Der 
Variable Zinsbetrag wird berechnet, indem der 
Variable Zinssatz auf die festgelegte Stückelung 
angewendet 
wird, 
dieser 
Betrag 
mit 
dem 
Variablen Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend 
definiert) 
multipliziert 
und 
der 
hieraus 
resultierende Betrag auf die nächste Untereinheit 
der festgelegten Währung gerundet wird, wobei 
eine halbe Untereinheit aufgerundet wird oder die 
Rundung ansonsten gemäß der anwendbaren 
Marktkonvention 
erfolgt. 
Im 
Falle 
einer 
Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Variablen 
Zinsperiode kann der auf diese Weise berechnete 
Variable 
Zinsbetrag 
ohne 
Vorankündigung 
nachträglich angepasst (oder andere geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. 
Specified Denomination for the relevant Variable 
Interest Period (the "Variable Amount of 
Interest"). The Variable Amount of Interest shall 
be calculated by applying the Variable Rate of 
Interest 
to 
the 
Specified 
Denomination, 
multiplying such sum by the applicable Variable 
Day Count Fraction (as defined below) and 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-
unit of the relevant Specified Currency, with half 
of such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Each Variable Amount of Interest so 
calculated may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Variable Interest 
Period. 
([e]) Mitteilungen des Variablen Zinssatzes. Die 
Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass die 
Variable Zinsperiode und der Variable Zinssatz 
für die relevante Variable Zinsperiode der 
Emittentin, 
jeder 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt 
notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an 
die Börse verlangen, und den Gläubigern gemäß 
§ [10/11] baldmöglichst nach ihrer Bestimmung 
mitgeteilt werden. 
([e]) Notification of Variable Rate of Interest. The 
Calculation Agent will cause the Variable Interest 
Period and the Variable Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Variable Interest Period to be notified to 
the Issuer, any stock exchange on which the 
Notes are from time to time listed (if required by 
the rules of such stock exchange) and to the 
Holders in accordance with § [10/11] as soon as 
possible after their determination. 
([f]) Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Festsetzungen. 
Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, 
Quotierungen 
und 
Entscheidungen, 
die 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke dieses § 3 
gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder eingeholt 
werden, 
sind 
(sofern 
keine 
vorsätzliche 
Pflichtverletzung, kein böser Glaube und kein 
offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, 
die Emissionsstelle, den Zahlstellen und die 
Gläubiger bindend, und, sofern keiner der 
vorstehend genannten Umstände vorliegt, haftet 
die 
Berechnungsstelle nicht gegenüber der 
Emittentin, der Emissionsstelle, den Zahlstellen 
oder den Gläubigern im Zusammenhang mit der 
Ausübung oder Nichtausübung ihrer Rechte und 
Pflichten und ihres Ermessens gemäß solchen 
Bestimmungen. 
([f]) Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
the provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation Agent 
shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders 
and, in the absence of the aforesaid, no liability to 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents or 
the Holders shall attach to the Calculation Agent 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by 
it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to 
such provisions. 
([g]) Variabler 
Zinstagequotient. 
"Variabler 
Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die 
Berechnung 
eines 
Zinsbetrags 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Variable 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
([g]) Variable Day Count Fraction. "Variable Day 
Count Fraction" means, in respect of the 
calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (the "Variable Calculation 
Period"): 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ICMA) anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
[In case Actual/Actual (ICMA) applies, insert: 
1. 
falls der Variable Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
kürzer 
ist 
als 
die 
Variable 
Feststellungsperiode, in die das Ende des 
Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, 
oder 
falls 
der 
Variable 
1. 
if the Variable Calculation Period is equal to 
or shorter than the Variable Determination 
Period during which the Variable Calculation 
Period ends, the number of calendar days in 
such Variable Calculation Period divided by

--- Page 67 ---
67 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
der 
Variablen 
Feststellungsperiode entspricht, die Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage 
in 
dem 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch das 
Produkt 
aus 
(x) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage 
in 
der 
Variablen 
Feststellungsperiode und (y) der Anzahl 
der Variablen Feststellungstermine (wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben) 
in 
einem 
Kalenderjahr; oder  
the product of (x) the number of calendar 
days in such Variable Determination Period 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Variable 
Determination Dates (as specified below) 
that would occur in one calendar year; or 
2. 
falls der Variable Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
länger 
ist 
als 
die 
Variable 
Feststellungsperiode, in die das Ende des 
Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, 
die Summe aus  
2. 
if the Variable Calculation Period is longer 
than the Variable Determination Period 
during which the Variable Calculation Period 
ends, the sum of  
(A) 
der Anzahl der Kalendertage in dem 
Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
die 
in 
die 
Variable 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, 
in 
welcher 
der 
Variable 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
beginnt, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus: (x) der 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in der 
Variablen Feststellungsperiode: und 
(y) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Variablen 
Feststellungstermine 
in 
einem 
Kalenderjahr; und 
(A) the number of calendar days in such 
Variable Calculation Period falling in 
the Variable Determination Period in 
which the Variable Calculation Period 
begins divided by the product of: 
(x) the number of calendar days in 
such Variable Determination Period; 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Variable 
Determination Dates that would occur 
in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
der Anzahl der Kalendertage in dem 
Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
die 
in 
die 
nächste 
Variable 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, geteilt 
durch 
das 
Produkt 
aus 
(x) der 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in dieser 
Variablen Feststellungsperiode und 
(y) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Variablen 
Feststellungstermine 
in 
einem 
Kalenderjahr. 
(B) the number of calendar days in such 
Variable Calculation Period falling in 
the 
next 
Variable 
Determination 
Period divided by the product of 
(x) the number of calendar days in 
such Variable Determination Period 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Variable 
Determination Dates that would occur 
in one calendar year. 
"Variable Feststellungsperiode" ist der Zeitraum 
von 
einem 
Variablen 
Feststellungstermin 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächsten Variablen 
Feststellungstermin (ausschließlich); dies schließt 
dann, wenn der Variable Verzinsungsbeginn kein 
Variabler Feststellungstermin ist, den Zeitraum 
ein, 
der 
an 
dem 
ersten 
Variablen 
Feststellungstermin 
vor 
dem 
Variablen 
Verzinsungsbeginn anfängt, und dann, wenn der 
letzte Variable Zinszahlungstag kein Variabler 
Feststellungstermin ist, den Zeitraum ein, der an 
dem ersten Variablen Feststellungstermin nach 
dem letzten Variablen Zinszahlungstag endet. 
"Variable Determination Period" means the 
period 
from, 
and 
including, 
a 
Variable 
Determination Date to, but excluding, the next 
Variable Determination Date (including, where the 
Variable Interest Commencement Date is not a 
Variable 
Determination 
Date, 
the 
period 
commencing on the first Variable Determination 
Date 
prior 
to 
the 
Variable 
Interest 
Commencement Date, and where the final 
Variable Interest Payment Date is not a Variable 
Determination 
Date, 
the 
first 
Variable 
Determination Date falling after the final Variable 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be). 
Die Anzahl der Variablen Feststellungstermine im 
Kalenderjahr 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Variabler 
Feststellungstermin") 
beträgt 
[Anzahl 
der 
regulären 
variablen 
Zinszahlungstage 
im 
Kalenderjahr einfügen].] 
The number of variable determination dates per 
calendar year (each a "Variable Determination 
Date") is [insert number of regular variable 
interest payment dates per calendar year].] 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ISDA) anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Variablen 
[In case Actual/Actual (ISDA) applies, insert: 
the actual number of calendar days in the 
Variable Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if

--- Page 68 ---
68 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 
(oder, 
falls 
ein 
Teil 
des 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, 
die Summe aus: (x) der tatsächlichen Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
in 
dem 
Teil 
des 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die in das Schaltjahr 
fallen, dividiert durch 366; und (y) die tatsächliche 
Anzahl von Kalendertagen in dem Teil des 
Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die nicht in 
ein Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 365).] 
any calculation portion of that Variable Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of: (x) the 
actual number of calendar days in that portion of 
the Variable Calculation Period falling in a leap 
year divided by 366; and (y) the actual number of 
calendar days in that portion of the Variable 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365).] 
[Falls 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
[In case Actual/365 (Fixed) applies, insert: the 
actual number of calendar days in the Variable 
Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
[Falls Actual/360 anwendbar ist, einfügen: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert 
durch 360.] 
[In case Actual/360 applies, insert: the actual 
number of calendar days in the Variable 
Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
[Falls 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, 
wobei die Anzahl der Kalendertage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Kalendertagen 
mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Kalendertagen zu 
ermitteln 
ist 
(es 
sei 
denn: 
(x) der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
fällt 
auf 
den 
31. Kalendertag eines Monats, während der erste 
Kalendertag 
des 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 30. 
noch auf den 31. Kalendertag eines Monats fällt, 
wobei in diesem Fall der den letzten Kalendertag 
enthaltende 
Monat 
nicht 
als 
ein 
auf 
30 Kalendertage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln 
ist, oder (y) der letzte Kalendertag des Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten 
Kalendertag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln ist).] 
[In case 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
applies, insert: the number of calendar days in 
the Variable Calculation Period divided by 360, 
the number of calendar days to be calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 calendar days with 
twelve 30-calendar day months (unless: (x) the 
last calendar day of the Variable Calculation 
Period is the 31st calendar day of a month but the 
first calendar day of the Variable Calculation 
Period is a calendar day other than the 30th or 
31st calendar day of a month, in which case the 
month that includes that last calendar day shall 
not be considered to be shortened to a 30-
calendar day month, or (y) the last calendar day 
of the Variable Calculation Period is the last 
calendar day of the month of February in which 
case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-calendar day 
month).] 
[Falls 
30E/360 
oder 
Eurobond 
Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360 
(wobei die Anzahl der Kalendertage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Kalendertagen 
mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Kalendertagen zu 
ermitteln ist, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des 
Datums des ersten oder letzten Kalendertages 
des Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei 
denn, der Fälligkeitstag ist, im Fall des letzten 
Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraums, der letzte 
Kalendertag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln ist).] 
[In case 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis applies, 
insert: the number of calendar days in the 
Variable Calculation Period divided by 360 (the 
number of calendar days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 calendar days with twelve 
30-calendar day months, without regard to the 
date of the first calendar day or last calendar day 
of the Variable Calculation Period unless, in the 
case of the final Variable Calculation Period, the 
Maturity Date is the last calendar day of the 
month of February, in which case the month of 
February 
shall 
not 
be 
considered 
to 
be 
lengthened to a 30-calendar day month).] 
([3]) Verzugszinsen. 
Der 
Zinslauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Ablauf des 
([3]) Default Interest. The Notes shall cease to 
bear interest from the expiry of the calendar day

--- Page 69 ---
69 
Kalendertages, der dem Kalendertag vorangeht, 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin 
die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht 
einlöst, wird der ausstehende Gesamtnennbetrag 
der Schuldverschreibungen vom Kalendertag der 
Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Kalendertag der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) weiterhin 
in Höhe des jeweils vorgesehenen Zinssatzes 
verzinst. 
Weitergehende 
Ansprüche 
der 
Gläubiger bleiben unberührt.] 
preceding the due date for redemption. If the 
Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, 
interest 
shall 
continue 
to 
accrue 
on 
the 
outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes from, and including, the due date for 
redemption to, but excluding, the date of actual 
redemption of the Notes at the respective rate of 
interest specified. This does not affect any 
additional rights that might be available to the 
Holders.] 
[Bei 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
Referenz[zins]satz, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a Reference [Interest] 
Rate, insert: 
([4]) Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz. Im Fall eines 
Benchmark-Ereignisses 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert): (i) bemüht sich die Emittentin im 
angemessenen Umfang einen Unabhängigen 
Berater zu ernennen, um im billigen Ermessen 
des Unabhängigen Beraters (in Abstimmung mit 
der Berechnungsstelle und in gutem Glauben und 
auf 
eine 
wirtschaftlich 
vernünftige 
Weise 
handelnd (das "Ersetzungsziel")) einen Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz zu bestimmen, der an die 
Stelle des vom Benchmark-Ereignis betroffenen 
ursprünglichen Referenz[zins]satzes tritt; oder 
(ii) falls der Unabhängige Berater von der 
Emittentin 
nicht 
ernannt 
wird 
oder 
nicht 
zeitgerecht ernannt werden kann oder falls ein 
Unabhängiger Berater von der Emittentin ernannt 
wird, 
aber 
dieser 
keinen 
Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz bestimmt, dann kann die 
Emittentin 
(unter 
Berücksichtigung 
des 
Ersetzungsziels) bestimmen, welcher Satz (falls 
überhaupt) 
den 
vom 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
betroffenen 
ursprünglichen 
Referenz[zins]satz 
ersetzt hat. Ein Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz gilt ab 
dem vom Unabhängigen Berater oder von der 
Emittentin (je nachdem) im billigen Ermessen 
bestimmten 
Feststellungstag 
(einschließlich), 
frühestens jedoch ab dem Feststellungstag, der 
mit dem Benchmark-Ereignis zusammenfällt oder 
auf dieses folgt, erstmals mit Wirkung für die 
Zinsperiode, für die an diesem Feststellungstag 
der Zinssatz festgelegt wird. Der "Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz" ist ein Satz (ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz per annum), der sich aus einem vom 
Unabhängigen Berater oder von der Emittentin (je 
nachdem) im billigen Ermessen festgelegten 
Alternativ-Referenz[zins]satz 
(der 
"Alternativ-
Referenz[zins]satz"), der von einem Dritten 
bereitgestellt wird und der alle anwendbaren 
rechtlichen Voraussetzungen erfüllt, um ihn zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen zu verwenden, mit 
den vom Unabhängigen Berater oder von der 
Emittentin (je nachdem) im billigen Ermessen 
gegebenenfalls bestimmten Anpassungen, die in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
einer 
Allgemein 
Akzeptierten 
Marktpraxis, 
einem 
Amtlichen 
Ersetzungskonzept oder einer Branchenlösung 
([4]) Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate. In the 
event of a Benchmark Event: (i) the Issuer shall 
use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent 
Advisor 
to 
determine 
in 
the 
Independent Advisor's reasonable discretion (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent and acting 
in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner 
(the 
"Substitution 
Objective")) 
a 
Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate which shall 
replace the original Reference [Interest] Rate 
affected by the Benchmark Event; or (ii) if no 
Independent Advisor is or can be timely appointed 
by the Issuer or if an Independent Advisor is 
appointed by the Issuer, but fails to determine a 
Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate, then the 
Issuer 
(in 
consideration 
of 
the 
Substitute 
Objective) may determine which (if any) rate has 
replaced the original Reference [Interest] Rate 
affected by the Benchmark Event. Any Substitute 
Reference [Interest] Rate shall apply from (and 
including) the Determination Day determined by 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) in its due discretion, which shall be 
no earlier than the Determination Day falling on or 
immediately following the date of the Benchmark 
Event, with first effect for the Interest Period for 
which the Rate of Interest is determined on such 
Determination Day. The "Substitute Reference 
[Interest] Rate" shall be a rate (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) which corresponds to 
an alternative reference [interest] rate (the 
"Alternative 
Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate") 
provided by a third party and meeting any 
applicable legal requirements for being used for 
determining the payment obligations under the 
Notes determined by the Independent Advisor or 
the Issuer (as the case may be) in its due 
discretion, 
as 
modified 
by 
applying 
the 
adjustments, which in accordance with the 
Generally Accepted Market Practice, an Official 
Substitution Concept or an Industry Solution (if 
any) are recommended, (e.g. in the form of 
premiums or discounts), if any, that may be 
determined by the Independent Advisor or the 
Issuer (as the case may be) in its due discretion.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
gegebenenfalls empfohlen werden, (zB in Form 
von Auf- oder Abschlägen) ergibt. 
Unbeschadet 
der 
Allgemeingültigkeit 
des 
Vorstehenden wird der Unabhängige Berater oder 
kann die Emittentin (je nachdem) insbesondere, 
aber 
ohne 
Beschränkung, 
ein 
Amtliches 
Ersetzungskonzept, eine Branchenlösung oder 
eine 
Allgemein 
Akzeptierte 
Marktpraxis 
berücksichtigen. 
Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) Issuer may  shall in particular, but 
without 
limitation 
take 
into 
consideration 
implement an Official Substitution Concept, an 
Industry Solution or a Generally Accepted Market 
Practice 
Bestimmt der Unabhängige Berater oder die 
Emittentin 
(je 
nachdem) 
einen 
Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz, 
so 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt,  nach billigem Ermessen diejenigen 
Änderungen 
in 
den 
verfahrensmäßigen 
Festlegungen in Bezug auf die Bestimmung des 
aktuellen 
Ersatz- 
Referenz[zins]satzes 
(zB 
Feststellungstag, 
maßgebliche 
Uhrzeit, 
maßgebliche Bildschirmseite für den Bezug des 
Alternativ-Referenz[zins]satzes 
sowie 
Ausfallbestimmungen 
für 
den 
Fall 
der 
Nichtverfügbarkeit 
der 
maßgeblichen 
Bildschirmseite) und diejenigen Anpassungen an 
die Definition von "Geschäftstag" in § 1 (6) und 
die Bestimmungen zur Geschäftstagekonvention 
in § 4 (4) vorzunehmen, die in Übereinstimmung 
mit der Allgemein Akzeptierten Marktpraxis, dem 
Amtlichen 
Ersetzungskonzept 
oder 
der 
Branchenlösung   erforderlich oder zweckmäßig 
sind, um die Ersetzung des Referenz[zins]satzes 
durch den Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz praktisch 
durchführbar zu machen. 
If the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) determines a Substitute Reference 
[Interest] Rate, it shall also be entitled to make, in 
its due discretion, any such adjustments to the 
procedural 
determinations 
relating 
to 
the 
determination of the current Substitute Reference 
[Interest] Rate (e.g. the determination day, the 
relevant time, the relevant screen page for 
obtaining the Alternative Reference [Interest] 
Rate and the fallback provisions in the event that 
the relevant screen page is not available) and to 
make such adjustments to the definition of 
"Business Day" in § 1 (6) and the business day 
convention 
provisions 
in 
§ 4 (4) 
which 
in 
accordance with the Generally Accepted Market 
Practice, the Official Substitution Concept or the 
Industry Solution are necessary or expedient to 
make the substitution of the Reference [Interest] 
Rate by the Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate 
operative. 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" bezeichnet: 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) den 
Fall, 
dass 
die 
regelmäßige 
Veröffentlichung des Referenz[zins]satzes (oder 
maßgeblicher Bestandteile davon) eingestellt wird 
oder der Referenz[zins]satz (oder maßgebliche 
Bestandteile davon) ganz wegfällt; oder 
(a) the case that the Reference [Interest] Rate (or 
any component part thereof) ceases to be 
published on a regular basis or ceases to exist; or 
(b) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
des 
Administrators des Referenz[zins]satzes oder der 
für den Administrator des Referenz[zins]satzes 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
dass 
(i) 
die 
Ermittlung, Bereitstellung oder Bekanntgabe des 
Referenz[zins]satzes 
dauerhaft 
oder 
auf 
unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt worden ist oder 
eingestellt werden wird, ohne dass ein Nachfolge-
Administrator 
existiert, 
oder 
(ii) 
der 
Referenz[zins]satz 
aus 
sonstigen 
Gründen 
dauerhaft und endgültigen wegfällt; oder 
(b) a public statement by the administrator or the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate, 
that 
(i) 
the 
determination, 
provision or publication of the Reference [Interest] 
Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued in circumstances where 
no successor administrator exists, or (ii) the 
Reference [Interest] Rate permanently or finally 
ceases to exist for other reasons; or 
(c) eine wesentliche Änderung der Methode zur 
Ermittlung 
oder 
Berechnung 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes im Vergleich zu derjenigen 
Methode, 
die 
bei 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zur Anwendung kam, 
oder 
eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
des 
Administrators des Referenz[zins]satzes oder der 
für den Administrator des  Referenz[zins]satzes 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
dass 
eine 
wesentliche 
Änderung 
der 
Methode 
zur 
(c) a material change in the methodology of 
determining 
or 
calculating 
the 
Reference 
[Interest] Rate as compared to the methodology 
used at the time of the issuance of the Notes, or a 
public statement by the administrator of the 
Reference [Interest] Rate or by the supervisor of 
the administrator of the Reference [Interest] Rate 
that a material change in the methodology of 
determining 
or 
calculating 
the 
Reference 
[Interest] Rate as compared to the methodology

--- Page 71 ---
71 
Ermittlung 
oder 
Berechnung 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes im Vergleich zu derjenigen 
Methode, 
die 
bei 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zur Anwendung kam, 
eingetreten ist oder eintreten wird, was dazu führt 
oder führen wird, dass der gemäß der neuen 
Methode berechnete Referenz[zins]satz nicht 
mehr den Referenz[zins]satz repräsentiert oder 
repräsentieren 
wird 
oder 
zu 
repräsentieren 
geeignet ist oder geeignet sein wird oder aus 
sonstigen 
Gründen 
seinem 
wirtschaftlichen 
Gehalt 
nach 
nicht 
mehr 
mit 
dem 
Referenz[zins]satz vergleichbar ist, der mit der 
bei Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen zur 
Anwendung gekommenen Methode ermittelt oder 
berechnet wurde; oder 
used at the time of the issuance of the Notes, has 
occurred or will occur which results or will result in 
the Reference [Interest] Rate, calculated in 
accordance with the new methodology, no longer 
representing, 
or 
being 
apt 
to 
represent 
adequately, the Reference [Interest] Rate or in 
terms of economic substance no longer being 
comparable to the Reference [Interest] Rate 
determined or calculated in accordance with the 
methodology used at the time of the issuance of 
the Notes; or 
(d) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung durch die für 
den 
Administrator 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes 
zuständige 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
dass 
der 
Referenz[zins]satz für den zugrundeliegenden 
Markt oder die wirtschaftliche Realität dauerhaft 
und unabänderlich nicht mehr repräsentativ ist; 
oder 
(d) a public statement is made by the supervisor 
of the administrator of the Reference [Interest] 
Rate that the Reference [Interest] Rate is no 
longer representative of an underlying market or 
economic 
reality 
on 
a 
permanent 
and 
irremediable basis; or 
(e) die Anwendbarkeit eines Gesetzes oder einer 
sonstigen 
Rechtsvorschrift 
oder 
einer 
behördlichen 
oder 
gerichtlichen 
Anordnung, 
Verfügung 
oder 
sonstigen 
verbindlichen 
Maßnahme, die unmittelbar dazu führt, dass der 
Referenz[zins]satz nicht mehr als Referenzsatz 
zur Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
unter den Schuldverschreibungen verwendet 
werden darf oder nach der eine derartige 
Verwendung 
nicht 
nur 
unwesentlichen 
Beschränkungen 
oder 
nachteiligen 
Folgen 
unterliegt. 
(e) the applicability of any law or any other legal 
provision, or of any administrative or judicial 
order, decree or other binding measure, pursuant 
to which the Reference [Interest] Rate may no 
longer be used as a reference rate to determine 
the payment obligations under the Notes, or 
pursuant to which any such use is subject to not 
only 
immaterial 
restrictions 
or 
adverse 
consequences. 
"Amtliches 
Ersetzungskonzept" 
bezeichnet 
eine verbindliche oder unverbindliche öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung von (i) der EU-Kommission 
oder 
eines 
EU-Mitgliedstaates 
unter 
Berücksichtigung 
der 
Empfehlung 
einer 
Arbeitsgruppe für alternative Referenzzinssätze, 
die unter der Schirmherrschaft der Zentralbank 
tätig ist, die für die Währung zuständig ist, auf die 
die Zinssätze der Ersatz-Benchmark laute, sofern 
verfügbar, 
oder 
(ii) 
einer 
der 
folgenden 
Einrichtungen, vorausgesetzt, dass sie für die 
Abgabe einer solchen Erklärung zuständig sind: 
eine Zentralbank, eine Aufsichtsbehörde oder ein 
öffentlich-rechtlich konstituiertes oder besetztes 
Aufsichts- oder Fachgremium der Finanzbranche, 
wonach 
ein 
bestimmter 
Referenzsatz, 
gegebenenfalls 
unter 
Vornahme 
bestimmter 
Anpassungen, 
an 
die 
Stelle 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes treten solle oder könne oder 
wonach 
ein 
bestimmtes 
Verfahren 
zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen, die 
ansonsten 
unter 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Referenz[zins]satz bestimmt werden würden, zur 
Anwendung gelangen solle oder könne. 
"Official Substitution Concept" means any 
binding or non-binding public statement by (i) the 
EU Commission or any EU Member State taking 
into 
account, 
where 
available, 
the 
recommendation by an alternative reference rate 
working group operating under the auspices of 
the central bank responsible for the currency in 
which the interest rates of the replacement 
benchmark are denominated or (ii) any of the 
following 
entities 
provided 
that 
they 
are 
competent to make such statement: a central 
bank, a supervisory authority or asupervisory or 
expert body of the financial sector established 
under public law or composed of publicly 
appointed members pursuant to which a certain 
reference rate, subject to certain adjustments (if 
any), should or could be used to replace the 
Reference [Interest] Rate or pursuant to which a 
certain procedure should or could be used in 
order to determine payment obligations which 
would otherwise be determined by reference to 
the Reference [Interest] Rate. 
"Branchenlösung" bezeichnet eine öffentliche 
"Industry Solution" means any public statement

--- Page 72 ---
72 
Bekanntmachung der International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association (ISDA), der International 
Capital 
Markets 
Association 
(ICMA), 
der 
Association for Financial Markets in Europe 
(AFME), der Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (SIFMA), der SIFMA Asset 
Management Group (SIFMA AMG), der Loan 
Markets Association (LMA), des Deutschen 
Derivate Verbands (DDV), des Zertifikate Forum 
Österreich 
oder 
eines 
sonstigen 
privaten 
Branchenverbands der Finanzwirtschaft, wonach 
ein bestimmter Referenzsatz, gegebenenfalls 
unter Vornahme bestimmter Anpassungen, an die 
Stelle des Referenz[zins]satzes treten solle oder 
könne oder wonach ein bestimmtes Verfahren zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen, die 
ansonsten 
unter 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Referenz[zins]satz bestimmt werden würden, zur 
Anwendung gelangen solle oder könne. 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association (ISDA), the International Capital 
Markets Association (ICMA), the Association for 
Financial 
Markets 
in 
Europe 
(AFME), 
the 
Securities 
Industry 
and 
Financial 
Markets 
Association 
(SIFMA), 
the 
SIFMA 
Asset 
Management Group (SIFMA AMG), the Loan 
Markets 
Association 
(LMA), 
the 
Deutsche 
Derivate Verbands (DDV), the Zertifikate Forum 
Austria or any other private association of the 
financial industry pursuant to which a certain 
reference rate, subject to certain adjustments (if 
any), should or could be used to replace the 
Reference [Interest] Rate or pursuant to which a 
certain procedure should or could be used in 
order to determine payment obligations which 
would otherwise be determined by reference to 
the Reference [Interest] Rate. 
"Allgemein Akzeptierte Marktpraxis" bezeichnet 
die 
übliche 
Verwendung 
eines 
bestimmten 
Referenzsatzes, gegebenenfalls unter Vornahme 
bestimmter 
Anpassungen, 
anstelle 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes oder die vertragliche oder 
anderweitige 
Regelung 
eines 
bestimmten 
Verfahrens 
zur 
Bestimmung 
von 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen, die ansonsten unter 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Referenz[zins]satz 
bestimmt worden wären, in einer Vielzahl von 
Anleiheemissionen 
nach 
dem 
Eintritt 
eines 
Benchmark-Ereignisses 
oder 
eine 
sonstige 
allgemein akzeptierte Marktpraxis zur Ersetzung 
des Referenz[zins]satzes als Referenzsatz für die 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen. 
"Generally Accepted Market Practice" means 
the customary use of a certain reference rate, 
subject to certain adjustments (if any), as 
substitute rate for the Reference [Interest] Rate or 
of provisions, contractual or otherwise, providing 
for a certain procedure to determine payment 
obligations which would otherwise have been 
determined by reference to the Reference 
[Interest] Rate in a material number of bond 
issues following the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Event, or any other generally accepted market 
practice to replace the Reference [Interest] Rate 
as reference rate for the determination of 
payment obligations. 
Für die Zwecke dieses Unterabsatzes bezeichnet 
der "Unabhängige Berater" ein unabhängiges 
Finanzinstitut von internationaler Reputation oder 
einen anderen unabhängigen Finanzberater in 
der Eurozone mit Erfahrung am internationalen 
Kapitalmarkt, der jeweils von der Emittentin auf 
ihre eigenen Kosten ernannt wird. 
For 
the 
purposes 
of 
this 
subparagraph 
"Independent Advisor" means an independent 
financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial advisor in the Euro zone 
experienced in the international capital markets, 
in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense. 
Der Unabhängige Berater oder die Emittentin (je 
nachdem) 
sind 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
berechtigt, aber nicht verpflichtet, in Bezug auf 
ein und dasselbe Benchmark-Ereignis mehrfach 
einen Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz nach Maßgabe 
der Bestimmungen dieses Unterabsatzes zu 
bestimmen, wenn diese spätere Bestimmung 
besser 
geeignet 
ist 
als 
die 
jeweils 
vorangegangene, 
das 
Ersetzungsziel 
zu 
erreichen. 
Die 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
Unterabsatzes gelten auch entsprechend für den 
Fall, dass in Bezug auf einen vom Unabhängigen 
Berater oder von der Emittentin (je nachdem) 
zuvor bestimmten Alternativ-Referenz[zins]satz 
ein Benchmark-Ereignis eintritt. 
The Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) is entitled, but not obliged, to 
determine, in its due discretion, a Substitute 
Reference [Interest] Rate pursuant to 
the 
provisions of this subparagraph several times in 
relation to the same Benchmark Event, provided 
that each later determination is better suitable 
than the earlier one to realise the Substitution 
Objective. The provisions of this subparagraph 
shall also apply mutatis mutandis in the event of a 
Benchmark Event occurring in relation to any 
Alternative Reference [Interest] Rate previously 
determined by the Independent Advisor or the 
Issuer (as the case may be). 
Hat der Unabhängige Berater oder die Emittentin 
(je nachdem) nach Eintritt eines Benchmark-
Ereignisses 
einen 
Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz 
bestimmt, so wird veranlasst, dass der Eintritt des 
If the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) has determined a Substitute 
Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate 
following 
the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event, it will cause

--- Page 73 ---
73 
Benchmark-Ereignisses, der vom Unabhängigen 
Berater oder von der Emittentin (je nachdem) 
bestimmte Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz sowie alle 
weiteren 
damit 
zusammenhängenden 
Festsetzungen des Unabhängigen Beraters oder 
der Emittentin (je nachdem) gemäß diesem 
Unterabsatz der Berechnungsstelle und den 
Gläubigern gemäß § [10/11] baldmöglichst, aber 
keinesfalls später als am vierten auf die 
Bestimmung 
des 
Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satzes 
folgenden Geschäftstag sowie jeder Börse, an 
der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln 
eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
die 
Börse 
verlangen, 
baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls später als zu 
Beginn der Zinsperiode, ab der der Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz erstmals anzuwenden ist, 
mitgeteilt werden.] 
the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, the 
Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate determined 
by the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) and any further determinations of 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) pursuant to this subparagraph 
associated therewith to be notified to the 
Calculation 
Agent 
and 
to 
the 
Holders 
in 
accordance with § [10/11] as soon as possible, 
but in no event later than the fourth Business Day 
following the determination of the Substitute 
Reference [Interest] Rate and, if required by the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are from time to time listed, to such stock 
exchange as soon as possible, but in no event 
later than the first day of the Interest Period to 
which the Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate 
applies for the first time.] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
[In case of Zero Coupon Notes insert: 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Keine 
periodischen 
Zinsenzahlungen. 
Es 
erfolgen keine periodischen Zinsenzahlungen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emissionsrendite 
beträgt [Emissionsrendite einfügen]. 
(1) No Periodic Payments of Interest. There will 
not be any periodic payments of interest on the 
Notes. The issue yield is [insert issue yield]. 
(2) Verzugszinsen. 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, 
wird der ausstehende Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen vom Kalendertag der 
Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Kalendertag der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) weiterhin 
in 
Höhe 
der 
jeweils 
vorgesehenen 
Emissionsrendite 
verzinst. 
Weitergehende 
Ansprüche der Gläubiger bleiben unberührt. 
(2) Default Interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem 
the Notes when due, interest shall continue to 
accrue on the outstanding aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes from, and including, the due 
date for redemption to, but excluding, the date of 
actual redemption of the Notes at the respective 
Issue Yield specified. This does not affect any 
additional rights that might be available to the 
Holders. 
(3) Zinstagequotient. 
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung des 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrags für den in 
§ 5 ([3/4/5]) bestimmten Berechnungszeitraum: 
(3) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" 
means, in relation to the calculation of the Early 
Redemption Amount in respect of the Calculation 
Period as defined in § 5 ([3/4/5]): 
[Falls 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert 
durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Kalendertage 
auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 
Kalendertagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 
Kalendertagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (1) 
der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Berechnungszeitraums 
fällt 
auf 
den 
31. 
Kalendertag eines Monats, während der erste 
Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums weder 
auf den 30. noch auf den 31. Kalendertag eines 
Monats fällt, wobei in diesem Fall der den letzten 
Kalendertag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 
30 Kalendertage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln 
ist, 
oder 
(2) 
der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Berechnungszeitraums 
fällt 
auf 
den 
letzten 
Kalendertag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
[In case 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
applies, insert: the number of calendar days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number 
of calendar days to be calculated on the basis of 
a year of 360 calendar days with twelve 30-
calendar day months (unless (1) the last calendar 
day of the Calculation Period is the 31st calendar 
day of a month but the first calendar day of the 
Calculation Period is a calendar day other than 
the 30th or 31st calendar day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last calendar 
day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 
30-calendar day month, or (2) the last calendar 
day of the Calculation Period is the last calendar 
day of the month of February in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-calendar day month).]

--- Page 74 ---
74 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 
Kalendertage 
verlängerter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln ist).] 
[Falls 
30E/360 
oder 
Eurobond 
Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert 
durch 360 (wobei die Anzahl der Kalendertage 
auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 
Kalendertagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 
Kalendertagen zu ermitteln ist, und zwar ohne 
Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten 
Kalendertages 
des 
Berechnungszeitraums, 
es 
sei 
denn, 
der 
Fälligkeitstag 
ist, 
im 
Fall 
des 
letzten 
Berechnungszeitraums, der letzte Kalendertag 
des Monats Februar, wobei in diesem Fall der 
Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).]] 
[In case 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis applies, 
insert: the number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of 
calendar days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 calendar days with twelve 30-
calendar day months, without regard to the date 
of the first calendar day or last calendar day of the 
Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last 
calendar day of the month of February, in which 
case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-calendar day 
month).]] 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1) [(a)] Zahlung von Kapital. Die Zahlung von 
Kapital auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden 
Absatzes (2) an das Clearingsystem oder 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des 
Clearingsystems.  
(1) [(a)] Payment 
of 
Principal. 
Payment 
of 
principal on the Notes shall be made, 
subject to paragraph (2) below, to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the accounts of the relevant accountholders 
of the Clearing System. 
[Bei 
allen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
außer 
Nullkupon Schuldverschreibungen, einfügen: 
[Insert for all Notes other than Zero Coupon 
Notes: 
(b) 
Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden 
Absatzes (2) an das Clearingsystem oder 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des 
Clearingsystems.] 
(b) 
Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on 
the Notes shall be made, subject to 
paragraph (2) 
below, 
to 
the 
Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant accountholders of 
the Clearing System.] 
(2) Zahlungsweise. 
Vorbehaltlich 
geltender 
steuerlicher 
und 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften erfolgen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu leistende Zahlungen in 
der festgelegten Währung. 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable 
fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of 
amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be 
made in the Specified Currency. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, deren 
festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, einfügen: 
Stellt die Emittentin fest, dass es aufgrund von 
Umständen, die außerhalb der Verantwortung der 
Emittentin 
liegen, 
unmöglich 
ist, 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu leistende Zahlungen 
am 
maßgeblichen 
Fälligkeitstag 
in 
frei 
handelbaren 
und 
konvertierbaren 
Geldern 
vorzunehmen, oder dass die festgelegte Währung 
oder eine gesetzlich eingeführte Nachfolge-
Währung (die "Nachfolge-Währung") nicht mehr 
für 
die 
Abwicklung 
von 
internationalen 
Finanztransaktionen verwendet wird, kann die 
Emittentin 
ihre 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
am 
maßgeblichen Fälligkeitstag durch eine Zahlung 
in Euro auf der Grundlage des anwendbaren 
Wechselkurses erfüllen. Die Gläubiger sind nicht 
[In case of Notes whose Specified Currency is 
not Euro, insert: If the Issuer determines that it is 
impossible to make payments of amounts due on 
the Notes in freely negotiable and convertible 
funds on the relevant due date for reasons 
beyond its control or that the Specified Currency 
or any successor currency provided for by law 
(the "Successor Currency") is no longer used for 
the 
settlement 
of 
international 
financial 
transactions, the Issuer may fulfil its payment 
obligations by making such payments in Euro on 
the relevant due date on the basis of the 
Applicable Exchange Rate. Holders shall not be 
entitled to further interest or any additional 
amounts as a result of such payment. The 
"Applicable Exchange Rate" shall be: (i) (if such 
exchange rate is available) the exchange rate of

--- Page 75 ---
75 
berechtigt, 
weitere 
Zinsen 
oder 
zusätzliche 
Beträge in Bezug auf eine solche Zahlung zu 
verlangen. Der "anwendbare Wechselkurs" ist: 
(i) (falls ein solcher Wechselkurs verfügbar ist) 
derjenige 
Wechselkurs 
des 
Euro 
zu 
der 
festgelegten Währung oder gegebenenfalls der 
Nachfolge-Währung, der von der Europäischen 
Zentralbank für einen Kalendertag festgelegt und 
veröffentlicht 
wurde, 
der 
innerhalb 
eines 
angemessenen (wie von der Emittentin in ihrem 
billigen Ermessen bestimmt) Zeitraums vor und 
so nahe wie möglich an dem maßgeblichen 
Fälligkeitstag lag; oder (ii) (falls kein solcher 
Wechselkurs 
verfügbar 
ist) 
derjenige 
Wechselkurs des Euro zu der festgelegten 
Währung oder gegebenenfalls der Nachfolge-
Währung, den die Zahlstelle als arithmetisches 
Mittel aus den ihr von vier führenden, im 
internationalen 
Fremdwährungshandel 
tätigen 
Banken 
angebotenen 
Briefkursen 
für 
die 
festgelegte Währung oder gegebenenfalls die 
Nachfolge-Währung für einen Kalendertag, der 
innerhalb eines angemessenen (wie von der 
Zahlstelle in ihrem billigen Ermessen bestimmt) 
Zeitraums vor und so nahe wie möglich an dem 
maßgeblichen Fälligkeitstag liegt; oder (iii) (falls 
kein solcher Wechselkurs verfügbar ist) der von 
der Zahlstelle nach billigem Ermessen festgelegte 
Wechselkurs des Euro zu der festgelegten 
Währung oder gegebenenfalls der Nachfolge-
Währung.] 
Euro against the Specified Currency or the 
Successor Currency (if applicable) determined 
and published by the European Central Bank for 
the most recent calendar day falling within a 
reasonable (as determined by the Issuer in its 
reasonable discretion) period of time prior to the 
relevant due date; or (ii) (if such exchange rate is 
not available) the exchange rate of Euro against 
the 
Specified 
Currency 
or 
the 
Successor 
Currency (if applicable) which the Paying Agent 
has calculated as the arithmetic mean of offered 
rates concerning the Specified Currency or the 
Successor Currency (if applicable) quoted to the 
Paying Agent by four leading banks operating in 
the international foreign exchange market for the 
most recent calendar day falling within a 
reasonable (as determined by the Paying Agent in 
its reasonable discretion) period of time prior to 
the relevant due date; or (iii) (if such exchange 
rate is not available) the exchange rate of Euro 
against the Specified Currency or the Successor 
Currency (if applicable) as determined by the 
Paying Agent in its reasonable discretion.] 
[Bei 
allen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
außer 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
Fix-to-Floating 
Verzinsung, einfügen: 
[Insert for all Notes other than Notes with Fix-
to-Floating interest: 
(3) Zahltag. Sofern der Fälligkeitstag für eine 
Zahlung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
ansonsten auf einen Kalendertag fiele, der kein 
Zahltag (wie nachstehend definiert) ist, so wird 
der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung 
(3) Payment Business Day. If the due date for any 
payment in respect of the Notes would otherwise 
fall on a calendar day which is not a Payment 
Business Day (as defined below), the due date for 
such payment shall be 
[bei 
Anwendung 
der 
Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention einfügen: auf den 
nächstfolgenden Kalendertag verschoben, bei 
dem es sich um einen Zahltag handelt, es sei 
denn, der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in 
diesem Fall wird der Fälligkeitstag für diese 
Zahlung auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden 
Kalendertag vorgezogen, bei dem es sich um 
einen Zahltag handelt.] 
[in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention applies, insert: postponed to the 
next calendar day which is a Payment Business 
Day unless the due date for such payment would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event the due date for such payment shall be the 
immediately preceding calendar day which is a 
Payment Business Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der Following Business Day 
Convention einfügen: auf den nächstfolgenden 
Kalendertag verschoben, bei dem es sich um 
einen Zahltag handelt.] 
[in case Following Business Day Convention 
applies, insert: postponed to the next calendar 
day which is a Payment Business Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der Preceding Business Day 
Convention einfügen: auf den unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden Kalendertag vorgezogen, bei 
dem es sich um einen Zahltag handelt.] 
[in case Preceding Business Day Convention 
applies, 
insert: 
moved 
forward 
to 
the 
immediately preceding calendar day which is a 
Payment Business Day.] 
"Zahltag" bezeichnet einen Kalendertag (außer 
"Payment Business Day" means a calendar day

--- Page 76 ---
76 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag); (i) an dem das 
Clearingsystem geöffnet ist; und (ii) der ein 
Geschäftstag (wie in § 1 (6) definiert) ist. 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday): (i) on which 
the Clearing System is open; and (ii) which is a 
Business Day (as defined in § 1 (6)). 
[Falls der Zinsbetrag angepasst werden soll, 
einfügen: Falls der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
(wie 
oben 
beschrieben) 
[falls 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
oder Preceding Business Day Convention 
Anwendung finden, einfügen: vorgezogen wird] 
[oder] [falls Modified Following Business Day 
Convention oder Following Business Day 
Convention Anwendung finden, einfügen: sich 
nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
[If the Interest Amount shall be adjusted, 
insert: If the due date for a payment of interest is 
[in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: brought forward] 
[or] [in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: [postponed] (as 
described above), the amount of interest shall be 
adjusted accordingly.] 
[Falls der Zinsbetrag nicht angepasst werden 
soll, einfügen: Falls der Fälligkeitstag einer 
Zahlung von Zinsen (wie oben beschrieben) [falls 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
oder Preceding Business Day Convention 
Anwendung findet, einfügen: vorgezogen wird] 
[oder] [falls Modified Following Business Day 
Convention oder Following Business Day 
Convention Anwendung findet, einfügen: sich 
nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag nicht 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
[If the Interest Amount shall not be adjusted, 
insert: If the due date for a payment of interest is 
[in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: brought forward] 
[or] [in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: postponed] (as 
described above), the amount of interest shall not 
be adjusted accordingly.] 
Falls der Fälligkeitstag der Rückzahlung des 
Nennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
angepasst wird, ist der Gläubiger nicht berechtigt, 
Zahlungen 
aufgrund 
dieser 
Anpassung 
zu 
verlangen.] 
If the due date for the redemption of the principal 
amount of the Notes is adjusted the Holder shall 
not be entitled to payments in respect of such 
adjustment.] 
[Bei 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
Fix-to-
Floating Verzinsung, einfügen: 
[Insert for Notes with Fix-to-Floating interest: 
(3) Festzahltag. Sofern der Fälligkeitstag für eine 
Zahlung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen, 
der vor oder auf dem Zinssatzwechseltag liegt, 
ansonsten auf einen Kalendertag fiele, der kein 
Festzahltag (wie nachstehend definiert) ist, so 
wird der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung 
(3) Fixed Payment Business Day. If the due date 
for any payment in respect of the Notes which 
falls prior to or on the Interest Rate Change Date 
would otherwise fall on a calendar day which is 
not a Fixed Payment Business Day (as defined 
below), the due date for such payment shall be 
[bei 
Anwendung 
der 
Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention einfügen: auf den 
nächstfolgenden Kalendertag verschoben, bei 
dem es sich um einen Festzahltag handelt, es sei 
denn, der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in 
diesem Fall wird der Fälligkeitstag für diese 
Zahlung auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden 
Kalendertag vorgezogen, bei dem es sich um 
einen Festzahltag handelt.] 
[in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention applies, insert: postponed to the 
next calendar day which is a Fixed Payment 
Business Day unless the due date for such 
payment would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event the due date for such 
payment shall be the immediately preceding 
calendar day which is a Fixed Payment Business 
Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der Following Business Day 
Convention einfügen: auf den nächstfolgenden 
Kalendertag verschoben, bei dem es sich um 
einen Festzahltag handelt.] 
[in case Following Business Day Convention 
applies, insert: postponed to the next calendar 
day which is a Fixed Payment Business Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der Preceding Business Day 
Convention einfügen: auf den unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden Kalendertag vorgezogen, bei 
dem es sich um einen Festzahltag handelt.] 
[in case Preceding Business Day Convention 
applies, 
insert: 
moved 
forward 
to 
the 
immediately preceding calendar day which is a 
Fixed Payment Business Day.] 
"Festzahltag" 
bezeichnet 
einen 
Kalendertag 
"Fixed Payment Business Day" means a

--- Page 77 ---
77 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag); (i) an dem 
das Clearingsystem geöffnet ist; und (ii) der ein 
Geschäftstag (wie in § 1 (6) definiert) ist. 
calendar day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday): (i) on which the Clearing System is 
open; and (ii) which is a Business Day (as defined 
in § 1 (6)). 
[Falls der Zinsbetrag angepasst werden soll, 
einfügen: Falls ein Festzahltag [falls Modified 
Following Business Day Convention oder 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
Anwendung finden, einfügen: vorgezogen wird] 
[oder] [falls Modified Following Business Day 
Convention oder Following Business Day 
Convention Anwendung finden, einfügen: sich 
nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
[If the Interest Amount shall be adjusted, 
insert: If any Fixed Payment Business Day is [in 
case 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
or 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: brought forward] 
[or] [in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: [postponed] (as 
described above), the amount of interest shall be 
adjusted accordingly.] 
[Falls der Zinsbetrag nicht angepasst werden 
soll, einfügen: Falls ein Festzahltag [falls 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
oder Preceding Business Day Convention 
Anwendung findet, einfügen: vorgezogen wird] 
[oder] [falls Modified Following Business Day 
Convention oder Following Business Day 
Convention Anwendung findet, einfügen: sich 
nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag nicht 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
[If the Interest Amount shall not be adjusted, 
insert: If any Fixed Payment Business Day is [in 
case 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
or 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: brought forward] 
[or] [in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: postponed] (as 
described above), the amount of interest shall not 
be adjusted accordingly.] 
(4) Variabler Zahltag. Sofern der Fälligkeitstag für 
eine 
Zahlung 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
der 
nach 
dem 
Zinssatzwechseltag liegt, ansonsten auf einen 
Kalendertag fiele, der kein Variabler Zahltag (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
ist, 
so 
wird 
der 
Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung 
(4) Variable Payment Business Day. If the due 
date for any payment in respect of the Notes 
which falls after the Interest Rate Change Date 
would otherwise fall on a calendar day which is 
not a Variable Payment Business Day (as defined 
below), the due date for such payment shall be 
[bei 
Anwendung 
der 
Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention einfügen: auf den 
nächstfolgenden Kalendertag verschoben, bei 
dem es sich um einen Variablen Zahltag handelt, 
es sei denn, der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung 
würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat 
fallen; in diesem Fall wird der Fälligkeitstag für 
diese 
Zahlung 
auf 
den 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden Kalendertag vorgezogen, bei 
dem es sich um einen Variablen Zahltag handelt.] 
[in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention applies, insert: postponed to the 
next calendar day which is a Variable Payment 
Business Day unless the due date for such 
payment would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event the due date for such 
payment shall be the immediately preceding 
calendar day which is a Variable Payment 
Business Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der Following Business Day 
Convention einfügen: auf den nächstfolgenden 
Kalendertag verschoben, bei dem es sich um 
einen Variablen Zahltag handelt.] 
[in case Following Business Day Convention 
applies, insert: postponed to the next calendar 
day which is a Variable Payment Business Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der Preceding Business Day 
Convention einfügen: auf den unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden Kalendertag vorgezogen, bei 
dem es sich um einen Variablen Zahltag handelt.] 
[in case Preceding Business Day Convention 
applies, 
insert: 
moved 
forward 
to 
the 
immediately preceding calendar day which is a 
Variable Payment Business Day.] 
"Variabler 
Zahltag" 
bezeichnet 
einen 
Kalendertag 
(außer 
einem 
Samstag 
oder 
Sonntag); (i) an dem das Clearingsystem geöffnet 
ist; und (ii) der ein Geschäftstag (wie in § 1 (6) 
definiert) ist. 
"Variable Payment Business Day" means a 
calendar day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday): (i) on which the Clearing System is 
open; and (ii) which is a Business Day (as defined 
in § 1 (6)). 
[Falls der Zinsbetrag angepasst werden soll, 
einfügen: Falls ein Variabler Zahltag [falls 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
[If the Interest Amount shall be adjusted, 
insert: If any Variable Payment Business Day is 
[in case Modified Following Business Day

--- Page 78 ---
78 
oder Preceding Business Day Convention 
Anwendung finden, einfügen: vorgezogen wird] 
[oder] [falls Modified Following Business Day 
Convention oder Following Business Day 
Convention Anwendung finden, einfügen: sich 
nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
Convention 
or 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: brought forward] 
[or] [in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: [postponed] (as 
described above), the amount of interest shall be 
adjusted accordingly.] 
[Falls der Zinsbetrag nicht angepasst werden 
soll, einfügen: Falls ein Variabler Zahltag [falls 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
oder Preceding Business Day Convention 
Anwendung findet, einfügen: vorgezogen wird] 
[oder] [falls Modified Following Business Day 
Convention oder Following Business Day 
Convention Anwendung findet, einfügen: sich 
nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag nicht 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
[If the Interest Amount shall not be adjusted, 
insert: If any Variable Payment Business Day is 
[in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: brought forward] 
[or] [in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: postponed] (as 
described above), the amount of interest shall not 
be adjusted accordingly.] 
Falls der Fälligkeitstag der Rückzahlung des 
Nennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
angepasst wird, ist der Gläubiger nicht berechtigt, 
Zahlungen 
aufgrund 
dieser 
Anpassung 
zu 
verlangen.] 
If the due date for the redemption of the principal 
amount of the Notes is adjusted the Holder shall 
not be entitled to payments in respect of such 
adjustment.] 
([4/5]) Bezugnahmen 
auf 
Kapital 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzahlbar 
sind, 
einfügen: und Zinsen]. Bezugnahmen in diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen 
auf 
"Kapital" 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, die folgenden Beträge ein: den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
(wie in § 5 (1) angegeben); den vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
(wie in § 5 angegeben); [falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
anderen 
als 
steuerlichen 
Gründen 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, einfügen: den Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (wie in § 5 angegeben);] 
[falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen, einfügen: den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (wie in § 5 angegeben);] 
sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren 
Beträge 
(außer 
Zinsen). 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen vorzeitig rückzahlbar sind, einfügen: 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
auf 
"Zinsen" 
aus 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß 
§ 7 (2) zahlbaren Zusätzlichen Beträge (wie in 
§ 7 (2) definiert) ein.] 
([4/5]) References to Principal [in case the Notes 
are early redeemable for reasons of taxation 
insert: and Interest]. References in these Terms 
and Conditions to "principal" in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes (as 
specified in § 5 (1)); the Early Redemption 
Amount of the Notes (as specified in § 5); [in 
case the Notes are early redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer for reasons other than for 
reasons of taxation reasons insert: the Call 
Redemption Amount of the Notes (as specified in 
§ 5);] [in case the Notes are early redeemable 
at the option of the Holder insert: the Put 
Redemption Amount of the Notes (as specified in 
§ 5);] and any premium and any other amounts 
(other than interest) which may be payable under 
or in respect of the Notes. [In case the Notes are 
early redeemable for reasons of taxation 
insert: 
References 
in 
these 
Terms 
and 
Conditions to "interest" in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any 
Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7 (2)) which 
may be payable under § 7 (2).] 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
[Im Fall von Rückzahlung am Fälligkeitstag 
einfügen: 
[In case of redemption on the Maturity Date 
insert: 
(1) Rückzahlung am Fälligkeitstag. Soweit nicht 
(1) Redemption on the Maturity Date. Unless

--- Page 79 ---
79 
zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt 
oder zurückgekauft und entwertet, werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
vorbehaltlich 
einer 
Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in 
§ 4 ([3/4]) enthaltenen Bestimmungen zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
am 
[Fälligkeitstag 
einfügen] (der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. 
Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" in Bezug auf jede 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem Produkt aus 
dem Rückzahlungskurs und der festgelegten 
Stückelung.  
previously redeemed in whole or in part or 
repurchased and cancelled, and subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the provisions set 
out in § 4 ([3/4]), the Notes shall be redeemed at 
their Final Redemption Amount on [insert 
Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date"). The "Final 
Redemption Amount" in respect of each Note 
shall be the product of the Redemption Price and 
the Specified Denomination.  
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fixem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with fixed redemption 
amount, insert: 
Der 
"Rückzahlungskurs" 
entspricht 
[Rückzahlungskurs 
als 
Prozentsatz 
einfügen]%.]] 
The "Redemption Price" is [insert redemption 
price as a percentage] per cent.]] 
[Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
inflationsabhängigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag, 
einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with inflation linked 
redemption amount, insert: 
(1) Rückzahlung 
am 
Fälligkeitstag. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(der 
"Rückzahlungsbetrag") 
am 
[Fälligkeitstag 
einfügen] (der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. 
(1) Redemption on the Maturity Date. The Notes 
shall be redeemed at their final redemption 
amount (the "Final Redemption Amount") on 
[insert Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date"). 
Der Rückzahlungsbetrag in Bezug auf jede 
Schuldverschreibung ausgedrückt in Prozent des 
Nennbetrags errechnet sich wie folgt: 
The Final Redemption Amount in respect of each 
Note expressed in per cent of its principal amount 
shall be calculated as follows: 
100 + Max {(HVPI(t) – HVPI(t-1))/HVPI(t-1) [*100] 
[*Faktor] [+][-] [Marge]; 0} 
100 + Max {(HICP(t) – HICP(t-1))/HICP(t-1) [*100] 
[*Factor] [+][-] [Marge]; 0} 
"HVPI(t)" meint den Stand des HVPI, wie er in 
Bezug auf [Bezugszeitraum (t)] veröffentlicht 
wird. 
"HICP(t)" means the level of the HICP that is 
published 
by 
reference 
to 
the 
[reference 
period(t)]. 
"HVPI(t-1)" meint den Stand des HVPI, der in 
Bezug auf [Bezugszeitraum (t-1)] veröffentlicht 
wird. 
"HICP(t-1)" means the level of the HICP that is 
published 
by 
reference 
to 
the 
[reference 
period(t-1)]. 
["Faktor" 
bedeutet 
eine 
definierte 
Zahl 
(Multiplikator des Inflationszinssatzes) und wurde 
mit [Faktor] festgelegt.] 
["Factor" means a defined number (a multiplier of 
the inflation rate) and has been determined as 
[factor].] 
["Marge" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl][Anzahl 
von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit [Marge] 
festgelegt.] 
["Marge" means a defined [number][number of 
percentage points] and has been determined as 
[marge].] 
 "HVPI" 
oder 
"Index" 
ist 
der 
unrevidierte 
Harmonisierte 
Verbraucherpreisindex 
(ohne 
Tabak)3 für die Euro-Zone (wie nachstehend 
"HICP" or "Index" is the unrevised Harmonised 
Index of Consumer Prices (excluding Tobacco)3 
for the Euro-Zone (as defined below), which is 
 
3  
Der unrevidierte harmonisierte Verbraucherpreisindex des Euroraums ohne Tabakwaren zählt zu den EU-
Verbraucherpreisindizes, die gemäß der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 2494/95 vom 23.10.1995 nach einem harmonisierten Ansatz 
und einheitlichen Definitionen berechnet werden. Basisjahr ist das Jahr 2005. Der Euroraum erfasste zunächst Belgien, 
Deutschland, Irland, Spanien, Frankreich, Italien, Luxemburg, Niederlande, Österreich, Portugal und Finnland. Griechenland 
gehört seit Januar 2001, Slowenien seit Januar 2007, Zypern und Malta seit Januar 2008, die Slowakei seit Januar 2009, 
Estland seit dem Januar 2011, Lettland seit dem Januar 2014 und Litauen seit dem Januar 2015 zum Euroraum. Neue 
Mitgliedstaaten werden anhand einer Kettenindexformel in den Index integriert. Der Index wird monatlich ermittelt und in der 
Regel in der Mitte des Folgemonats veröffentlicht. 
The unrevised harmonised index of consumer prices of the Euro-Zone excluding Tobacco is one of the EU index of consumer 
prices which are calculated pursuant to Council Regulation (EC) No 2494/95 of 23 October 1995 in accordance with a 
harmonized approach and standardised definitions. The base year is the year 2005. The Euro-Zone initially included Belgium,

--- Page 80 ---
80 
definiert), der monatlich vom Statistischen Amt 
der Europäischen Gemeinschaft (EUROSTAT) 
(der 
"Indexsponsor") 
berechnet 
wird, 
und 
welcher auf der Bildschirmseite (wie nachstehend 
definiert) am Rückzahlungsfeststellungstag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) veröffentlicht wird. 
calculated on a monthly basis by the statistical 
office of the European Union (EUROSTAT) (the 
"Index Sponsor") and published on the Screen 
Page (as defined below) on the Redemption 
Determination Date (as defined below). 
Falls die Bildschirmseite nicht länger existiert und 
keine offizielle Nachfolgeseite bekannt gegeben 
wird, wird die Berechnungsstelle eine alternative 
Referenz für den Index festlegen. 
If the Screen Page ceases to exist and no official 
successor page is announced, the Calculation 
Agent will determine other reference with respect 
to the Index. 
Im Fall einer Änderung eines veröffentlichten 
Indexstandes, der nach mehr als 24 Stunden 
nach der ersten Veröffentlichung erfolgt, soll in 
jedem 
Fall 
der 
zunächst 
ursprünglich 
veröffentlichte 
Indexstand 
zur 
Berechnung 
maßgeblich sein. 
In case of any amendment of the published index 
level 24 hours after the first publication, the index 
level published first shall, in any case, be 
applicable to the calculation. 
Wird der Index nicht mehr vom Indexsponsor, 
sondern von einer anderen Person, Gesellschaft 
oder Institution, die die Berechnungsstelle für 
geeignet 
hält 
(der 
"Nachfolgesponsor") 
berechnet 
und 
veröffentlicht, 
so 
wird 
der 
anwendbare 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
des 
vom 
Nachfolgesponsor 
berechneten 
und 
veröffentlichten 
Index 
berechnet. Jede hier enthaltene Bezugnahme auf 
den 
Indexsponsor 
gilt, 
sofern 
es 
der 
Zusammenhang erlaubt, als Bezugnahme auf 
den Nachfolgesponsor. 
If the Index is not calculated and published by the 
Index Sponsor anymore but by another person, 
corporation or institution, which the Calculation 
Agent 
considers 
suitable 
(the 
"Successor 
Sponsor"), the applicable Final Redemption 
Amount shall be calculated on the basis of the 
Index calculated and published by the Successor 
Sponsor. Any reference to Index Sponsor 
contained herein, shall, in this context, be 
deemed to refer to the Successor Sponsor. 
Wird der Index zu irgendeiner Zeit aufgehoben 
und/oder durch einen anderen Index ersetzt, legt 
die Berechnungsstelle nach billigem Ermessen, 
und auf eine wirtschaftlich vernünftige Weise 
handelnd, fest, welcher Index künftig für die 
Berechnung 
des 
anwendbaren 
Rückzahlungsbetrags zugrunde zu legen ist (der 
"Nachfolgeindex"). Der Nachfolgeindex sowie 
der Zeitpunkt seiner erstmaligen Anwendung 
werden so bald wie möglich, jedoch keinesfalls 
später 
als 
am 
Rückzahlungsfeststellungstag 
bekannt 
gemacht. 
Jede 
hier 
enthaltene 
Bezugnahme auf den Index gilt, sofern es der 
Zusammenhang erlaubt, als Bezugnahme auf 
den Nachfolgeindex. 
If at any time the Index is cancelled and/or 
replaced by any other index, the Calculation 
Agent shall, in the reasonable discretion and 
acting 
in 
good 
faith 
and 
a 
commercially 
reasonable manner, determine the Index which 
the following calculation of the applicable Final 
Redemption Amount will be based on (the 
"Successor Index"). The Successor Index and 
the time of its first application will be announced 
as soon as possible but not later than on the 
Redemption Determination Date. Any reference to 
the Index contained herein, shall, in this context, 
be deemed to refer to the Successor Index. 
Ist nach Ansicht der Berechnungsstelle: (i) die 
Festlegung eines Nachfolgeindex aus welchen 
Gründen 
auch 
immer 
nicht 
möglich; 
oder 
(ii) nimmt der Indexsponsor nach dem Tag der 
Auszahlung 
eine 
wesentliche 
Veränderung 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Berechnungsmethode 
zur 
Bestimmung des Index vor oder verändert der 
Indexsponsor den Index auf irgendeine andere 
Weise wesentlich, wird die Berechnungsstelle die 
Weiterrechnung 
und 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
If according to the Calculation Agent’s opinion: 
(i) the determination of the Successor Index is, for 
whatever reason, not possible; or (ii) the Index 
Sponsor significantly changes the method of 
calculating the Index or the Index Sponsor 
significantly changes the Index in any other way, 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
shall 
make 
further 
calculations and publications of the index level 
acting in good faith and in a commercially 
 
Germany, Ireland, Spain, France, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Austria, Portugal and Finland. Greece is included in the 
Euro-Zone since January 2001, Slovenia since January 2007, Cyprus and Malta since January 2008, Slovakia since January 
2009, Estonia since January 2011, Latvia since January 2014 and Lithuania since January 2015. The new member states are 
integrated into the Index using a chain index formula. The Index is calculated monthly and generally published halfway 
through the following month.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
Indexstandes 
unter 
Berücksichtigung 
des 
Grundsatzes von Treu und Glauben und in 
wirtschaftlich 
vernünftiger 
Art 
und 
Weise 
durchführen. 
reasonable manner. 
"Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen Union, die 
gemäß dem Vertrag über die Gründung der 
Europäischen Gemeinschaft (unterzeichnet in 
Rom am 25. März 1957), geändert durch den 
Vertrag 
über 
die 
Europäische 
Union 
(unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 1992), 
den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 1997 
und den Vertrag von Lissabon vom 13. Dezember 
2007, 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, 
eine 
einheitliche Währung eingeführt haben oder 
jeweils eingeführt haben werden. 
"Euro-Zone" means the region comprised of 
those member states of the European Union that 
have adopted, or will have adopted from time to 
time, the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam 
Treaty of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon 
of 13 December 2007, as further amended from 
time to time. 
"Bildschirmseite" meint [Bildschirmseite] oder 
jede Nachfolgeseite. 
"Screen Page" means [screen page] or the 
relevant successor page. 
"Rückzahlungsfeststellungstag" 
meint 
spätestens den [zweiten] [zutreffende andere 
Zahl von Tagen] TARGET Geschäftstag vor dem 
Fälligkeitstag.] 
"Redemption Determination Date" means at the 
latest the [second] [other applicable number of 
days] TARGET Business Day prior to the 
Maturity Date.] 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, einfügen: 
[In case the Notes are early redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer insert: 
(2) Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin. 
(2) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz (b) 
gekündigt 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt [falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auch 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden können, 
einfügen: oder teilweise] an dem (den) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) (Call) zu dem 
maßgeblichen 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call), 
nebst 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
(maßgeblichen) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with subparagraph (b), redeem 
all [in case the Notes may be redeemed 
also in part, insert: or some only] of the 
Notes on the Call Redemption Date(s) at 
the applicable Call Redemption Amount 
together with accrued interest, if any, to, 
but 
excluding, 
the 
(relevant) 
Call 
Redemption Date. 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag[e] 
(Call): 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungs[kurs] 
[kurse] (Call) in %: 
Call Redemption 
Date[s]: 
 
Call Redemption 
Price[s] in per cent: 
 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
(Call) einfügen] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungskurs/-
kurse (Call) einfügen] 
[insert Call 
Redemption Date(s)] 
 
[insert Call 
Redemption Price(s)] 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call)" entspricht 
dem Produkt aus der festgelegten Stückelung 
und dem maßgeblichen Wahl-Rückzahlungskurs 
(Call). 
"Call Redemption Amount" equals the product 
of the Specified Denomination and the relevant 
Call Redemption Price. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, bei 
denen der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen, einfügen: Der 
Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu, 
deren 
[In case of Notes which are early redeemable 
at the option of the Holder insert: The Issuer 
may not exercise such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by 
the Holder thereof of its option to require the 
redemption of such Note pursuant to § 5 (3).]

--- Page 82 ---
82 
Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung 
seines Wahlrechts gemäß § 5 (3) verlangt hat.] 
(b) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern durch 
die Emittentin gemäß § [10/11] bekannt zu 
geben. Sie ist unwiderruflich und beinhaltet 
die folgenden Angaben: 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders in accordance with 
§ [10/11]. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify: 
(i) die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(i) the 
series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption; 
(ii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen, 
die 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
15 Geschäftstage betragen darf] 
[Kalendertage] [Geschäftstage] [im 
Fall einer Höchstkündigungsfrist 
einfügen: 
und 
nicht 
mehr 
als 
[Höchstkündigungsfrist einfügen] 
[Kalendertage] 
[Geschäftstage]] 
nach 
dem 
Kalendertag 
der 
Kündigung 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen 
darf; [und] 
(ii) the Call Redemption Date which shall 
be not less than [insert Minimum 
Notice Period, which shall not be 
less 
than 
15 Business 
Days] 
[calendar days] [Business Days] [in 
case of a Maximum Notice Period 
insert: 
nor 
more 
than 
[insert 
Maximum Notice Period] [calendar 
days] [Business Days]] after the 
calendar day on which notice is given 
by the Issuer to the Holders; [and] 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungskurs (Call), zu 
dem 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden [;und] 
(iii) the Call Redemption Price at which 
such Notes are to be redeemed 
[;and] 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auch 
teilweise 
zurückgezahlt 
werden 
können, 
einfügen: 
[in case the Notes may be redeemed also in 
part, insert: 
(iv) eine 
Erklärung, 
dass 
diese 
Serie 
teilweise zurückgezahlt wird, und den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
(iv) that such series is to be redeemed in 
part only and the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes which are to be 
redeemed. 
(c) 
Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
maßgeblichen Clearingsystems oder, falls 
keine 
solchen 
Regeln 
bestehen, 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit der herrschenden 
Marktpraxis ausgewählt.]] 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of 
Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules of the 
relevant Clearing System or, if no such 
rules exist, in accordance with prevailing 
market practice.]]  
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, bei 
denen der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen, einfügen:  
[In case of Notes which are early redeemable 
at the option of the Holder insert: 
([2/3]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des 
Gläubigers. 
([2/3]) Early Redemption at the Option of a 
Holder. 
(a) 
Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung nach Ausübung des 
entsprechenden Wahlrechts durch den 
Gläubiger 
an 
dem 
(den) 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) 
(Put) 
zu 
dem 
maßgeblichen 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put) 
nebst 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, upon the exercise of the 
relevant option by the Holder of any Note, 
redeem such Note on the Put Redemption 
Date(s) at the applicable Put Redemption 
Amount together with accrued interest, if 
any, to, but excluding, the Put Redemption 
Date.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
(maßgeblichen) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag[e] 
(Put): 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungs[kurs] 
[kurse] (Put) in%: 
Put Redemption 
Date[s]: 
Put Redemption 
Price[s] in per cent.: 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
(Put) einfügen] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungs[kurs] 
[kurse] (Put) in% 
einfügen] 
[insert Put 
Redemption Date(s)] 
[insert Put 
Redemption Price(s)]  
"Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put)" 
entspricht 
dem Produkt aus der festgelegten Stückelung 
und dem maßgeblichen Wahl-Rückzahlungskurs 
(Put). 
"Put Redemption Amount" equals the product of 
the Specified Denomination and the relevant Put 
Redemption Price. 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
steuerlichen Gründen vorzeitig zurückzahlbar 
sind oder die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, 
diese aus anderen als steuerlichen Gründen 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, einfügen: 
[In case the Notes are early redeemable for 
taxation reasons or at the option of the Issuer 
for reasons other than taxation reasons insert: 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren 
Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung 
[falls der Emittentin nur ein Wahlrecht nach 
diesem 
§ 5 
zusteht, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, einfügen: ihres Wahlrechts] 
[falls der Emittentin mehrere Wahlrechte nach 
diesem 
§ 5 
zustehen, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
einfügen: 
eines 
ihrer 
Wahlrechte] nach diesem § 5 verlangt hat.] 
The Holder may not exercise such option in 
respect of any Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Issuer of [in case the Issuer 
is entitled to redeem the Notes early pursuant 
to one of the options set out in this § 5, insert: 
its option] [in case the Issuer is entitled to 
redeem the Notes early pursuant to several of 
the options set out in this § 5, insert: one of its 
options] to redeem such Note pursuant to this 
§ 5.] 
(b) 
Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der 
Gläubiger 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen, die 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
15 Geschäftstage 
betragen 
darf] 
[Kalendertage] 
[Geschäftstage] 
[im 
Fall 
einer 
Höchstkündigungsfrist 
einfügen: 
und 
nicht mehr als [Höchstkündigungsfrist 
einfügen] [Kalendertage] [Geschäftstage]] 
vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an 
dem 
die 
Rückzahlung 
gemäß 
der 
Ausübungserklärung 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) erfolgen soll, an die bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Zahlstelle 
eine 
schriftliche 
Mitteilung 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung (die "Ausübungserklärung") 
zu senden. Die Ausübung des Wahlrechts 
kann 
nicht 
widerrufen 
werden. 
Die 
Ausübungserklärung 
hat 
anzugeben: 
(i) den 
gesamten 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
für 
die 
das 
Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird; und (ii) die 
Wertpapierkennnummern 
(soweit 
vergeben) dieser Schuldverschreibungen. 
Für die Ausübungserklärung kann ein 
Formblatt, wie es bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Zahlstelle 
in 
der 
(b) 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder 
must, not less than [insert Minimum 
Notice Period, which shall not be less 
than 15 Business Days] [calendar days] 
[Business Days] [in case of a Maximum 
Notice Period insert: nor more than 
[insert 
Maximum 
Notice 
Period] 
[calendar days] [Business Days]] prior to 
the relevant Put Redemption Date on which 
such redemption is required to be made as 
specified in the Put Notice (as defined 
below), send to the specified office of the 
Paying Agent an early redemption notice in 
written form (the "Put Notice"). No option 
so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. 
The Put Notice shall specify: (i) the total 
principal amount of the Notes in respect of 
which such option is exercised; and (ii) the 
securities 
identification 
numbers 
(if 
assigned) of such Notes. The Put Notice 
may be in the form available from the 
specified office of the Paying Agent, may 
be in the German or the English language 
and includes further information. The Issuer 
shall only be required to redeem Notes in 
respect of which such option is exercised 
against delivery of such Notes to the Issuer

--- Page 84 ---
84 
deutschen und der englischen Sprache 
erhältlich ist und das weitere Hinweise 
enthält, 
verwendet 
werden. 
Die 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen, 
für die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt wurde, 
erfolgt 
nur 
gegen 
Lieferung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen an die Emittentin 
oder deren Order.] 
or to its order.] 
[Falls der Gläubiger kein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen, einfügen: 
[If the Notes are not early redeemable at the 
option of the Holder insert: 
([2/3]) Keine vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
des Gläubigers. Die Gläubiger haben kein Recht, 
die 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zu verlangen.] 
([2/3]) No Early Redemption at the Option of a 
Holder. The Holders do not have a right to 
demand the early redemption of the Notes.] 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
steuerlichen Gründen vorzeitig zurückzahlbar 
sind, einfügen: 
[In case the Notes are early redeemable for 
taxation reasons insert: 
([2/3/4]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen 
Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen können 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der 
Emittentin mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als [Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen] 
und nicht mehr als [Höchstkündigungsfrist 
einfügen] 
[Kalendertagen] 
[Geschäftstagen] 
gegenüber der Zahlstelle und gemäß § [10/11] 
gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt 
(wobei diese Kündigung unwiderruflich ist) und 
jederzeit 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, 
falls 
die 
Emittentin am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag 
zur Zahlung von Zusätzlichen Beträgen gemäß 
§ 7 (2) verpflichtet sein wird, und zwar als Folge 
einer 
Änderung 
oder 
Ergänzung 
der 
Rechtsnormen der Republik Österreich, einer EU-
Richtlinie 
oder 
EU-Verordnung 
oder 
eines 
internationalen Abkommens oder informellen 
Übereinkommens, dessen Partei(en) die Republik 
Österreich und/oder die Europäische Union 
ist/sind, oder als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung in der Anwendung oder Auslegung 
dieser Normen und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, 
diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder 
nach dem Kalendertag, an dem die letzte 
Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben 
wird, 
wirksam), 
und 
eine 
solche 
Änderung oder Ergänzung nachgewiesen wurde 
durch Einreichung durch die Emittentin bei der 
Zahlstelle (die eine solche Bestätigung und ein 
solches Gutachten als ausreichenden Nachweis 
hierüber anerkennen wird) von: (i) einer von zwei 
bevollmächtigten Vertretern der Emittentin im 
Namen 
der 
Emittentin 
unterzeichneten 
Bestätigung, in der ausgeführt wird, dass eine 
solche Änderung oder Ergänzung eingetreten ist 
(unabhängig davon, ob eine solche Änderung 
oder Ergänzung zu diesem Zeitpunkt bereits in 
Kraft ist), in der die Tatsachen, die hierzu geführt 
haben, beschrieben werden und festgestellt wird, 
dass diese Verpflichtung von der Emittentin nicht 
durch 
das 
Ergreifen 
vernünftiger, 
ihr 
zur 
([2/3/4]) Early 
Redemption 
for 
Reasons 
of 
Taxation. The Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time on giving not less than [insert Minimum 
Notice Period] nor more than [insert Maximum 
Notice Period] [calendar days] [Business Days] 
prior notice of early redemption to the Paying 
Agent and, in accordance with § [10/11], to the 
Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if on 
the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, the 
Issuer will become obliged to pay Additional 
Amounts pursuant to § 7 (2) as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws of the 
Republic of Austria, a European Union directive or 
regulation 
or 
an 
international 
treaty 
or 
understanding to which the Republic of Austria 
and/or the European Union is a party/are parties, 
or as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the application or interpretation of such laws and 
regulations, which amendment or change is 
effective on or after the date on which the last 
tranche of this series of Notes is issued, and such 
amendment or change has been evidenced by 
the delivery by the Issuer to the Paying Agent 
(who shall accept such certificate and opinion as 
sufficient evidence thereof) of: (i) a certificate 
signed by two authorised representatives of the 
Issuer on behalf of the Issuer stating that such 
amendment or change has occurred (irrespective 
of whether such amendment or change is then 
effective), describing the facts leading thereto and 
stating that such requirement cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it; and (ii) an opinion of an Austrian 
attorney at law or tax advisor to the effect that 
such amendment or change has occurred 
(irrespective of whether such amendment or 
change is then effective), provided that no such 
notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 
90 calendar days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of

--- Page 85 ---
85 
Verfügung stehender Maßnahmen abgewendet 
werden kann; und (ii) einem Gutachten eines 
österreichischen 
Rechtsanwalts 
oder 
Steuerberaters, besagend, dass eine solche 
Änderung 
oder 
Ergänzung 
eingetreten 
ist 
(unabhängig davon, ob eine solche Änderung 
oder Ergänzung zu diesem Zeitpunkt bereits in 
Kraft ist), wobei eine solche Kündigung nicht 
früher als 90 Kalendertage vor dem frühest 
möglichen Termin erfolgen darf, an dem die 
Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen 
Beträge in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zu zahlen, falls zu diesem Zeitpunkt eine Zahlung 
fällig wäre. Eine Kündigung darf nicht erfolgen, 
wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Kündigung 
erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von 
zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist.] 
the Notes then due. No such notice of redemption 
shall be given if at the time such notice is given, 
the obligation to pay such Additional Amounts 
does not remain in effect.] 
[Falls 
der 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
anwendbar ist, einfügen:  
 
[In case the Early Redemption Amount is 
applicable, insert:  
 
([3/4/5]) Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. [Falls 
die Schuldverschreibungen aus steuerlichen 
Gründen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzahlbar 
sind, 
einfügen: Im Fall einer vorzeitigen Rückzahlung 
gemäß 
§ 5 ([2/3/4]) 
werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
ihrem 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) 
[im Fall von anderen Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
Nullkupon 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
einfügen: 
zuzüglich 
etwaiger 
bis 
zu 
dem 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückgezahlt].] Für die Zwecke [falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzahlbar 
sind, 
einfügen: 
dieses 
§ 5] 
[falls 
Kündigung 
Anwendung findet, einfügen: [und] von § 9] 
entspricht der "vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung 
[dem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
[sonstigen 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag einfügen] [im Fall von 
Nullkuponschuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: 
einem Betrag, der nach folgender Formel 
berechnet wird: 
([3/4/5]) Early Redemption Amount. [In case the 
Notes are early redeemable for taxation 
reasons insert: In case of early redemption 
pursuant to § 5 ([2/3/4]), the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
defined below) [in case of Notes other than 
Zero Coupon Notes, insert: together with 
interest, if any, accrued to, but excluding, the date 
of redemption].] For purposes of [in case the 
Notes are early redeemable for reasons of 
taxation insert: this § 5] [where Acceleration 
applies, 
insert: 
[and] 
§ 9], 
the 
"Early 
Redemption Amount" of a Note shall be [its 
Final Redemption Amount] [insert other Early 
Redemption Amount] [in case of Zero Coupon 
Notes, 
insert: 
an 
amount 
calculated 
in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Ausgabekurs x Stückelung x 
(1 + Emissionsrendite)N; 
Issue 
Price x Specified 
Denomination x 
(1 + Issue Yield)N; 
wobei: 
where: 
"Begebungstag" ist [Begebungstag einfügen]; 
"Issue Date" means [insert Issue Date]; 
"Ausgabekurs" 
entspricht 
[Ausgabekurs 
einfügen]%; 
"Issue Price" means [insert Issue Price] per 
cent.; 
"Emissionsrendite" 
entspricht 
[in 
Prozent 
ausgedrückte Emissionsrendite einfügen]% 
und berechnet sich auf Basis des Ausgabekurses 
am Begebungstag; und 
"Issue 
Yield" 
means 
[insert 
Issue 
Yield 
expressed as a percentage] per cent. and is 
calculated on the basis of the issue price on the 
Issue Date, and 
"N" entspricht der Anzahl der Kalendertage im 
Zeitraum vom Begebungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zu dem Kalendertag (ausschließlich), an dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt 
werden 
"N" means the number of calendar days in the 
period from, and including, the Issue Date to, and 
excluding, the date on which the Notes shall 
become due and repayable (the "Calculation

--- Page 86 ---
86 
(der 
"Berechnungszeitraum") 
unter 
Berücksichtigung 
des 
anwendbaren 
Zinstagequotienten.]] 
Period") calculated on the basis of the applicable 
Day Count Fraction.]] 
§ 6 
DIE ZAHLSTELLE[N] [UND 
DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] 
 
§ 6 
PAYING AGENT[S] 
[AND CALCULATION AGENT] 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen. Die 
anfänglich bestellte Hauptzahlstelle [falls (eine) 
weitere Zahlstelle(n) ernannt werden sollen, 
einfügen:, 
die 
anfänglich 
bestellte(n) 
Zahlstelle(n)] 
und 
die 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Berechnungsstelle 
und 
ihre 
anfänglich 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen lauten wie folgt:  
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial 
Principal Paying Agent [in case (a) further 
paying agent(s) shall be appointed, insert:, the 
initial Paying Agent(s)] and the initial Calculation 
Agent and their respective initial specified offices 
are:  
Hauptzahlstelle: 
Principal Paying Agent: 
[Falls Oberbank AG als Emissions- und 
Hauptzahlstelle ernannt werden soll, einfügen: 
[In case Oberbank AG shall be appointed as 
initial Fiscal and Principal Paying Agent 
insert:  
Oberbank AG 
Untere Donaulände 28 
4020 Linz 
Österreich] 
Oberbank AG 
Untere Donaulände 28 
4020 Linz 
Austria] 
[Falls eine andere Hauptzahlstelle ernannt 
werden soll, sind ihr Name und ihre anfänglich 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle einzufügen.] 
[In case another Principal Paying Agent shall 
be appointed, insert its name and initial 
specified office.] 
[Falls eine zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstelle 
ernannt werden soll, sind ihr Name und ihre 
anfänglich 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
einzufügen.] 
[In case an additional or other paying agent 
shall be appointed insert its name and initial 
specified office.] 
Soweit in diesen Emissionsbedingungen der 
Begriff "Zahlstelle(n)" erwähnt wird, so schließt 
dieser Begriff die Hauptzahlstelle mit ein. 
Where these Terms and Conditions refer to the 
term "Paying Agent(s)", such term shall include 
the Principal Paying Agent. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit einem 
variablen oder inflationsabhängigen Zinssatz 
einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a floating or inflation 
linked interest rate insert: 
Berechnungsstelle: 
Calculation Agent: 
[Falls Oberbank AG als Berechnungsstelle 
ernannt werden soll, einfügen: 
[In case Oberbank AG shall be appointed as 
Calculation Agent insert:  
Oberbank AG 
Untere Donaulände 28 
4020 Linz 
Österreich] 
Oberbank AG 
Untere Donaulände 28 
4020 Linz 
Austria] 
[Falls eine andere Berechnungsstelle ernannt 
werden soll, sind ihr Name und ihre anfänglich 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle einzufügen.]] 
[In case another Calculation Agent shall be 
appointed, insert its name and initial specified 
office.]] 
Die Zahlstelle(n) [und die Berechnungsstelle] 
behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit ihre 
jeweilige bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch eine 
andere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in derselben 
Stadt zu ersetzen. 
The Paying Agent(s) [and the Calculation Agent] 
reserve the right at any time to change their 
respective specified office to some other specified 
office in the same city.  
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
die 
Bestellung 
einer 
Zahlstelle 
[oder 
der 
Berechnungsstelle] zu ändern oder zu beenden 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent 
[or the Calculation Agent] and to appoint

--- Page 87 ---
87 
und zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen oder eine 
andere Berechnungsstelle zu bestellen. Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
jedoch, 
[(i)] solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an einer Wertpapierbörse 
notiert sind, eine Zahlstelle (die die Emittentin 
sein kann) mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle an 
einem Ort unterhalten, den die Regeln dieser 
Börse oder ihrer Aufsichtsbehörde(n) verlangen 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Zahlungen 
in 
U.S.-Dollar 
einfügen:; [und] ([ii]) falls Zahlungen bei den 
oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten aufgrund der 
Einführung von Devisenbeschränkungen oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen 
hinsichtlich 
der 
vollständigen Zahlung oder des Empfangs der 
entsprechenden 
Beträge 
in 
U.S.-Dollar 
widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich ausgeschlossen 
werden, 
eine 
Zahlstelle 
mit 
bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle in New York unterhalten[;]] [Im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit einem 
variablen oder inflationsabhängigen Zinssatz 
einfügen: und ([ii/iii]) eine Berechnungsstelle 
unterhalten]. Die Emittentin wird die Gläubiger 
von jeder Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder 
jedem sonstigen Wechsel sobald wie möglich 
nach Eintritt der Wirksamkeit einer solchen 
Veränderung informieren. 
additional or other Paying Agents or another 
Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall at all times 
maintain, [(i)] so long as the Notes are listed on a 
stock exchange, a Paying Agent (which may be 
the Issuer) with a specified office in such place as 
may be required by the rules of such stock 
exchange or its supervisory authority(ies) [in 
case of payments in U.S. Dollars insert:; [and] 
([ii]) if payments at or through the offices of all 
Paying Agents outside the United States become 
illegal or are effectively precluded because of the 
imposition of exchange controls or similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such 
amounts in U.S. Dollars, a Paying Agent with a 
specified office in New York[;]] [In case of Notes 
with a floating or inflation linked interest rate 
insert: and ([ii/iii]) a Calculation Agent]. The 
Issuer will give notice to the Holders of any 
variation, termination, appointment or any other 
change 
as 
soon 
as 
possible 
upon 
the 
effectiveness of such change. 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die Zahlstellen 
[und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle] 
handeln 
ausschließlich als Beauftragte der Emittentin und 
übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber 
den Gläubigern; es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den 
Gläubigern begründet.  
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Paying Agents [and 
the Calculation Agent] act solely as agents of the 
Issuer and do not have any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust to any Holder.  
(4) Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Festsetzungen. 
Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, 
Quotierungen 
und Entscheidungen, die von der Zahlstelle für 
die 
Zwecke 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen 
gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder eingeholt 
werden, 
sind 
(sofern 
keine 
vorsätzliche 
Pflichtverletzung, kein böser Glaube und kein 
offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, 
die Zahlstellen[, die Berechnungsstelle] und die 
Gläubiger bindend, und, sofern keiner der 
vorstehend genannten Umstände vorliegt, haftet 
die Zahlstelle nicht gegenüber der Emittentin, den 
Zahlstellen[, der Berechnungsstelle] oder den 
Gläubigern im Zusammenhang mit der Ausübung 
oder Nichtausübung ihrer Rechte und Pflichten 
und 
ihres 
Ermessens 
gemäß 
solchen 
Bestimmungen. 
(4) Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
the provisions of these Terms and Conditions by 
the Paying Agent shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Paying Agents[, the Calculation 
Agent] and the Holders and, in the absence of the 
aforesaid, no liability to the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents[, the Calculation Agent] or the Holders 
shall attach to the Paying Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
(1) Steuern. 
Alle 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an den Gläubiger (oder 
an einen Dritten im Interesse des Gläubigers) zu 
zahlenden Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen sind 
ohne Abzug oder Einbehalt für oder aufgrund 
gegenwärtiger 
oder 
zukünftiger 
Steuern, 
(1) Taxes. All amounts of principal and interest 
payable to the Holder (or a third party on behalf of 
the Holder) in respect of the Notes shall be made 
without deduction or withholding for or on account 
of any present or future taxes, duties or 
governmental charges of any nature whatsoever

--- Page 88 ---
88 
Gebühren oder Abgaben jeglicher Art ("Steuern") 
zu zahlen, die von oder für die Republik 
Österreich, von einer oder für eine ihrer zur 
Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten 
politischen 
Untergliederungen oder von einer oder für eine 
ihrer zur Steuererhebung ermächtigten Behörden 
im Wege des Abzugs oder des Einbehalts 
auferlegt oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein 
solcher Abzug oder Einbehalt ist gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben. 
(the "Taxes") imposed or levied by way of 
deduction or withholding by or on behalf of the 
Republic of Austria or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof having power to tax, unless 
such deduction or withholding is required by law. 
[Falls 
Zahlung 
Zusätzlicher 
Beträge 
anwendbar ist, einfügen:  
(2) Zusätzliche 
Beträge. 
[Falls 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: In diesem Fall zahlt 
die Emittentin, soweit gesetzlich zulässig, jene 
zusätzlichen 
Beträge 
(die 
"Zusätzlichen 
Beträge"), die erforderlich sind, damit die einem 
Gläubiger (oder einem Dritten im Interesse des 
Gläubigers) 
zufließenden 
Nettobeträge 
nach 
diesem Abzug oder Einbehalt den Beträgen 
entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Abzug oder 
Einbehalt vom Gläubiger (oder einem Dritten im 
Interesse 
des 
Gläubigers) 
erhalten 
worden 
wären; jedoch sind Zusätzliche Beträge nicht zu 
zahlen aufgrund von Steuern, die 
[If Payment of Additional Amounts applies, 
insert:  
(2) Additional Amounts. [If Early Redemption for 
Reasons of Taxation is applicable, insert: In 
that event, the Issuer shall, to the extent permitted 
by law, pay such additional amounts (the 
"Additional Amounts") as shall be necessary in 
order that the net amounts received by the Holder 
(or a third party on behalf of the Holder), after 
such deduction or withholding, shall equal the 
respective amounts which would otherwise have 
been receivable in the absence of such deduction 
or withholding, except that no such Additional 
Amounts shall be payable on account of Taxes 
which: 
(a) 
abgezogen oder einbehalten werden, weil 
der Gläubiger (oder ein Dritter im Interesse 
des Gläubigers) (i) einer anderen aus 
steuerlicher Sicht relevanten Beziehung zur 
Republik Österreich unterliegt oder zum 
Zeitpunkt 
des 
Erwerbs 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen unterlegen ist, als 
lediglich 
der 
Inhaber 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
sein 
oder 
gewesen zu sein oder (ii) eine Zahlung aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen von oder unter 
Einbindung 
einer 
österreichischen 
auszahlenden 
Stelle 
oder 
einer 
österreichischen 
depotführenden 
Stelle 
(wie 
jeweils 
in 
§ 95 
Abs 2 
Einkommensteuergesetz 1988 idgF oder 
einer 
allfälligen 
Nachfolgebestimmung 
definiert) 
erhält; 
die 
österreichische 
Kapitalertragsteuer ist somit keine Steuer, 
für die die Emittentin Zusätzliche Beträge 
zu zahlen hat; oder 
(a) 
are deducted or withheld by reason of the 
Holder (or a third party on behalf of the 
Holder) (i) for tax purposes having, or 
having had at the time of acquisition of the 
Notes, another nexus to the Republic of 
Austria than merely being, or having been, 
the bearer of the Notes; or (ii) receiving an 
amount payable in respect of the Notes by, 
or involving an Austrian paying agent 
(auszahlende 
Stelle) 
or 
an 
Austrian 
custodian agent (depotführende Stelle; both 
terms as defined in § 95(2) of the Austrian 
Income 
Tax 
Act 
1988 
[Einkommensteuergesetz 1988] 
as 
amended or a subsequent legal provision, if 
any); 
Austrian 
withholding 
tax 
on 
investment 
income 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) 
shall thus not qualify as a tax for which the 
Issuer would be obliged to pay Additional 
Amounts; or 
(b) 
abgezogen 
oder 
einbehalten 
werden 
aufgrund eines völkerrechtlichen oder eines 
zivilrechtlichen Vertrags zwischen einem 
Staat und/oder einer seiner politischen 
Untergliederungen und/oder einer seiner 
Behörden 
und/oder 
einer 
Staatengemeinschaft einerseits und der 
Republik Österreich und/oder einer ihrer 
politischen Untergliederungen und/oder der 
Europäischen 
Union 
und/oder 
der 
Emittentin und/oder eines Intermediärs 
andererseits; oder 
(b) 
are deducted or withheld pursuant to an 
international treaty or a civil law agreement 
concluded by a state and/or one of its 
political subdivisions and/or one of its 
authorities and/or a group of states on the 
one hand and the Republic of Austria 
and/or one of its political subdivisions 
and/or the European Union and/or the 
Issuer and/or an intermediary on the other 
hand; or

--- Page 89 ---
89 
(c) 
aufgrund von Rechtsnormen der Republik 
Österreich, einer EU-Richtlinie oder EU-
Verordnung 
oder 
eines 
internationalen 
Abkommens 
oder 
informellen 
Übereinkommens, dessen Partei(en) die 
Republik 
Österreich 
und/oder 
die 
Europäische Union ist/sind, rückerstattbar 
oder an der Quelle entlastbar wären; oder 
(c) 
are refundable or for which a relief at 
source is available pursuant to the laws of 
the Republic of Austria, a European Union 
directive or regulation or an international 
treaty or understanding to which the 
Republic of Austria and/or the European 
Union is a party/are parties; or 
(d) 
nicht abgezogen oder einbehalten hätten 
werden müssen, wenn der Gläubiger (oder 
ein Dritter im Interesse des Gläubigers) 
ordnungsgemäße 
Dokumentation 
oder 
Beweise zur Erlangung einer Befreiung von 
der Steuer vorgelegt hätte, oder 
(d) 
would not have had to be deducted or 
withheld if the Holder (or a third party on 
behalf of the Holder) had duly submitted 
documentation or evidence to qualify for a 
tax exemption; or 
(e) 
nicht zahlbar wären, wenn der Gläubiger 
(oder 
ein 
Dritter 
im 
Interesse 
des 
Gläubigers) 
den 
Anspruch 
auf 
die 
betreffende 
Zahlung 
ordnungsgemäß 
innerhalb 
von 
30 
Tagen 
nach 
dem 
jeweiligen Fälligkeitstag geltend gemacht 
hätte; oder 
(e) 
would not have been deducted or withheld 
if the Holder (or a third party on behalf of 
the Holder) had duly submitted a claim for 
the respective payment of principal or 
interest within 30 days after the due date; 
or 
(f) 
abgezogen 
oder 
einbehalten 
werden 
aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung, welche 
später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung oder, wenn dies 
später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und 
einer 
diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung 
gemäß § [10/11], wirksam wird; oder 
(f) 
are deducted or withheld by reason of a 
change in law that becomes effective more 
than 30 days after the relevant payment 
becomes due, or is duly provided for and 
notice thereof is published in accordance 
with § [10/11], whichever occurs later; or 
(g) 
nach Zahlung durch die Emittentin während 
der Überweisung an den Gläubiger (oder 
einen Dritten im Interesse des Gläubigers) 
abgezogen oder einbehalten werden.] 
(g) 
are deducted or withheld after payment by 
the Issuer during the transfer to the Holder 
(or a third party on behalf of the Holder).] 
([2/3]) U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
Act (FATCA). Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, von 
den an einen Gläubiger oder einen an den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
wirtschaftlich 
Berechtigten unter den Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
zahlenden 
Beträgen 
diejenigen 
Beträge 
einzubehalten oder abzuziehen, die erforderlich 
sind, um eine etwaige Steuer zu zahlen, die die 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
einer 
Vereinbarung 
einzubehalten oder abzuziehen verpflichtet ist, 
die in Artikel 1471 (b) des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code von 1986 in der jeweils geltenden Fassung 
(der 
"Kodex") 
beschrieben 
wird, 
oder 
die 
anderweitig gemäß den Artikeln 1471 bis 1474 
des Kodex (oder etwaigen unter dem Kodex 
erlassenen 
Verordnungen 
oder 
amtlichen 
Auslegungen des Kodex), oder gemäß einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung zwischen den 
Vereinigten 
Staaten 
und 
einer 
anderen 
Jurisdiktion zur Umsetzung des Kodex (oder 
gemäß steuerrechtlicher oder aufsichtsrechtlicher 
Gesetzgebung, Vorschriften oder Praktiken, die 
eine solche zwischenstaatliche Vereinbarung 
umsetzen) (jeder Einbehalt oder Abzug, ein 
"FATCA Einbehalt") vorgeschrieben wird. Weder 
die Emittentin noch eine andere Person ist 
([2/3]) U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
Act (FATCA). The Issuer is authorised to withhold 
or deduct from amounts payable under the Notes 
to a Holder or beneficial owner of Notes sufficient 
funds for the payment of any tax that it is required 
to withhold or deduct pursuant an agreement 
described in Section 1471 (b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code"), or that is otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any 
regulations thereunder or official interpretations 
thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement 
between 
the 
United 
States 
and 
another 
jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof 
(or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or 
practices 
implementing 
such 
an 
intergovernmental 
agreement) 
(any 
such 
withholding 
or 
deduction, 
a 
"FATCA 
Withholding"). Neither the Issuer nor any other 
person will be required to pay any Additional 
Amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
verpflichtet, irgendwelche Zusätzlichen Beträge in 
Bezug auf den FATCA Einbehalt zu zahlen. 
§ 8 
VERJÄHRUNG 
§ 8 
PRESCRIPTION 
Ansprüche gegen die Emittentin auf Zahlungen 
hinsichtlich der Schuldverschreibungen verjähren 
und werden unwirksam, wenn diese nicht 
innerhalb von dreißig Jahren [Im Fall von 
anderen als Nullkuponschuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: (im Falle des Kapitals) und innerhalb 
von drei Jahren (im Falle von Zinsen)] ab dem 
maßgeblichen Fälligkeitstag geltend gemacht 
werden. 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect 
of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void 
unless made within thirty years [in case of Notes 
other than Zero Coupon Notes, insert: (in the 
case of principal) and three years (in the case of 
interest)] upon the relevant due date. 
[Im Fall, dass Kündigung Anwendung findet, 
einfügen: 
[In case Acceleration is applicable, insert: 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
§ 9 
ACCELERATION 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger 
ist 
berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibungen gemäß 
Absatz (2) zu kündigen und deren sofortige 
Rückzahlung 
zu 
ihrem 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 
definiert), 
zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Kalendertag der 
Rückzahlung 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zu verlangen, falls:  
(1) Events of Default. Each Holder shall be 
entitled to declare its Notes due in accordance 
with 
paragraph (2) 
and 
demand 
immediate 
redemption thereof at the Early Redemption 
Amount (as defined in § 5), together with accrued 
interest (if any) to (but excluding) the date of 
repayment, in the event that:  
(a) 
Zahlungsverzug von Zinsen oder Kapital 
hinsichtlich der Schuldverschreibungen für 
einen Zeitraum von 15 Kalendertagen (im 
Fall von Zinsen) oder sieben Kalendertagen 
(im Fall von Kapitalzahlungen) ab dem 
maßgeblichen 
Zinszahlungstag 
bzw 
Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich) vorliegt; oder 
(a) 
default is made on the payment of interest 
or principal in respect of the Notes for a 
period of 15 calendar days (in the case of 
interest) or seven calendar days (in the 
case of principal) from (and including) the 
relevant Interest Payment Date or Maturity 
Date; or 
(b) 
die Emittentin es unterlässt, seitens der 
Emittentin zu erfüllende oder einzuhaltende 
und 
in 
den 
Emissionsbedingungen 
enthaltene 
Bedingungen 
oder 
Bestimmungen 
(abgesehen 
von 
der 
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung des Kapitals oder 
von 
Zinsen 
gemäß 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen) zu erfüllen oder 
einzuhalten, wenn dieser Verzugsfall keiner 
Heilung zugänglich ist oder innerhalb von 
45 Kalendertagen nach Mitteilung über 
einen 
solchen 
Verzugsfall 
an 
die 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle der Zahlstelle 
durch einen Gläubiger nicht geheilt wird; 
oder 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any 
condition or provision contained in the 
Terms and Conditions (other than any 
obligation for the payment of principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes) which the 
Issuer is obliged to perform or observe, 
which default is incapable of remedy or is 
not remedied within 45 calendar days after 
notice of such default shall have been given 
to the Paying Agent at its specified office by 
any Holder; or 
(c) 
über das Vermögen der Emittentin das 
Insolvenzverfahren 
(Konkursverfahren) 
eröffnet, das Geschäftsaufsichtsverfahren 
nach österreichischem Bankwesengesetz 
(oder einer anderen künftig anwendbaren 
Norm) 
eingeleitet 
oder 
eine 
aufsichtsbehördliche Maßnahme durch die 
österreichische 
Finanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde (oder eine 
andere künftig hierfür zuständige Behörde) 
(c) 
insolvency (bankruptcy) proceedings or 
special 
receivership 
proceedings 
(Geschäftsaufsichtsverfahren) pursuant to 
the 
Austrian 
Banking 
Act 
(Bankwesengesetz) (or any other regulation 
applicable in the future) are commenced 
against assets of the Issuer, or if the 
Austrian Financial Market Authority (or any 
other authority competent for such matters 
in the future) institutes regulatory measures

--- Page 91 ---
91 
mit 
dem 
Effekt 
einer 
befristeten 
Forderungsstundung ergriffen wird oder 
wenn die Emittentin abgewickelt oder 
aufgelöst werden soll, außer für Zwecke 
der Sanierung, Verschmelzung oder des 
Zusammenschlusses, 
wenn 
der 
Rechtsnachfolger alle Verpflichtungen der 
Emittentin 
im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt. 
(aufsichtsbehördliche Maßnahmen) with the 
effect of a temporary moratorium or if the 
Issuer shall be wound up or dissolved, 
otherwise 
than 
for 
the 
purposes 
of 
reconstruction, merger or amalgamation in 
which the successor entity assumes all the 
obligations of the Issuer with respect to the 
Notes. 
(2) Benachrichtigung. 
Eine 
Benachrichtigung, 
einschließlich 
einer 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß Absatz (1), erfolgt 
nach Maßgabe des § [10/11] (3).] 
(2) Notice. Any notice, including any notice 
declaring 
Notes 
due 
in 
accordance 
with 
paragraph (1), shall be made in accordance with 
§ [10/11] (3).] 
§ [9/10] 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, RÜCKKAUF 
UND ENTWERTUNG 
§ [9/10] 
FURTHER ISSUES OF NOTES, 
REPURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Gläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher Ausstattung 
(mit Ausnahme des Kalendertags der Begebung, 
des Ausgabekurses, des Verzinsungsbeginns 
und/oder des ersten Zinszahlungstags) in der 
Weise 
zu 
begeben, 
dass 
sie 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie 
bilden.  
(1) Further Issues of Notes. The Issuer may from 
time to time, without the consent of the Holders, 
issue further Notes having the same terms as the 
Notes in all respects (except for the issue date, 
issue price, Interest Commencement Date and/or 
first Interest Payment Date) so as to form a single 
series with the Notes.  
(2) Rückkauf. Die Emittentin und jede ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften sind berechtigt, jederzeit 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Markt 
oder 
anderweitig 
zu 
jedem 
beliebigen 
Preis 
zurückzukaufen. Die von der Emittentin oder ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaft 
erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der 
Emittentin bzw dieser Tochtergesellschaft von ihr 
gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei der Zahlstelle 
zwecks Entwertung eingereicht werden.  
(2) Repurchases. The Issuer and any of its 
subsidiaries may at any time repurchase Notes in 
the open market or otherwise at any price. Notes 
repurchased by the Issuer or the subsidiary may, 
at the option of the Issuer or such subsidiary, be 
held, resold or surrendered to the Paying Agent 
for cancellation.  
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig getilgten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind unverzüglich zu 
entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder 
wiederverkauft werden.  
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall 
be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or 
resold.  
§ [10/11] 
MITTEILUNGEN 
§ [10/11] 
NOTICES 
(1) Bekanntmachung. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Tatsachenmitteilungen sind im Internet auf der 
Internetseite der Emittentin ("www .oberbank.at") 
zu 
veröffentlichen. 
Jede 
derartige 
Tatsachenmitteilung 
gilt 
mit 
dem 
fünften 
Kalendertag 
nach 
dem 
Kalendertag 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem fünften Kalendertag 
nach dem Kalendertag der ersten solchen 
Veröffentlichung) 
als 
übermittelt. 
Allfällige 
börsenrechtliche 
Veröffentlichungsvorschriften 
bleiben hiervon unberührt. Rechtlich bedeutsame 
Mitteilungen werden an die Gläubiger im Wege 
der depotführenden Stelle übermittelt. Alternativ 
(1) Publication. All notices of facts concerning the 
Notes shall be published on the website of the 
Issuer ("www .oberbank.at"). Any notice so given 
will be deemed to have been validly given on the 
fifth calendar day following the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on 
the fifth calendar day following the date of the first 
such publication). This does not affect any 
applicable 
stock 
exchange 
law 
publication 
requirements. Legally material notices shall be 
given to the Holders via the respective institutions 
which maintain the Holders' security accounts. 
Alternatively, the Issuer shall be entitled to send 
at any time notices directly to Holders known to

--- Page 92 ---
92 
ist die Emittentin jederzeit berechtigt, Mitteilungen 
direkt an ihr bekannte Gläubiger zu übermitteln. 
the Issuer. 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Soweit 
die 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Mitteilungen 
nach 
Absatz (1) rechtlich nicht mehr erforderlich ist, ist 
die Emittentin berechtigt, eine Veröffentlichung in 
den in Absatz (1) genannten Medien durch 
Übermittlung 
von 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung durch das 
Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger zu ersetzen. 
Jede 
derartige 
Mitteilung 
gilt 
am 
siebten 
Kalendertag 
nach 
dem 
Kalendertag 
der 
Übermittlung an das Clearingsystem als den 
Gläubigern mitgeteilt. 
(2) Notification 
to 
Clearing 
System. 
If 
the 
publication of notices pursuant to paragraph (1) is 
no longer required by law, the Issuer may, in lieu 
of 
publication 
in 
the 
media 
set 
forth 
in 
paragraph (1), deliver the relevant notices to the 
Clearing System, for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Holders on the seventh calendar day after the 
calendar day on which said notice was delivered 
to the Clearing System. 
(3) Form der von Gläubigern zu machenden 
Mitteilungen. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen der Gläubiger an die 
Emittentin gelten als wirksam erfolgt, wenn sie 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
der 
Zahlstelle 
(zur 
Weiterleitung an die Emittentin) in Textform (zB in 
schriftlicher 
Form) 
in 
der 
deutschen 
oder 
englischen Sprache übersandt werden. Der 
Gläubiger 
muss 
einen 
die 
Emittentin 
zufriedenstellenden Nachweis über die von ihm 
gehaltenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erbringen. 
Dieser 
Nachweis 
kann: 
(i) in 
Form 
einer 
Bestätigung durch das Clearingsystem oder die 
Depotbank, 
bei 
der 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, dass der Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der 
Mitteilung 
Gläubiger 
der 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ist; oder (ii) auf jede 
andere geeignete Weise erfolgen. 
"Depotbank" bezeichnet jede Bank oder ein 
sonstiges 
anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und 
bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, 
einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
(3) Form of Notice to Be Given by any Holder. 
Notices regarding the Notes which are to be given 
by any Holder to the Issuer shall be validly given if 
delivered in in text format (Textform) (e.g. in 
writing) in the German or English language to the 
Issuer or the Paying Agent (for onward delivery to 
the Issuer). The Holder shall provide evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer of its holding of the 
Notes. Such evidence may be: (i) in the form of a 
certification from the Clearing System or the 
Custodian with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes that 
such Holder is, at the time such notice is given, 
the Holder of the relevant Notes; or (ii) in any 
other appropriate manner. 
"Custodian" means any bank or other financial 
institution of recognised standing authorised to 
engage in securities custody business with which 
the Holder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes and includes the Clearing 
System. 
[Falls Änderungen der Emissionsbedingungen 
durch eine Gläubigerversammlung und die 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters 
möglich sein sollen, einfügen: 
[In case modifications of the Terms and 
Conditions by a meeting of Holders and 
appointment of a Joint Representative shall be 
possible, insert: 
§ [11/12] 
GLÄUBIGERVERSAMMLUNG, 
ÄNDERUNG UND VERZICHT 
§ [11/12] 
MEETING OF HOLDERS, 
MODIFICATIONS AND WAIVER 
(1) Änderung der Emissionsbedingungen. Die 
Gläubiger können gemäß den nachstehenden 
Bestimmungen durch einen Beschluss mit der 
nachstehend 
bestimmten 
Mehrheit 
über 
bestimmte Gegenstände eine Änderung dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen 
mit 
der 
Emittentin 
vereinbaren. 
Die 
Mehrheitsbeschlüsse 
der 
Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. 
Ein 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
der 
Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche Bedingungen für alle 
Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn, 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. In 
accordance with subsequent provisions the 
Holders 
may 
agree 
with 
the 
Issuer 
on 
amendments of these Terms and Conditions with 
regard to certain matters by resolution with the 
majority specified below. Majority resolutions of 
the Holders shall be binding on all Holders alike. 
A majority resolution of the Holders which does 
not provide for identical conditions for all Holders 
is void, unless Holders who are disadvantaged 
have expressly consented to their being treated

--- Page 93 ---
93 
die benachteiligten Gläubiger stimmen ihrer 
Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
disadvantageously. 
(2) Die 
Gläubiger 
können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
insbesondere 
folgenden 
Maßnahmen zustimmen: 
(2) The Holders may consent, by majority 
resolution, to the following measures, among 
others: 
(a) 
der 
Veränderung 
der 
Fälligkeit, 
der 
Verringerung oder dem Ausschluss der 
Zinsen;  
(a) 
changes in the due date or reduction or 
exclusion of interest payments; 
(b) 
der 
Veränderung 
der 
Fälligkeit 
der 
Hauptforderung;  
(b) 
changes in the due date of the principal 
amount; 
(c) 
der Verringerung der Hauptforderung;  
(c) 
reduction of the principal amount; 
(d) 
der Nachrangigkeit der Forderungen aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Insolvenzverfahren der Emittentin;  
(d) 
subordination of the claims under the Notes 
during 
insolvency 
proceedings 
of 
the 
Issuer; 
(e) 
der Umwandlung oder dem Umtausch der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Gesellschaftsanteile, andere Wertpapiere 
oder andere Leistungsversprechen; 
(e) 
conversion or exchange of the Notes into 
shares, other securities or other promises 
of performance; 
(f) 
der 
Änderung 
der 
Währung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(f) 
changes in the currency of the Notes; 
(g) 
dem Verzicht auf das Kündigungsrecht der 
Gläubiger oder dessen Beschränkung; 
(g) 
waiver or limitation of the Holders’ right of 
termination; 
(h) 
der Schuldnerersetzung; und  
(h) 
substitution of the Issuer; and 
(i) 
der 
Änderung 
oder 
Aufhebung 
von 
Nebenbestimmungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
(i) 
amendments to or cancellation of ancillary 
conditions of the Notes. 
(3) Einberufung der Gläubigerversammlung. Die 
Gläubigerversammlung wird von der Emittentin 
oder von dem gemeinsamen Vertreter der 
Gläubiger einberufen. Sie ist einzuberufen, wenn 
Gläubiger, 
deren 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zusammen 
5% 
der 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen erreichen, dies schriftlich 
mit der Begründung verlangen, sie wollten einen 
gemeinsamen Vertreter bestellen oder abberufen, 
sie wollten über das Entfallen der Wirkung der 
Kündigung beschließen oder sie hätten ein 
sonstiges 
besonderes 
Interesse 
an 
der 
Einberufung. 
(3) Convening a Meeting of Holders. The Holders’ 
meeting shall be convened by the Issuer or by the 
Joint Representative of the Holders. It shall be 
convened if Holders who together hold 5 per cent. 
of 
the 
outstanding 
Notes 
request 
such 
convocation in writing for the purpose of 
appointing or removing a Joint Representative, 
passing a resolution in order to render a 
termination invalid or for any other particular 
interest in such convocation. 
(4) Inhalt der Einberufung, Bekanntmachung. In 
der Einberufung müssen die Firma, der Sitz der 
Emittentin 
und 
die 
Zeit 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung, die Tagesordnung sowie 
die Bedingungen angeben werden, von denen die 
Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung und die 
Ausübung 
des Stimmrechts abhängen. Die 
Einberufung 
ist 
gemäß 
§ [10/11] 
bekanntzumachen. 
(4) Contents of the Convening Notice, Publication. 
The convening notice shall state the name and 
the registered office of the Issuer and the time of 
the Holders’ meeting, the agenda and the 
conditions on which attendance at the Holders’ 
meeting and the exercise of voting rights shall 
depend. The convening notice shall be published 
pursuant to § [10/11]. 
(5) Frist, Nachweis. Die Gläubigerversammlung 
ist 
mindestens 
14 Kalendertage 
vor 
dem 
Kalendertag der Versammlung einzuberufen. Als 
Nachweis für die Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an 
der Gläubigerversammlung ist ein in Textform 
erstellter 
besonderer 
Nachweis 
des 
Clearingsystems 
oder 
der 
Depotbank 
des 
(5) Convening Period, Evidence. The Holders’ 
meeting shall be called at least 14 calendar days 
before the date of the meeting. As evidence for 
the entitlement to participate in the Holders' 
meeting a special confirmation issued by the 
Clearing System or the Custodian in text form

--- Page 94 ---
94 
Gläubigers beizubringen. 
shall be presented. 
(6) Tagesordnung. Zu jedem Gegenstand, über 
den die Gläubigerversammlung beschließen soll, 
hat der Einberufende in der Tagesordnung einen 
Vorschlag zur Beschlussfassung zu machen. Die 
Tagesordnung der Gläubigerversammlung ist mit 
der Einberufung bekannt zu machen. Über 
Gegenstände der Tagesordnung, die nicht in der 
vorgeschriebenen Weise bekannt gemacht sind, 
dürfen 
Beschlüsse 
nicht 
gefasst 
werden. 
Gläubiger, 
deren 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zusammen 
5% 
der 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erreichen, 
können 
verlangen, 
dass 
neue 
Gegenstände 
zur 
Beschlussfassung bekannt gemacht werden. 
Diese neuen Gegenstände müssen spätestens 
am 
dritten 
Kalendertag 
vor 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung bekannt gemacht sein. 
Gegenanträge, 
die 
ein 
Gläubiger 
vor 
der 
Versammlung 
angekündigt 
hat, 
muss 
die 
Emittentin unverzüglich bis zum Kalendertag der 
Gläubigerversammlung im Internet auf ihrer 
Internetseite 
("www .oberbank.at") 
den 
Gläubigern zugänglich machen. 
(6) Agenda. The convening party shall include in 
the agenda a proposed resolution for each 
subject on which the Holders’ meeting is to pass a 
resolution. The agenda of the Holders’ meeting 
shall be published together with the convening 
notice. No resolutions may be passed on agenda 
items that have not been published in the required 
manner. Holders who together hold 5 per cent. of 
the outstanding Notes may request that new 
items be published for resolution. Such new items 
must be published no later than the third calendar 
day preceding the Holders’ meeting. Without 
undue delay and until the date of the Holders’ 
meeting, the Issuer shall make available to the 
Holders on its website ("www .oberbank.at"), any 
counter-motions announced by a Holder before 
the meeting. 
(7) Beschlussfähigkeit. Durch den Vorsitzenden 
ist ein Verzeichnis der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Gläubiger 
aufzustellen. 
Im 
Verzeichnis sind die Gläubiger unter Angabe 
ihres Namens, Sitzes oder Wohnorts sowie der 
Zahl der von jedem vertretenen Stimmrechte 
aufzuführen. 
Das 
Verzeichnis 
ist 
vom 
Vorsitzenden 
der 
Versammlung 
zu 
unterschreiben und allen Gläubigern unverzüglich 
zugänglich 
zu 
machen. 
Die 
Gläubigerversammlung ist beschlussfähig, wenn 
die Anwesenden wertmäßig mindestens die 
Hälfte der ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen 
vertreten. Wird in der Gläubigerversammlung die 
mangelnde Beschlussfähigkeit festgestellt, kann 
der Vorsitzende eine zweite Versammlung zum 
Zweck 
der 
erneuten 
Beschlussfassung 
einberufen. 
Die 
zweite 
Versammlung 
ist 
beschlussfähig; 
für 
Beschlüsse, 
zu 
deren 
Wirksamkeit 
eine 
qualifizierte 
Mehrheit 
erforderlich 
ist, 
müssen 
die 
Anwesenden 
mindestens 
25% 
der 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vertreten. 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
deren 
Stimmrechte 
ruhen, zählen nicht zu den ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
(7) Quorum. The Chairperson shall prepare a 
register of Holders participating in the vote. Such 
register shall include the Holders’ names, their 
registered offices or places of residence and the 
number of voting rights represented by each 
Holder. Such register shall be signed by the 
Chairperson of the meeting and be made 
available without undue delay to all Holders. The 
Holders’ meeting shall have a quorum if the 
persons present represent at least fifty per cent of 
the outstanding Notes by value. If the Holders’ 
meeting 
does 
not 
have 
a 
quorum, 
the 
Chairperson may convene a second meeting for 
the purposes of passing the resolution(s) anew. 
Such second meeting requires no quorum. For 
resolutions which require a qualified majority the 
persons present must represent at least 25 per 
cent. of the outstanding Notes. Notes for which 
voting rights have been suspended shall not be 
included in the outstanding Notes. 
(8) Mehrheitserfordernisse. 
Die 
Gläubiger 
entscheiden 
mit 
einer 
Mehrheit 
von 
75% 
(Qualifizierte Mehrheit) der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte über wesentliche 
Änderungen 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen, 
insbesondere über die oben in § [12] (2) (a) bis (i) 
aufgeführten Maßnahmen. Beschlüsse, durch die 
der 
wesentliche 
Inhalt 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen 
nicht 
geändert 
wird, 
bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit einer einfachen 
(8) Majority Requirements. Resolutions relating to 
material amendments of these Terms and 
Conditions, in particular consents to the measures 
set out in § [12] (2) (a) to (i) above shall be 
passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. 
(Qualified Majority) of the votes cast. Resolutions 
relating to amendments of these Terms and 
Conditions which are not material require a simple 
majority of the votes cast.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
(9) Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung. 
Alle 
Abstimmungen werden ausschließlich im Wege 
der 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
durchgeführt. 
Die 
Abstimmung 
wird 
vom 
Abstimmungsleiter geleitet. Abstimmungsleiter ist 
ein von der Emittentin beauftragter Notar oder der 
gemeinsame Vertreter der Gläubiger, wenn er zu 
der 
Abstimmung 
aufgefordert 
hat. 
In 
der 
Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe ist der Zeitraum 
anzugeben, 
innerhalb 
dessen 
die 
Stimmen 
abgegeben 
werden 
können. 
Er 
beträgt 
mindestens 
72 Stunden. 
Während 
des 
Abstimmungszeitraums können die Gläubiger ihre 
Stimme gegenüber dem Abstimmungsleiter in 
Textform abgeben. In der Aufforderung muss im 
Einzelnen 
angegeben 
werden, 
welche 
Voraussetzungen erfüllt sein müssen, damit die 
Stimmen gezählt werden. Der Abstimmungsleiter 
stellt die Berechtigung zur Stimmabgabe anhand 
der eingereichten Nachweise fest und erstellt ein 
Verzeichnis der stimmberechtigten Gläubiger. 
Wird die Beschlussfähigkeit nicht festgestellt, 
kann 
der 
Abstimmungsleiter 
eine 
Gläubigerversammlung 
einberufen; 
die 
Versammlung gilt als zweite Versammlung im 
Sinne 
des 
§ [12] (7). 
Über 
jeden 
in 
der 
Abstimmung gefassten Beschluss ist durch einen 
Notar eine Niederschrift  aufzunehmen. Jeder 
Gläubiger, der an der Abstimmung teilgenommen 
hat, kann binnen eines Jahres nach Ablauf des 
Abstimmungszeitraums von der Emittentin eine 
Abschrift 
der 
Niederschrift 
nebst 
Anlagen 
verlangen. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger, 
der 
an 
der 
Abstimmung teilgenommen hat, kann gegen das 
Ergebnis schriftlich Widerspruch erheben binnen 
zwei 
Wochen 
nach 
Bekanntmachung 
der 
Beschlüsse. Über den Widerspruch entscheidet 
der Abstimmungsleiter. Gibt er dem Widerspruch 
statt, hat er das Ergebnis unverzüglich bekannt 
zu machen; § [12] (13) gilt entsprechend. Gibt der 
Abstimmungsleiter dem Widerspruch nicht statt, 
hat er dies dem widersprechenden Gläubiger 
unverzüglich schriftlich mitzuteilen. 
(9) Vote without a Meeting. All votes will be taken 
exclusively by vote taken without a meeting. The 
vote shall be conducted by the scrutineer. The 
scrutineer shall be a notary appointed by the 
Issuer, or the Joint Representative of the Holders 
if it has requested such vote. The request for 
voting shall set out the period within which votes 
may be cast. Such period shall be at least 
72 hours. During the voting period, the Holders 
may cast their votes to the scrutineer in text form. 
The request shall set out in detail the conditions 
to be met in order for the votes to be valid. The 
scrutineer shall ascertain the entitlement to cast a 
vote by means of the evidence provided and shall 
prepare a list of Holders entitled to vote. If it is 
ascertained that no quorum exists, the scrutineer 
may convene a Holders’ meeting, which shall be 
deemed to be a second Holders’ meeting within 
the meaning of § [12] (7). Any resolution passed 
by the vote shall be recorded in the minutes by a 
notary. Each Holder participating in the vote may 
request within one year of the end of the voting 
period a copy of the minutes and its annexes from 
the Issuer. Each Holder participating in the vote 
may object to the result in writing within two 
weeks of publication of the resolutions. The 
scrutineer shall decide on any such objection. If it 
takes remedial action as a result of the objection, 
it shall publish the result without undue delay. 
§ [12] (13) shall apply mutatis mutandis. If the 
scrutineer does not take remedial action as a 
result of the objection, it shall notify the objecting 
Holder without undue delay in writing. 
(10) Stimmrecht. 
An 
Abstimmungen 
der 
Gläubiger nimmt jeder solche Gläubiger nach 
Maßgabe des Nennbetrags an den ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen teil. Das Stimmrecht ruht, 
solange die Anteile der Emittentin oder einer ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften 
zustehen 
oder 
für 
Rechnung 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einer 
Tochtergesellschaft 
gehalten 
werden. 
Die 
Emittentin darf Schuldverschreibungen, deren 
Stimmrechte ruhen, einem anderen nicht zu dem 
Zweck überlassen, die Stimmrechte an ihrer 
Stelle 
auszuüben; 
dies 
gilt 
auch 
für 
Tochtergesellschaften und niemand darf das 
Stimmrecht zu diesem Zweck ausüben. Niemand 
darf dafür, dass eine stimmberechtigte Person bei 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung 
oder 
einer 
(10) Voting Right. Each Holder shall participate in 
votes in accordance with the principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes held by such Holder. 
Voting rights are suspended with respect to the 
shares attributable to the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries or held for the account of the Issuer 
or any of its Subsidiaries. The Issuer may not 
make available Notes for which the voting rights 
have been suspended to any third party for the 
purposes of exercising the voting rights in lieu of 
the Issuer. This shall also apply to any 
Subsidiaries of the Issuer. Exercise of voting 
rights for the purposes specified above is 
prohibited. It is prohibited to offer, promise or 
grant any advantage as consideration to any 
person entitled to vote not to vote, or to vote in a

--- Page 96 ---
96 
Abstimmung nicht oder in einem bestimmten 
Sinne 
stimme, 
Vorteile 
als 
Gegenleistung 
anbieten, versprechen oder gewähren. Wer 
stimmberechtigt ist, darf dafür, dass er bei einer 
Gläubigerversammlung oder einer Abstimmung 
nicht oder in einem bestimmten Sinne stimme, 
keinen Vorteil und keine Gegenleistung fordern, 
sich versprechen lassen oder annehmen. 
particular way, in a Holders’ meeting or a vote. No 
person entitled to vote may require, accept any 
promise 
of 
or 
accept 
any 
advantage 
or 
consideration for not voting, or voting in a 
particular way, in a Holders’ meeting or a vote. 
(11) Leitung der Abstimmung. Die Abstimmung 
wird von einem von der Emittentin beauftragten 
Notar oder, falls der gemeinsame Vertreter zur 
Abstimmung aufgefordert hat, vom gemeinsamen 
Vertreter geleitet (der "Vorsitzende"). 
(11) Chair of the Vote. The vote will be chaired by 
a notary appointed by the Issuer or, if the Joint 
Representative has convened the vote, by the 
Joint Representative (the "Chairperson"). 
(12) Abstimmung, Niederschrift. Auf die Abgabe 
und die Auszählung der Stimmen sind die 
Vorschriften des österreichischen Aktiengesetzes 
über die Abstimmung der Aktionäre in der 
Hauptversammlung entsprechend anzuwenden. 
Jeder 
Beschluss 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
bedarf zu seiner Gültigkeit der Beurkundung 
durch eine über die Verhandlung aufgenommene 
Niederschrift. Die Niederschrift ist durch einen 
Notar aufzunehmen. 
(12) Voting, Minutes. The provisions of the 
Austrian Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) 
regarding the voting of shareholders in the 
general meeting shall apply mutatis mutandis to 
the casting and counting of votes. In order to be 
valid, any resolution passed by the Holders’ 
meeting shall be recorded in minutes of the 
meeting. The minutes shall be recorded by a 
notary. 
(13) Bekanntmachung 
von 
Beschlüssen. 
Die 
Emittentin hat die Beschlüsse der Gläubiger auf 
ihre Kosten in geeigneter Form öffentlich bekannt 
zu machen. Die Beschlüsse sind unverzüglich 
gemäß § [10/11] zu veröffentlichen. Außerdem 
hat die Emittentin die Beschlüsse der Gläubiger 
sowie, 
wenn 
ein 
Gläubigerbeschluss 
diese 
Emissionsbedingungen ändert, den Wortlaut der 
ursprünglichen 
Emissionsbedingungen 
vom 
Kalendertag nach der Gläubigerversammlung an 
für die Dauer von mindestens einem Monat auf 
ihrer 
Internetseite 
("www .oberbank.at") 
zugänglich zu machen. 
(13) Publication of Resolutions. The Issuer shall 
publish the resolutions passed by the Holders in 
appropriate form and at its own expense. The 
resolutions shall be published without undue 
delay pursuant § [10/11]. In addition, for a period 
of at least one month commencing on the 
calendar day following the Holders’ meeting, the 
Issuer shall make available to the public on its 
website ("www .oberbank.at") the resolutions 
passed by the Holders and, if these Terms and 
Conditions are amended by a Holders’ resolution, 
the wording of the original Terms and Conditions. 
(14) Vollziehung von Beschlüssen. Beschlüsse 
der Gläubigerversammlung, durch welche der 
Inhalt dieser Emissionsbedingungen abgeändert 
oder ergänzt wird, sind in der Weise zu 
vollziehen, 
dass 
die 
maßgebliche 
Sammelurkunde ergänzt oder geändert wird. Im 
Fall der Verwahrung der Sammelurkunde durch 
eine Wertpapiersammelbank hat der Vorsitzende 
oder 
Abstimmungsleiter 
dazu 
den 
in 
der 
Niederschrift dokumentierten Beschlussinhalt an 
die Wertpapiersammelbank zu übermitteln mit 
dem Ersuchen, die eingereichten Dokumente den 
vorhandenen Dokumenten in geeigneter Form 
beizufügen. 
Er 
hat 
gegenüber 
der 
Wertpapiersammelbank zu versichern, dass der 
Beschluss vollzogen werden darf. 
(14) Implementation of Resolutions. Resolutions 
passed by the Holders’ meeting which amend or 
supplement the contents of these Terms and 
Conditions shall be implemented in such a way 
that the relevant Global Note is supplemented or 
amended. If the Global Note has been deposited 
with 
a 
central 
securities 
depository, 
the 
Chairperson of the meeting or the scrutineer shall 
forward for this purpose the contents of the 
resolution recorded in the minutes to the central 
securities depository, requesting it to add the 
documents submitted to the existing documents in 
appropriate form. It shall affirm to the central 
securities depository that the resolution may be 
implemented. 
(15) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
(15) Joint Representative. 
[Falls kein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den 
Emissionsbedingungen 
bestellt 
wird, 
einfügen: 
Die 
Gläubiger 
können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
zur 
Wahrnehmung 
ihrer 
Rechte 
einen 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreter 
(der 
[In case no Joint Representative is designated 
in the Terms and Conditions insert: The 
Holders may by majority resolution appoint a joint 
representative (the "Joint Representative") to 
exercise the Holders' rights on behalf of each

--- Page 97 ---
97 
"gemeinsame Vertreter") für alle Gläubiger 
bestellen.] 
Holder.] 
[Falls ein gemeinsamer Vertreter in den 
Emissionsbedingungen 
bestellt 
wird, 
einfügen: 
Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter 
(der 
"gemeinsame Vertreter") für alle Gläubiger zur 
Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte ist [Namen und 
Adresse 
des 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
einfügen]. 
Die 
Haftung 
des 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen 
Vergütung 
beschränkt, 
es 
sei 
denn, 
dem 
gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe 
Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
[In case the Joint Representative is appointed 
in the Terms and Conditions insert: The joint 
representative (the "Joint Representative") to 
exercise the Holders' rights on behalf of each 
Holder shall be [insert name and address of the 
Joint Representative]. The liability of the Joint 
Representative shall be limited to ten times the 
amount of its annual remuneration, unless the 
Joint Representative has acted wilfully or with 
gross negligence.] 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und 
Befugnisse, die ihm von den Gläubigern durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. Er hat 
die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit 
er 
zur 
Geltendmachung 
von 
Rechten 
der 
Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen 
Gläubiger zur selbständigen Geltendmachung 
dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn, der 
Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. 
Über seine Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame 
Vertreter den Gläubigern zu berichten. Der 
gemeinsame Vertreter haftet den Gläubigern als 
Gesamtgläubigern 
für 
die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung seiner Aufgaben; bei seiner Tätigkeit hat 
er 
die 
Sorgfalt 
eines 
ordentlichen 
und 
gewissenhaften 
Vertreters 
anzuwenden. 
Die 
Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters kann durch 
Beschluss der Gläubiger beschränkt werden. 
Über die Geltendmachung von Ersatzansprüchen 
der Gläubiger gegen den gemeinsamen Vertreter 
entscheiden die Gläubiger. Der gemeinsame 
Vertreter kann von den Gläubigern jederzeit ohne 
Angabe von Gründen abberufen werden. Der 
gemeinsame Vertreter kann von der Emittentin 
verlangen, alle Auskünfte zu erteilen, die zur 
Erfüllung 
der 
ihm 
übertragenen 
Aufgaben 
erforderlich sind. 
The Joint Representative shall have the duties 
and powers granted by majority resolution of the 
Holders. The Joint Representative shall comply 
with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent 
that the Joint Representative has been authorised 
to assert certain rights of the Holders, the Holders 
shall not be entitled to assert such rights 
themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the 
relevant 
majority 
resolution. 
The 
Joint 
Representative shall provide reports to the 
Holders on its activities. The Joint Representative 
shall be liable to the Holders as joint and several 
creditors for the due performance of its duties. In 
the performance of its duties, it shall act with the 
care of a prudent representative. The Joint 
Representative’s liability may be limited by 
resolution of the Holders. An assertion of 
compensation 
claims 
against 
the 
Joint 
Representative shall be decided by the Holders. 
The Joint Representative may be removed by the 
Holders at any time without reason. The Joint 
Representative may require the Issuer to provide 
any information that is necessary for the 
performance of its duties. 
(16) Ausschluss 
der 
Anwendbarkeit 
des 
Kuratorengesetzes. 
Die 
Anwendbarkeit 
der 
Bestimmungen des Kuratorengesetzes und des 
Kuratorenergänzungsgesetzes wird ausdrücklich 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ausgeschlossen.] 
(16) Exclusion of the Applicability of the Austrian 
Notes Trustee Act. The applicability of the 
provisions of the Austrian Notes Trustee Act 
(Kuratorengesetz) and the Austrian Notes Trustee 
Supplementation 
Act 
(Kuratorenergänzungsgesetz) 
is 
explicitly 
excluded in relation to the Notes.] 
§ [11/12/13] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT 
GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE 
GELTENDMACHUNG 
§ [11/12/13] 
APPLICABLE LAW,  
PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) Anwendbares 
Recht. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
alle 
außervertraglichen Schuldverhältnisse, die sich 
aus 
oder 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ergeben, 
unterliegen 
österreichischem Recht unter Ausschluss seiner 
Kollisionsnormen, soweit diese zur Anwendung 
fremden Rechts führen würden, und werden in 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, Austrian 
law except for its conflict of law rules as far as 
such rules would lead to the application of foreign 
law.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
Übereinstimmung mit österreichischem Recht 
ausgelegt. 
(2) Gerichtsstand. 
Das 
sachlich 
zuständige 
Gericht in Linz, Österreich ist ausschließlich 
zuständig für Streitigkeiten, die aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
(einschließlich 
allfälliger 
Streitigkeiten 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
außervertraglichen 
Schuldverhältnissen, die sich aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
ergeben) entstehen, soweit dies nach den 
anwendbaren 
zwingenden 
Konsumentenschutzgesetzen zulässig ist. 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction. The competent court in 
Linz, Austria shall have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any disputes that may arise out of or in 
connection with any Notes (including any legal 
action or proceedings relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with Notes), to the extent permissible 
according to applicable mandatory consumer 
protection legislation. 
(3) Gerichtliche 
Geltendmachung. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
berechtigt, in jeder Rechtsstreitigkeit gegen die 
Emittentin oder in jeder Rechtsstreitigkeit, in der 
der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, 
seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen 
im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage 
zu schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt 
eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank bei, bei der er 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, 
welche: 
(a) den 
vollständigen 
Namen 
und 
die 
vollständige 
Adresse 
des 
Gläubigers 
enthält; 
(b) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung 
auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und 
(c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem 
Clearingsystem 
eine 
schriftliche 
Erklärung 
abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) 
und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und 
(ii) er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Sammelurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit 
dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person 
des Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine 
Vorlage 
der 
Originalbelege 
oder 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Sammelurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren 
erforderlich 
wäre. 
Unbeschadet 
des 
Vorstehenden kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede 
andere Weise schützen oder geltend machen, die 
im 
Land 
der 
Rechtsstreitigkeit 
prozessual 
zulässig ist. 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any 
proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such 
Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and 
enforce in its own name its rights arising under 
such Notes on the basis of: (i) a statement issued 
by the Custodian with whom such Holder 
maintains a securities account in respect of the 
Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the 
Holder; (b) specifying the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes credited to such securities 
account on the date of such statement; and 
(c) confirming that the Custodian has given 
written notice to the Clearing System containing 
the information pursuant to (a) and (b); and (ii) a 
copy of the Global Note certified as being a true 
copy by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing 
System or a depositary of the Clearing System, 
without 
the 
need 
for 
production 
in 
such 
proceedings of the actual records or the Global 
Note representing the Notes. Each Holder may, 
without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce its rights under the Notes also in any 
other way which is admitted in the country of the 
proceedings.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
§ [12/13/14] 
SPRACHE 
§ [12/13/14] 
LANGUAGE 
[Falls 
die 
Emissionsbedingungen 
ausschließlich 
in 
deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
einfügen: 
Diese 
Emissionsbedingungen sind ausschließlich in der 
deutschen Sprache abgefasst.] 
 
 
[In case the Terms and Conditions are written 
in the English language only, insert: These 
Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language only.] 
[Falls der deutschsprachige Text bindend sein 
soll und eine unverbindliche Übersetzung in 
die 
englische 
Sprache 
beigefügt 
wird, 
einfügen: Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in 
der 
deutschen 
Sprache 
abgefasst. 
Eine 
Übersetzung 
in 
die 
englische 
Sprache 
ist 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
 
 
[In case the German language text shall be 
binding and a non-binding English translation 
is provided, insert: This translation of the Terms 
and Conditions is written in the English language. 
The Terms and Conditions are provided in 
German language. The German text shall be 
binding and prevailing. The English language 
translation shall be non-binding.] 
[Falls der englischsprachige Text bindend 
sein 
soll 
und 
eine 
unverbindliche 
Übersetzung 
in 
die 
deutsche 
Sprache 
beigefügt wird, einfügen: Diese Übersetzung 
der Emissionsbedingungen ist in der deutschen 
Sprache abgefasst. Die Emissionsbedingungen 
in englischer Sprache sind beigefügt. Der 
englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung 
in 
die 
deutsche 
Sprache 
ist 
unverbindlich.] 
 
 
[In case the English language text shall be 
binding 
and 
a 
non-binding 
German 
translation is provided, insert: These Terms 
and Conditions are written in the English 
language and provided with a German language 
translation. The English text shall be binding and 
prevailing. The German language translation 
shall be non-binding.]

--- Page 100 ---
100 
OPTION II 
OPTION II 
– 
COVERED 
BANK 
BONDS 
(FUNDIERTE 
BANKSCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN) 
OPTION II – EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN FÜR 
FUNDIERTE 
BANKSCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN: 
OPTION II – TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR 
COVERED BANK BONDS (FUNDIERTE 
BANKSCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN): 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Währung, Stückelung. Diese Tranche (die 
"Tranche") 
von 
fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") dieser Emission von 
[Emissionsbezeichnung einfügen] (die "Serie") 
wird von der Oberbank AG (die "Emittentin") [am 
[Begebungstag einfügen] (Einmalemission)] [ab 
dem [Erst-Begebungstag einfügen] mit offener 
Begebungsfrist (Daueremission)] in [festgelegte 
Währung 
einfügen] 
(die 
"festgelegte 
Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag von [im Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
dauernd 
angeboten und begeben werden, einfügen: bis 
zu] 
[festgelegte 
Währung 
und 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
einfügen] 
(in 
Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten einfügen]) in 
der Stückelung von [festgelegte Währung und 
festgelegte 
Stückelung 
einfügen] 
(die 
"festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
(1) Currency, Denomination. This tranche (the 
"Tranche") of covered bank bonds (fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen) (the "Notes") of 
[insert identification] (the "Series") is being 
issued by Oberbank AG (the "Issuer") [on [insert 
issue date] (single issue)] [from [insert initial 
issue date] with an open issue period (tap issue)] 
in [insert specified currency] (the "Specified 
Currency") in the aggregate principal amount of 
[in case of Notes offered and issued as tap 
issues insert: up to] [insert specified currency 
and aggregate principal amount] (in words: 
[insert aggregate principal amount in words]) 
in 
the 
denomination 
of 
[insert 
specified 
currency and specified denomination] (the 
"Specified Denomination"). 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf 
den Inhaber. 
(2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer 
form. 
(3) Dauersammelurkunde. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauersammelurkunde 
(die 
"Dauersammelurkunde" 
oder 
die 
"Sammelurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft; 
der Zinszahlungsanspruch im Zusammenhang 
mit den Schuldverschreibungen ist durch die 
Dauersammelurkunde 
mitverbrieft. 
Die 
Dauersammelurkunde wird von ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigten 
Vertretern 
der 
Emittentin 
unterschrieben. Die Dauersammelurkunde wird 
im classical global note-Format ausgegeben. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben. 
(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are 
represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note" or the "Global Note") 
without coupons; the claim for interest payments 
under the Notes is represented by the Permanent 
Global Note. The Permanent Global Note shall be 
signed by authorised representatives of the 
Issuer. The Permanent Global Note shall be 
issued in classical global note format. Definitive 
Notes and coupons will not be issued. 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Sammelurkunde wird von 
einem oder im Namen eines Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, bis sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt 
sind. "Clearingsystem" bezeichnet [bei mehr als 
einem 
Clearingsystem 
einfügen: 
jeweils] 
[OeKB 
CSD 
GmbH, 
Strauchgasse 1-3, 
1010 Wien, Österreich] [,] [und] [Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A., 
Luxemburg, 
42 Avenue 
J.F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, Großherzogtum 
Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
(4) Clearing System. The Global Note will be kept 
in custody by or on behalf of a Clearing System 
until all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes 
have been satisfied. "Clearing System" means 
[if more than one Clearing System insert: each 
of] 
[OeKB 
CSD 
GmbH, 
Strauchgasse 1-3, 
1010 Vienna, Austria] [,] [and] [Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A., 
Luxembourg, 
42 Avenue 
J.F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels,

--- Page 101 ---
101 
1 Boulevard 
du 
Roi 
Albert II, 
1210 Brüssel, 
Belgien ("Euroclear" und zusammen mit CBL, die 
"ICSDs")] [,] [und] [anderes Clearingsystem 
angeben] und jeden Funktionsnachfolger. Die 
Sammelurkunde wird auf die Dauer der Laufzeit 
der Schuldverschreibungen beim Clearingsystem 
als Wertpapiersammelbank hinterlegt 
Belgium ("Euroclear" and, together with CBL, the 
"ICSDs")] [,] [and] [specify other Clearing 
System] and any successor in such capacity. The 
Global Note is kept in custody by the Clearing 
System as central depository for securities 
(Wertpapiersammelbank) for the period of the 
Notes. 
(5) Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Gläubiger" 
bezeichnet 
jeden 
Inhaber 
von 
Miteigentumsanteilen 
oder 
anderen 
vergleichbaren Rechten an der Sammelurkunde, 
die in Übereinstimmung mit den Bestimmungen 
des Clearingsystems auf einen neuen Gläubiger 
übertragen werden können. 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder 
of 
a 
proportionate 
co-ownership 
or 
other 
comparable right in the Global Note which may be 
transferred to a new Holder in accordance with 
the provisions of the Clearing System.  
(6) Geschäftstag. 
"Geschäftstag" 
bezeichnet 
einen Kalendertag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), 
an 
dem 
Geschäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte in Linz, Österreich, Zahlungen 
abwickeln 
und 
für 
den 
allgemeinen 
Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich des Handels in 
Devisen und Fremdwährungseinlagen) geöffnet 
sind und das Trans-European Automated Real-
time 
Gross 
Settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
System 2 
oder 
dessen 
Nachfolgesystem 
("TARGET") geöffnet ist. 
(6) Business Day. "Business Day" means a 
calendar day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in Linz, Austria, 
and the Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 or 
its successor ("TARGET") is open. 
§ 2 
STATUS 
§ 2 
STATUS 
(1) Status. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begründen 
direkte 
und 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin und haben den 
gleichen Rang untereinander und stehen im 
gleichen 
Rang 
mit 
allen 
anderen 
nicht 
nachrangigen gegenwärtigen und zukünftigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen 
desselben 
Deckungsstocks (wie nachstehend definiert). 
(1) Status. The Notes constitute direct and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank 
pari passu among themselves and pari passu with 
all other unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
present and future, under covered bank bonds 
(fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen) of the 
same Cover Pool (as defined below). 
[Im 
Fall 
eines 
Deckungsstocks 
für 
hypothekarisch 
fundierte 
Bankschuld-
verschreibungen einfügen: 
[In the case of a Cover Pool for Mortgage 
Collateralised Notes the following applies: 
(2) (a) Deckung. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden gemäß dem Gesetz betreffend fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen (FBSchVG) durch 
die Deckungswerte des Deckungsstocks für 
hypothekarisch 
fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen [sofern anwendbar 
weitere 
Bezeichnung 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Deckungsstock") 
besichert, 
welche 
zur 
vorzugsweisen Deckung aller durch diesen 
Deckungsstock 
besicherten 
fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen 
der 
Emittentin 
bestimmt sind (hauptsächlich Werte gemäß § 1 
Abs 5 Z 1 und 2 FBSchVG).] 
(2) (a) Collateralisation. 
The 
Notes 
are 
collateralised in accordance with the Austrian Act 
on Covered Bank Bonds (Gesetz betreffend 
fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen 
– 
"FBSchVG") through cover assets of the Cover 
Pool for Mortgage Collateralised Notes [if 
applicable insert further designation] (the 
"Cover 
Pool"), 
which 
are 
intended 
to 
preferentially satisfy all collateralised Notes of the 
Issuer covered by this Cover Pool (basically 
values pursuant § 1 (5) (1) and (2) FBSchVG).] 
[Im Fall eines Deckungsstocks für öffentlich 
fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: 
[In the case of a Cover Pool for Public 
Collateralised Notes the following applies: 
(2) (a) Deckung. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden gemäß dem Gesetz betreffend fundierte 
(2) (a) Collateralisation. 
The 
Notes 
are 
collateralised in accordance with the Austrian Act

--- Page 102 ---
102 
Bankschuldverschreibungen (FBSchVG) durch 
die Deckungswerte des Deckungsstocks für 
öffentlich fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen 
[sofern 
anwendbar 
weitere 
Bezeichnung 
einfügen] (der "Deckungsstock") besichert, 
welche zur vorzugsweisen Deckung aller durch 
diesen Deckungsstock besicherten fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen 
der 
Emittentin 
bestimmt sind(hauptsächlich Werte gemäß § 1 
Abs 5 Z 3 und 4 FBSchVG).] 
relating to the FBSchVG through cover assets of 
the Cover Pool for Public Collateralised Notes [if 
applicable insert further designation] (the 
"Cover 
Pool"), 
which 
are 
intended 
to 
preferentially satisfy all collateralised Notes of the 
Issuer covered by this Cover Pool (basically 
values pursuant § 1 (5) (3) and (4) FBSchVG).] 
(b) Deckungsregister. Die Deckungswerte für 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
im 
Deckungsregister eingetragen, welches von der 
Emittentin gemäß dem FBSchVG geführt wird. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nach Maßgabe 
des FBSchVG besichert. 
(b) Cover Register. The cover assets for the 
Notes are registered in the cover register 
(Deckungsregister), which is kept by the Issuer in 
accordance with the FBSchVG. The Notes are 
collateralised in accordance with the FBSchVG. 
[Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit 
einem 
festen 
Zinssatz, 
Stufenzinsschuldverschreibungen, 
Schuldverschreibungen mit einem variablen 
Zinssatz, Schuldverschreibungen mit einem 
inflationsabhängigen Zinssatz, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a fixed interest rate, 
Step-up or Step-down Notes, Notes with 
floating interest rate, Notes with inflation 
linked interest rate, insert: 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
[Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit 
einem festen Zinssatz einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a fixed interest rate 
insert: 
(1) Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
ihres 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 (1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich) 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen, deren Laufzeit 
sich bei Nichtzahlung des ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags durch die Emittentin am 
Fälligkeitstag verlängert, einfügen: oder, falls 
sich die Laufzeit der Schuldverschreibungen in 
Übereinstimmung mit den in § 5 (1a) enthaltenen 
Bestimmungen verlängert, bis zum Erweiterten 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 (1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich)] mit [Zinssatz einfügen]% per 
annum].] 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. 
The Notes shall bear interest on their outstanding 
aggregate principal amount at the rate of [insert 
the rate of interest] per cent. per annum from, 
and including, [insert Interest Commencement 
Date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to, 
but excluding, the Maturity Date (as defined in 
§ 5 (1)) [in case of Covered Bank Bonds 
(Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen), 
whose term shall be extended in case the 
Issuer 
does 
not 
pay 
the 
outstanding 
aggregate principal amount on the Maturity 
Date, insert: or, in case the term of the Notes is 
extended in accordance with the provisions set 
out in § 5 (1a), to, but excluding, the Extended 
Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1))].] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Stufenzinsschuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
[In case of Step-up or Step-down Notes insert: 
(1) Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
ihres 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 (1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich) 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen, deren Laufzeit 
sich bei Nichtzahlung des ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags durch die Emittentin am 
Fälligkeitstag verlängert, einfügen: oder, falls 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. 
The Notes shall bear interest on their outstanding 
aggregate principal amount from, and including, 
[insert Interest Commencement Date] (the 
"Interest 
Commencement 
Date") 
to, 
but 
excluding, the Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)) 
[in case of Covered Bank Bonds (Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen), 
whose 
term 
shall be extended in case the Issuer does not 
pay the outstanding 
aggregate principal 
amount on the Maturity Date, insert: or, in case 
the term of the Notes is extended in accordance

--- Page 103 ---
103 
sich die Laufzeit der Schuldverschreibungen in 
Übereinstimmung mit den in § 5 (1a) enthaltenen 
Bestimmungen verlängert, bis zum Erweiterten 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 (1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich)] wie folgt: 
with the provisions set out in § 5 (1a), to, but 
excluding, the Extended Maturity Date (as defined 
in § 5 (1)] as follows: 
vom 
(einschließli
ch) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
mit 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
(einschließ-
lich 
des 
Fälligkeits-
tags 
und 
des 
Erweiterten 
Fälligkeits-
tags 
(falls 
anwendbar)
) einfügen] 
[Zinssatz 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
from, and 
including, 
to, but 
excluding, 
at the rate of 
[insert date] 
[insert date 
(including 
the Maturity 
Date 
and 
the 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date 
(if 
applicable))
] 
[insert Rate 
of 
Interest] per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
 
] 
] 
[Im Fall einer kurzen oder langen ersten oder 
letzten Zinsperiode einfügen: Mit Ausnahme 
der 
[ersten] 
[Nur 
im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, deren Laufzeit nicht 
verlängert werden kann, einfügen: letzten] 
Zinszahlung sind die Zinsen] [Im Fall von 
ausschließlich 
regulären 
Zinszahlungen 
einfügen: Die Zinsen sind] [im Fall von 
vierteljährlichen 
Zinszahlungen 
einfügen: 
vierteljährlich] [im Fall von halbjährlichen 
Zinszahlungen einfügen: halbjährlich] [im Fall 
von 
jährlichen 
Zinszahlungen 
einfügen: 
jährlich] nachträglich am [Zinszahlungstage 
einfügen] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar (jeweils ein 
"Zinszahlungstag"), beginnend mit dem [ersten 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen] und endend mit dem 
[letzten Zinszahlungstag einfügen] [im Fall 
von Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen, 
deren Laufzeit sich bei Nichtzahlung des 
ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrags durch die 
Emittentin 
am 
Fälligkeitstag 
verlängert, 
einfügen: oder, falls sich die Laufzeit der 
Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit 
den 
in 
§ 5 (1a) 
enthaltenen 
Bestimmungen 
verlängert, 
endend 
mit 
dem 
Erweiterten 
Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 (1) definiert)]. Die 
Zinszahlungstage unterliegen einer Anpassung in 
Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 (3) enthaltenen 
Bestimmungen.] 
[In case of a short or long first or last interest 
period insert: With the exception of the [first] 
[Insert only in case of Notes, whose term may 
not be extended: last] payment of interest, 
interest] [In case of Notes which have only 
regular interest payments insert: Interest] shall 
be payable [in case of quarterly interest 
payments insert: quarterly] [in case of semi-
annual interest payments insert: semi-annually] 
[in case of annual interest payments insert: 
annually] in arrear on [insert Interest Payment 
Dates] in each year (each such date, an "Interest 
Payment Date"), commencing on [insert first 
Interest Payment Date] and ending on [insert 
last Interest Payment Date] [in case of 
Covered 
Bank 
Bonds 
(Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen), 
whose 
term 
shall be extended in case the Issuer does not 
pay the outstanding 
aggregate principal 
amount on the Maturity Date, insert: or, in case 
the term of the Notes is extended in accordance 
with the provisions set out in § 5 (1a) on the 
Extended Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1))]. 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the provisions set out in 
§ 4 (3).] 
[Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit 
einem variablen Zinssatz einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a floating interest rate 
insert: 
(1) Zinssatz. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
ihres 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 (1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich).  
(1) Rate of Interest. The Notes shall bear interest 
on their outstanding aggregate principal amount 
from, 
and 
including, 
[insert 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest 
Commencement Date") to, but excluding, the 
Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)).

--- Page 104 ---
104 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an 
einen 
Referenzzinssatz 
gebunden 
sind, 
einfügen: 
[In case of Notes linked to a Reference 
Interest Rate, insert: 
[Falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode 
(wie nachstehend definiert) ist der Relevante 
Referenzsatz (wie nachstehend definiert) [im Fall 
einer Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [/] [abzüglich] 
der Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)] [im Fall 
eines Faktors einfügen: [und] multipliziert mit 
dem Faktor [Faktor einfügen]]. 
[In case interpolation applies, insert: The rate 
of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each 
Interest Period (as defined below) shall be the 
Relevant Reference Rate (as defined below) [in 
case of a Margin insert: [plus] [/] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)] [in case of a Factor 
insert: [and] multiplied by the factor [insert 
Factor]]. 
"Relevanter Referenzsatz" bezeichnet, sofern 
nachstehend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, 
mit Bezug auf: (i) die [maßgebliche kurze oder 
lange erste oder letzte Zinsperiode einfügen] 
(die "Interpolierte Zinsperiode") den durch 
lineare Interpolation zwischen dem verfügbaren 
Referenzzinssatz (wie nachstehend definiert) mit 
der im Verhältnis zur Laufzeit der Interpolierten 
Zinsperiode nächst kürzeren Laufzeit und dem 
verfügbaren 
Referenzzinssatz 
mit 
der 
im 
Verhältnis zur Interpolierten Zinsperiode nächst 
längeren 
Laufzeit; 
und 
(ii) alle 
anderen 
Zinsperioden 
den 
[Zahl, 
Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzzinssatzes einfügen, der auf alle 
Zinsperioden 
anwendbar 
ist, 
auf 
die 
Interpolation 
nicht 
anwendbar 
ist] 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
(zusammen 
mit 
den 
Referenzzinsätzen 
für 
die 
Interpolierte 
Zinsperiode die "Referenzzinssätze" und je ein 
"Referenzzinssatz"), jeweils als Prozentsatz per 
annum ausgedrückt. 
"Relevant Reference Rate" means, except as 
provided below, in respect of: (i) the [insert 
relevant short or long first or last interest 
period] (the "Interpolated Interest Period") the 
rate determined by straight-line interpolation 
between the available Reference Interest Rate 
(as defined below) with the next shorter term than 
the term of the Interpolated Interest Period and 
the available Reference Interest Rate with the 
next longer term than the term of the Interpolated 
Interest Period; and (ii) all other Interest Periods 
the [insert number, term and name of the 
relevant Reference Interest Rate which shall 
apply 
to 
all 
Interest 
Periods 
to 
which 
interpolation shall not apply] (as defined below) 
(together with the reference interest rates for the 
Interpolated Interest Period the "Reference 
Interest Rates" and each a "Reference Interest 
Rate"), in each case expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum. 
Bei dem relevanten Referenzzinssatz handelt es 
sich jeweils um den Angebotssatz für Einlagen in 
der festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die 
der Laufzeit des relevanten Referenzzinssatzes 
entspricht, der auf der Bildschirmseite (wie 
nachstehend definiert) am Feststellungstag (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
gegen 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) angezeigt 
wird, 
wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) angegeben) 
erfolgen.] 
The relevant Reference Interest Rate shall be in 
each case the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified 
Currency 
with 
a 
term, 
which 
corresponds with the term of the relevant 
Reference Interest Rate, which appears on the 
Screen Page (as defined below) as of [insert 
relevant 
time] 
([insert 
relevant 
financial 
centre] time) on the Determination Day (as 
defined below), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (as specified in § 6 (1).] 
[Falls 
Interpolation 
nicht 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist der 
Referenzzinssatz (wie nachstehend definiert), [im 
Fall einer Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [/] 
[abzüglich] 
der 
Marge 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert)] [im Fall eines Faktors einfügen: [und] 
multipliziert mit dem Faktor [Faktor einfügen]]. 
[In case interpolation does not apply, insert: 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for 
each Interest Period (as defined below) shall be 
the Reference Interest Rate (as defined below), 
[in case of a Margin insert: [plus] [/] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)] [in case of a Factor 
insert: [and] multiplied by the factor [insert 
Factor]]. 
"Referenzzinssatz" 
bezeichnet, 
sofern 
nachstehend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, 
den [Zahl, Laufzeit und Bezeichnung des 
relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen] (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert), 
ausgedrückt 
als 
"Reference Interest Rate" means, except as 
provided below, the [insert number, term and 
name of the relevant Reference Interest Rate] 
(as defined below), expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Prozentsatz per annum. 
Bei dem [Zahl, Laufzeit und Bezeichnung des 
relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen] handelt 
es sich um den Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der 
festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die der 
Laufzeit des Referenzzinssatzes entspricht, der 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) am Feststellungstag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) gegen [relevante Tageszeit einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Ortszeit) angezeigt wird, wobei alle Festlegungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) 
angegeben) erfolgen.] 
The [insert number, term and name of the 
relevant Reference Interest Rate] shall be the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency 
with a term, which corresponds with the term of 
the Reference Interest Rate, which appears on 
the Screen Page (as defined below) as of [insert 
relevant 
time] 
([insert 
relevant 
financial 
centre] time) on the Determination Day (as 
defined below), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (as specified in § 6 (1)).] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich nicht ändert, einfügen: 
Die "Marge" beträgt [Satz einfügen]% per 
annum.] 
[In case of Notes which have a margin which 
does not change, insert: "Margin" means 
[insert rate] per cent. per annum.] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich ändert, einfügen: Die 
"Marge" beträgt für die Zinsperiode[n] 
[in case of Notes which have a margin which 
changes, insert: "Margin" means in respect of 
the Interest Period[s] 
vom 
(einschließ-
lich) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[zuzüglich] 
[/] 
[abzüglich] 
[Marge 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
] 
from, 
and 
including, 
to, 
but 
excluding, 
 
 
[insert date] 
[insert 
date] 
[plus] [/] 
[minus] 
[insert 
Margin] per 
cent. per 
annum 
] 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
jeweils 
darauf 
folgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich).  
"Interest Period" means each period from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date to, 
but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date and 
from, and including, each Interest Payment Date 
to, but excluding, the following Interest Payment 
Date.  
"Feststellungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[ersten] 
[zweiten] 
[andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen einfügen] Geschäftstag [vor 
[Beginn] [Ende]] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.  
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] 
[insert other relevant number of Business 
Days] 
Business 
Day 
[prior 
to 
the 
[commencement] [end]] of the relevant Interest 
Period.  
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
oder 
die 
Nachfolgeseite, 
die 
von 
dem 
gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für 
die 
Anzeige 
des 
[falls 
Interpolation 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
relevanten] 
Referenzzinssatzes benannt wird, angezeigt wird. 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen 
Page] or the successor page displayed by the 
same 
information 
provider 
or 
any 
other 
information provider nominated by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement information provider for 
the 
purposes 
of 
displaying 
the 
[in 
case 
interpolation 
applies, 
insert: 
relevant] 
Reference Interest Rate. 
Sollte 
die 
Bildschirmseite 
nicht 
mehr 
zur 
Verfügung 
stehen, 
oder 
wird 
der 
[falls 
Interpolation 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
relevante] Referenzzinssatz zu der genannten 
Zeit am relevanten Feststellungstag nicht auf der 
If the Screen Page is unavailable or if the [in 
case interpolation applies, insert: relevant] 
Reference Interest Rate does not appear on the 
Screen Page as at such time on the relevant 
Determination Day, the Calculation Agent shall

--- Page 106 ---
106 
Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt, 
wird 
die 
Berechnungsstelle von jeder der Referenzbanken 
(wie nachstehend definiert) deren jeweiligen Satz 
(jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt) 
anfordern, 
zu 
dem 
sie 
Einlagen 
in 
der 
festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die der 
Laufzeit des [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
relevanten] 
Referenzzinssatzes 
entspricht, 
um 
ca 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Ortszeit) 
am 
Feststellungstag 
anbieten. 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
at which it offers deposits in the Specified 
Currency with a term, which corresponds with the 
term of the [in case interpolation applies, 
insert: relevant] Reference Interest Rate, at 
approximately [insert relevant time] ([insert 
relevant 
financial 
centre] 
time) 
on 
the 
Determination Day. 
Falls zwei oder mehr Referenzbanken der 
Berechnungsstelle solche Sätze nennen, gilt als 
[falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
relevanter] Referenzzinssatz für die relevante 
Zinsperiode 
das 
arithmetische 
Mittel 
(falls 
erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das 
nächste [falls der Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR 
ist, 
einfügen: 
Tausendstel 
Prozent, 
wobei 
0,0005 
aufgerundet 
wird] 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz nicht EURIBOR ist, einfügen: 
Hunderttausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,000005 
aufgerundet wird]) dieser Sätze, wobei alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
erfolgen. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such rates, the [in case 
interpolation 
applies, 
insert: 
relevant] 
Reference Interest Rate for such Interest Period 
shall be deemed to be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest [if the 
Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR insert: 
one thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.0005 
being 
rounded 
upwards] 
[if 
the 
Reference Interest Rate is not EURIBOR 
insert: one hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards]) of 
such rates, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
Für den Fall, dass der [falls Interpolation 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
relevante] 
Referenzzinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes ermittelt werden 
kann, gilt als [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: relevante] Referenzzinssatz für die 
relevante 
Zinsperiode 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
gemäß 
ihrem 
billigen 
Ermessen bestimmte Satz; bei der Bestimmung 
dieses Satzes richtet sich die Berechnungsstelle 
nach der üblichen Marktpraxis. 
If the [in case interpolation applies, insert: 
relevant] Reference Interest Rate cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the [in case 
interpolation 
applies, 
insert: 
relevant]  
Reference Interest Rate for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be deemed to be the rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion; the Calculation Agent shall take 
general market practice into account when 
determining such rate. 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet [relevante Zahl 
einfügen] 
Großbanken 
im 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz 
nicht 
der 
EURIBOR 
Ist 
einfügen: 
[relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen]] 
Interbankenmarkt 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR ist, einfügen: der 
Euro-Zone oder im Londoner Interbankenmarkt]. 
"Reference Banks" means [insert relevant 
number] major banks in the [if the Reference 
Interest Rate is not EURIBOR insert: [insert 
relevant financial centre]] interbank market [if 
the Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR 
insert: of the Euro-zone or in the London 
interbank market].  
[Falls der Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR ist, 
einfügen: "Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet 
derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten der 
Europäischen 
Union, die gemäß dem Vertrag über die 
Gründung 
der 
Europäischen 
Gemeinschaft 
(unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 1957), 
geändert durch den Vertrag über die Europäische 
Union (unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 
1992), den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 
1997 und den Vertrag von Lissabon vom 
13. Dezember 
2007, 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, die einheitliche Währung eingeführt 
haben oder jeweils eingeführt haben werden.]] 
[If the Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR 
insert: "Euro-zone" means the region comprised 
of those member states of the European Union 
that have adopted, or will have adopted from time 
to time, the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam 
Treaty of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon 
of 13 December 2007, as further amended from 
time to time.]] 
[Ende 
der 
Bestimmungen 
für 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
an 
einen 
[End of provisions for Notes linked to a

--- Page 107 ---
107 
Referenzzinssatz gebunden sind] 
Reference Interest Rate] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an 
einen Referenzsatz gebunden sind, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes linked to a Reference Rate 
insert: 
Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode 
(wie nachstehend definiert) ist [Zahl, Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzsatzes einfügen] per annum (der 
"Referenzsatz") [im Fall einer Marge einfügen: 
[zuzüglich] 
[/] 
[abzüglich] 
der 
Marge 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert)] 
[falls 
ein 
Faktor 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: [und] multipliziert mit 
dem 
Faktor 
[Faktor 
einfügen]]. 
Bei 
dem 
Referenzsatz handelt es sich um den Swap-Satz 
(ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per annum) für 
Swap-Transaktionen in der festgelegten Währung 
mit einer Laufzeit von [relevanten Zeitraum 
einfügen], der auf der Bildschirmseite (wie 
nachstehend definiert) am Feststellungstag (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
gegen 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) angezeigt 
wird, 
wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) angegeben) 
erfolgen. 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for 
each Interest Period (as defined below) shall be 
[insert number, term and name of relevant 
Reference Rate] per annum (the "Reference 
Rate") [in case of a Margin insert: [plus] [/] 
[minus] the Margin (as defined below)] [in case a 
Factor shall be applicable, insert: [and] 
multiplied by the factor [insert Factor]]. Such 
Reference 
Rate 
shall 
be 
the 
swap 
rate 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
swap transactions in the Specified Currency with 
a term of [insert relevant term] which appears 
on the Screen Page (as defined below) as of 
[insert relevant time] ([insert relevant financial 
centre] time) on the Determination Day (as 
defined below), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (as specified in § 6 (1)). 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich nicht ändert, einfügen: 
Die "Marge" beträgt [Satz einfügen]% per 
annum.] 
[In case of Notes which have a margin which 
does not change, insert: "Margin" means 
[insert rate] per cent. per annum.] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich ändert, einfügen: Die 
"Marge" beträgt für die Zinsperiode[n] 
[in case of Notes which have a margin which 
changes, insert: "Margin" means in respect of 
the Interest Period[s] 
vom 
(einschließ-
lich) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[zuzüglich] 
[/] 
[abzüglich] 
[Marge 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
] 
from, 
and 
including, 
to, 
but 
excluding, 
 
 
[insert date] 
[insert 
date] 
[plus] [/] 
[minus] 
[insert 
Margin] per 
cent. per 
annum 
] 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
jeweils 
darauf 
folgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich).  
"Interest Period" means each period from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date to, 
but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date and 
from, and including, each Interest Payment Date 
to, but excluding, the following Interest Payment 
Date.  
"Feststellungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[ersten] 
[zweiten] 
[andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen einfügen] Geschäftstag (wie in 
§ 1 (6) definiert) [vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode. 
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] 
[insert other relevant number of Business 
Days] Business Day (as defined in § 1 (6)) [prior 
to the [commencement] [end]] of the relevant 
Interest Period.  
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
oder 
die 
Nachfolgeseite, 
die 
von 
dem 
gleichen 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen 
Page] or the successor page displayed by the 
same 
information 
provider 
or 
any 
other

--- Page 108 ---
108 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des Referenzsatzes benannt wird, 
angezeigt wird. 
information provider nominated by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement information provider for 
the purposes of displaying the Reference Rate. 
Sollte 
die 
Bildschirmseite 
nicht 
mehr 
zur 
Verfügung stehen, oder wird der Referenzsatz zu 
der 
genannten 
Zeit 
am 
relevanten 
Feststellungstag nicht auf der Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt, wird die Berechnungsstelle von jeder 
der Referenzbanken (wie nachstehend definiert) 
deren 
jeweiligen 
Marktmittelkurs 
für 
den 
Swapsatz (jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum 
ausgedrückt), 
um 
ca 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Ortszeit) 
am 
Feststellungstag 
anfordern. "Marktmittelkurs für den Swapsatz" 
bezeichnet das Mittel der Geld- und Briefkurse für 
den 
festverzinslichen 
Teil 
einer 
Zinsswaptransaktion 
in 
der 
festgelegten 
Währung, bei der ein fester Zinssatz gegen einen 
variablen Zinssatz getauscht wird, wobei der 
variabel verzinsliche Teil dem [Zahl, Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzsatzes einfügen] per annum entspricht, 
der auf [relevante Bildschirmseite einfügen] 
(oder der Nachfolgeseite, die von dem gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des [Zahl, Laufzeit und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzzinssatzes einfügen] benannt wird), 
angezeigt wird.  
If the Screen Page is unavailable or if the 
Reference Rate does not appear on the Screen 
Page 
as 
at 
such 
time 
on 
the 
relevant 
Determination Day, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
mid-market 
swap 
rate 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage rate per annum) at approximately 
[insert relevant time] ([insert relevant financial 
centre] time) on the Determination Day. "Mid-
market swap rate" means the mean of the bid 
and offered rates for the fixed leg of a fixed-for-
floating rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency where the floating leg is equivalent to 
[insert number, term and relevant Reference 
Rate] per annum, which appears on [insert 
relevant screen page] (or the successor page 
displayed by the same information provider or any 
other information provider nominated by the 
Calculation Agent as the replacement information 
provider for the purposes of displaying the [insert 
number, term and relevant Reference Interest 
Rate]).  
Falls drei oder mehr Referenzbanken 
der 
Berechnungsstelle solche Sätze nennen, gilt als 
Referenzsatz für die relevante Zinsperiode das 
arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder 
abgerundet auf das nächste Hunderttausendstel 
Prozent, wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet wird) dieser 
Sätze, wobei der höchste Satz (oder, falls es 
mehrere gleich hohe Höchstsätze geben sollte, 
einer dieser Höchstsätze) und der niedrigste Satz 
(oder, 
falls 
es 
mehrere 
gleich 
niedrige 
Niedrigstsätze 
geben 
sollte, 
einer 
dieser 
Niedrigstsätze) unberücksichtigt bleiben, wobei 
alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle 
erfolgen. 
If three or more of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such rates, the 
Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period 
shall be deemed to be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such rates 
eliminating the highest rate (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and the lowest rate 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest), all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Für den Fall, dass der Referenzsatz nicht gemäß 
den 
vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
Absatzes 
ermittelt 
werden 
kann, 
gilt 
als 
Referenzsatz für die relevante Zinsperiode der 
von der Berechnungsstelle gemäß ihrem billigen 
Ermessen bestimmte Satz; bei der Bestimmung 
dieses Satzes richtet sich die Berechnungsstelle 
nach der üblichen Marktpraxis.] 
If the Reference Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Reference Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be deemed to be the rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion; the Calculation Agent shall 
take general market practice into account when 
determining such rate.] 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet [relevante Zahl 
einfügen] 
Großbanken 
im 
[falls 
der 
Referenzsatz 
kein 
Euro-Swapsatz 
ist, 
relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
"Reference Banks" means [insert relevant 
number] major banks in the [if the Reference 
Rate is not a Euro swap rate, insert relevant 
financial centre] interbank market [if the

--- Page 109 ---
109 
Interbankenmarkt [falls der Referenzsatz ein 
Euro-Swapsatz ist, einfügen: der Euro-Zone 
oder im Londoner Interbankenmarkt].  
Reference Rate is a Euro swap rate, insert: of 
the Euro-zone or in the London interbank market]. 
[Falls der Referenzsatz ein Euro-Swapsatz ist, 
einfügen: "Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet 
derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten der 
Europäischen 
Union, die gemäß dem Vertrag über die 
Gründung 
der 
Europäischen 
Gemeinschaft 
(unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 1957), 
geändert durch den Vertrag über die Europäische 
Union (unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 
1992), den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 
1997 und den Vertrag von Lissabon vom 
13. Dezember 
2007, 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, die einheitliche Währung eingeführt 
haben oder jeweils eingeführt haben werden.] 
[If the Reference Rate is a Euro swap rate, 
insert: "Euro-zone" means the region comprised 
of those member states of the European Union 
that have adopted, or will have adopted from time 
to time, the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam 
Treaty of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon 
of 13 December 2007, as further amended from 
time to time.] 
[Ende 
der 
Bestimmungen 
für 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
an 
einen 
Referenzsatz gebunden sind] 
[End of provisions for Notes linked to a 
Reference Rate] 
[Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit 
einem 
inflationsabhängigen 
Zinssatz 
einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with an inflation linked 
interest rate insert: 
(1) Zinssatz. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
ihres 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 (1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich).  
(1) Rate of Interest. The Notes shall bear interest 
on their outstanding aggregate principal amount 
from, 
and 
including, 
[insert 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest 
Commencement Date") to, but excluding, the 
Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)).  
Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode 
(wie nachstehend definiert) wird als Zinssatz in 
Prozent per annum ("Ian(t)") ausgedrückt und von 
der Berechnungsstelle gemäß folgender Formel 
bestimmt: 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for 
each Interest Period shall be expressed as a rate 
in per cent per annum ("Ian(t)") and calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Ian(t) = [ Min{ ] [ Max{ ] ((HVPI(t) – HVPI(t-1)) / 
HVPI(t-1)) [*100] [* Faktor] [+] [-] [Zuschlag] 
[Abschlag] [; Wert } ] [+] [-] [Marge] 
Ian(t) = [ Min{ ] [ Max{ ] (HICP(t) – HICP(t-1)) / 
HICP(t-1) [*100] [* Factor] [+] [-] [Surcharge] 
[Reduction] [;Value } ] [+] [-] [Margin] 
"HVPI(t)" bezeichnet den Stand des HVPI, wie er 
in Bezug auf [Bezugszeitraum (t) einfügen] 
veröffentlicht wird. 
"HICP(t)" means the level of the HICP that is 
published by reference to the [insert reference 
period(t)]. 
"HVPI(t-1)" bezeichnet den Stand des HVPI, der 
in Bezug auf [Bezugszeitraum (t-1) einfügen] 
veröffentlicht wird. 
"HICP(t-1)" means the level of the HICP that is 
published by reference to the [insert reference 
period(t-1)]. 
["Abschlag" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] 
[Anzahl von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit 
[Höhe des Abschlags einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Reduction" means a defined [number] [number 
of percentage points] and has been determined 
as [Insert amount of reduction].] 
["Zuschlag" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] 
[Anzahl von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit 
[Höhe des Zuschlags einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Surcharge" means a defined [number] [number 
of percentage points] and has been determined 
as [Insert amount of surcharge].] 
["Wert" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] [Anzahl 
von Prozentpunkten], die für einen Zinssatz steht, 
und wurde mit [Höhe des Wertes einfügen] 
festgelegt.] 
["Value" means a defined [number] [number of 
percentage points] which stands for a percentage 
rate, and has been determined as [Insert amount 
of value].] 
["Faktor" 
bedeutet 
eine 
definierte 
Zahl 
(Multiplikator des Inflationszinssatzes) und wurde 
["Factor" means a defined number (a multiplier of 
the Inflation Rate) and has been determined as

--- Page 110 ---
110 
mit [Höhe des Faktors einfügen] festgelegt.] 
[Insert amount of factor].] 
["Marge" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] [Anzahl 
von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit [Höhe der 
Marge einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Margin" means a defined [number] [number of 
percentage points] and has been determined as 
[Insert amount of factor].] 
"HVPI" 
oder 
"Index" 
ist 
der 
unrevidierte 
Harmonisierte 
Verbraucherpreisindex 
(ohne 
Tabak) für die Euro-Zone (wie nachstehend 
definiert), der monatlich vom Statistischen Amt 
der Europäischen Gemeinschaft (nachfolgend 
"EUROSTAT" oder "Indexsponsor" genannt) 
berechnet 
wird, 
und 
welcher 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
am 
Feststellungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) veröffentlicht wird. 
"HICP" or "Index" is the unrevised Harmonised 
Index of Consumer Prices (excluding Tobacco) 
for the Euro-Zone (as defined below), which is 
calculated on a monthly basis by the statistical 
office of the European Union (the "EUROSTAT" 
or the "Index Sponsor") and published on the 
Screen Page on the Determination Day (as 
defined below). 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
oder 
die 
Nachfolgeseite, 
die 
von 
dem 
gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des Index benannt wird, 
angezeigt wird. 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen 
Page] or the successor page displayed by the 
same 
information 
provider 
or 
any 
other 
information provider nominated by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement information provider for 
the purposes of displaying the Index. 
Falls die Bildschirmseite nicht länger existiert und 
keine offizielle Nachfolgeseite bekannt gegeben 
wird, wird die Berechnungsstelle eine alternative 
Referenz für den Index festlegen. 
If the Screen Page ceases to exist and no official 
successor page is announced, the Calculation 
Agent will determine other reference with respect 
to the Index. 
Im Fall einer Änderung eines veröffentlichten 
Indexstandes, der nach mehr als 24 Stunden 
nach der ersten Veröffentlichung erfolgt, soll in 
jedem 
Fall 
der 
zunächst 
ursprünglich 
veröffentlichte 
Indexstand 
zur 
Berechnung 
maßgeblich sein. 
In case of any amendment of the published index 
level 24 hours after the first publication, the index 
level published first shall, in any case, be 
applicable to the calculation. 
Wird der Index nicht mehr vom Indexsponsor, 
sondern von einer anderen Person, Gesellschaft 
oder Institution, die die Berechnungsstelle für 
geeignet 
hält 
(der 
"Nachfolgesponsor") 
berechnet 
und 
veröffentlicht, 
so 
wird 
der 
anwendbare Zinssatz auf der Grundlage des vom 
Nachfolgesponsor 
berechneten 
und 
veröffentlichten 
Index 
berechnet. 
Jede 
hier 
enthaltene Bezugnahme auf den Indexsponsor 
gilt, sofern es der Zusammenhang erlaubt, als 
Bezugnahme auf den Nachfolgesponsor. 
If the Index is not calculated and published by the 
Index Sponsor any more but by another person, 
corporation or institution, which the Calculation 
Agent 
considers 
suitable 
(the 
"Successor 
Sponsor"), the applicable Rate of Interest shall 
be calculated on the basis of the Index calculated 
and published by the Successor Sponsor. Any 
reference to Index Sponsor contained herein, 
shall, in this context, be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Sponsor. 
Wird der Index zu irgendeiner Zeit aufgehoben 
und/oder durch einen anderen Index ersetzt, legt 
die Berechnungsstelle nach billigem Ermessen 
fest, welcher Index künftig für die Berechnung 
des anwendbaren Zinssatzes zugrunde zu legen 
ist (der "Nachfolgeindex"). Der Nachfolgeindex 
sowie 
der 
Zeitpunkt 
seiner 
erstmaligen 
Anwendung werden so bald wie möglich jedoch 
keinesfalls später als am Zinsenfestlegungstag 
bekannt 
gemacht. 
Jede 
hier 
enthaltene 
Bezugnahme auf den Index gilt, sofern es der 
Zusammenhang erlaubt, als Bezugnahme auf 
den Nachfolgeindex. 
If at any time the Index is cancelled and/or 
replaced by any other index, the Calculation 
Agent 
shall, 
at 
its 
reasonable 
discretion, 
determine 
the 
Index 
which 
the 
following 
calculation of the applicable Rate of Interest will 
be based on (the "Successor Index"). The 
Successor Index and the time of its first 
application will be announced as soon as possible 
but not later than on the Determination Date. Any 
reference to the Index contained herein, shall, in 
this context, be deemed to refer to the Successor 
Index. 
Ist nach Ansicht der Berechnungsstelle: (i) die 
Festlegung eines Nachfolgeindex aus welchen 
If according to the Calculation Agent’s opinion: 
(i) the determination of the Successor Index is, for

--- Page 111 ---
111 
Gründen 
auch 
immer 
nicht 
möglich; 
oder 
(ii) nimmt der Indexsponsor eine wesentliche 
Veränderung 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Berechnungsmethode zur Bestimmung des Index 
vor oder verändert der Indexsponsor den Index 
auf irgendeine andere Weise wesentlich, wird die 
Berechnungsstelle 
die 
Weiterrechnung 
und 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Indexstandes 
unter 
Berücksichtigung des Grundsatzes von Treu und 
Glauben und in wirtschaftlich vernünftiger Art und 
Weise durchführen. 
whatever reason, not possible; or (ii) the Index 
Sponsor significantly changes the method of 
calculating the Index or the Index Sponsor 
significantly changes the Index in any other way, 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
shall 
make 
further 
calculations and publications of the index level 
acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
"Euro Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen Union, die 
gemäß dem Vertrag über die Gründung der 
Europäischen Gemeinschaft (unterzeichnet in 
Rom am 25. März 1957), geändert durch den 
Vertrag 
über 
die 
Europäische 
Union 
(unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 1992) 
und dem Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 
1997, 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, 
eine 
einheitliche Währung eingeführt haben oder 
jeweils eingeführt haben werden. 
"Euro-Zone" means the area of the member 
states of the European Union which have adopted 
or will adopt a single currency pursuant to the 
Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed on 25 March 1957 in Rome), as amended 
by the Treaty on the European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992) and pursuant to 
the Amsterdam Treaty of 2 October 1997, as 
amended from time to time. 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
jeweils 
darauf 
folgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich).  
"Interest Period" means each period from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date to, 
but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date and 
from, and including, each Interest Payment Date 
to, but excluding, the following Interest Payment 
Date.  
"Feststellungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[ersten] 
[zweiten] 
[andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen einfügen] Geschäftstag (wie in 
§ 1 (6) definiert) [vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode.] 
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] 
[insert other relevant number of Business 
Days] Business Day (as defined in § 1 (6)) [prior 
to the [commencement] [end]] of the relevant 
Interest Period.] 
[Ende 
der 
Bestimmungen 
für 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
einem 
inflationsabhängigen Zinssatz] 
[End of provisions for Notes with an inflation 
linked interest rate] 
[Falls 
bei 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
variablem Zinssatz ein Mindest- und/oder ein 
Höchstzinssatz gilt, einfügen: 
[If in case of Notes with a floating interest rate, 
a Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
applies, insert: 
(2) [Mindest-] [und] [Höchst-] [und] [Memory-] 
Zinssatz. 
(2) [Minimum] [and] [Maximum] [and] [Memory] 
Rate of Interest. 
[Falls ein Mindestzinssatz gilt, einfügen: Wenn 
der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz niedriger ist als 
[Mindestzinssatz einfügen]% per annum, so ist 
der 
Zinssatz 
für 
diese 
Zinsperiode 
[Mindestzinssatz einfügen]% per annum. (der 
"Mindestzinssatz")] 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibung eine Memory Floater-
Zinsstruktur aufweist, einfügen: Wenn der 
gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode (die "maßgebliche Zinsperiode") 
ermittelte Zinssatz niedriger ist als der Zinssatz 
der unmittelbar vorhergehenden Zinsperiode, so 
ist der Zinssatz für die maßgebliche Zinsperiode 
der Zinssatz der unmittelbar vorhergehenden 
Zinsperiode ("Memory Floater").] 
[If Minimum Rate of Interest applies, insert: If 
the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is less than [insert Minimum Rate of 
Interest] per cent. per annum, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert 
Minimum Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum 
(the "Minimum Rate of Interest").] [in case the 
Notes 
have 
a 
Memory 
Floater 
interest 
structure, insert: If the Rate of Interest in respect 
of any Interest Period (the "relevant Interest 
Period") determined in accordance with the 
above provisions is less than the Rate of Interest 
of the immediately preceding Interest Period, the 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period 
shall be the Rate of Interest of the immediately

--- Page 112 ---
112 
preceding Interest Period ("Memory Floater").] 
[Falls 
mehrere 
Mindestzinssätze 
gelten, 
einfügen: 
Wenn 
der 
gemäß 
den 
obigen 
Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz niedriger ist als der für die maßgebliche 
Zinsperiode in nachstehender Tabelle angeführte 
Mindestzinssatz (der "Mindestzinssatz") in % per 
annum, so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
dieser Mindestzinssatz.  
[If more than one Minimum Rate of Interest 
applies, insert: If the Rate of Interest in respect 
of any Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the above provisions is less than the 
minimum rate of interest as indicated in the below 
table in per cent. per annum, (the "Minimum 
Rate of Interest") the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be the Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
vom 
(einschließ-
lich) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
Mindest-
zinssatz 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
(einschließ-
lich 
des 
Fälligkeits-
tags 
und 
des 
Erweiterten 
Fälligkeits-
tags 
(falls 
anwendbar)
) einfügen] 
[Mindest-
zinssatz 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
from, and 
including, 
to, but 
excluding, 
Minimum 
Rate of 
[insert date] 
[insert date 
(including 
the Maturity 
Date 
and 
the 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date 
(if 
applicable))
] 
[insert 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest] per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
 
[Falls ein Höchstzinssatz gilt, einfügen: Wenn 
der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz höher ist als 
[Höchstzinssatz einfügen]% per annum, so ist 
der 
Zinssatz 
für 
diese 
Zinsperiode 
[Höchstzinssatz einfügen]% per annum.]]  
[If Maximum Rate of Interest applies insert: If 
the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is greater than [insert Maximum Rate 
of Interest] per cent. per annum, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert 
Maximum Rate of Interest] per cent. per 
annum.]]  
[Bei 
allen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
außer 
Nullkupon Schuldverschreibungen, einfügen: 
[Insert for all Notes other than Zero Coupon 
Notes: 
([2/3]) Zinszahlungstage. 
([2/3]) Interest Payment Dates. 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind im 
Nachhinein an jedem Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
"Zinszahlungstag" bedeutet jeder [festgelegte 
Zinszahlungstage einfügen], beginnend mit 
dem [ersten Zinszahlungstag einfügen]. 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date. "Interest Payment 
Date" means each [insert specified Interest 
Payment Dates], commencing on [insert first 
Interest Payment Date]. 
Zinszahlungstage unterliegen einer Anpassung in 
Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 (3) enthaltenen 
Bestimmungen. 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the provisions set out in 
§ 4 (3). 
([3/4]) Verzugszinsen. 
Der 
Zinslauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Ablauf des 
Kalendertages, der dem Kalendertag vorangeht, 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin 
die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht 
einlöst, wird der ausstehende Gesamtnennbetrag 
der Schuldverschreibungen vom Kalendertag der 
Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Kalendertag der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) [im Fall 
von Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen, 
deren Laufzeit sich bei Nichtzahlung des 
ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrags durch die 
([3/4]) Default Interest. The Notes shall cease to 
bear interest from the expiry of the calendar day 
preceding the due date for redemption. If the 
Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, 
interest 
shall 
continue 
to 
accrue 
on 
the 
outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes from, and including, the due date for 
redemption to, but excluding, the date of actual 
redemption of the Notes [in case of Covered 
Bank 
Bonds 
(Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen), 
whose 
term 
shall be extended in case the Issuer does not 
pay the outstanding 
aggregate principal 
amount on the Maturity Date, insert: (except

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Emittentin 
am 
Fälligkeitstag 
verlängert, 
einfügen, einfügen: (ausgenommen gemäß 
§ 5 (1a))] 
weiterhin 
in 
Höhe 
des 
jeweils 
vorgesehenen 
Zinssatzes 
verzinst. 
Weitergehende Ansprüche der Gläubiger bleiben 
unberührt.] 
pursuant to § 5 (1a))] at the respective rate of 
interest specified. This does not affect any 
additional rights that might be available to the 
Holders.] 
[Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit 
einem fixen Zinssatz einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a fixed interest rate 
insert: 
(4) Berechnung des Zinsbetrags. Falls der auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlende Zinsbetrag 
für einen bestimmten Zeitraum von weniger oder 
mehr als einem Jahr zu berechnen ist, erfolgt die 
Berechnung des Zinsbetrags, indem der Zinssatz 
auf die festgelegte Stückelung angewendet wird, 
dieser Betrag mit dem Zinstagequotienten (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) multipliziert und das 
hieraus resultierende Ergebnis auf die nächste 
Untereinheit der festgelegten Währung gerundet 
wird, wobei eine halbe Untereinheit aufgerundet 
wird oder die Rundung ansonsten gemäß der 
anwendbaren Marktkonvention erfolgt.] 
(4) Calculation of Amount of Interest. If the 
amount of interest payable under the Notes is 
required to be calculated for any period of time of 
less or more than a full year such amount of 
interest shall be calculated by applying the rate of 
interest to the Specified Denomination, multiplying 
such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction 
(as defined below), and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency, half of such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with the 
applicable market convention.] 
[Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit 
einem variablen Zinssatz einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a floating interest rate 
insert: 
([4/5]) Berechnung 
des 
Zinsbetrags. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
wird 
den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Zinsbetrag 
(der "Zinsbetrag") in Bezug auf die festgelegte 
Stückelung 
für 
die 
relevante 
Zinsperiode 
berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag wird berechnet, indem 
der Zinssatz auf die festgelegte Stückelung 
angewendet 
wird, 
dieser 
Betrag 
mit 
dem 
Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend definiert) 
multipliziert und der hieraus resultierende Betrag 
auf die nächste Untereinheit der festgelegten 
Währung gerundet wird, wobei eine halbe 
Untereinheit aufgerundet wird oder die Rundung 
ansonsten 
gemäß 
der 
anwendbaren 
Marktkonvention 
erfolgt. 
Im 
Falle 
einer 
Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode 
kann der auf diese Weise berechnete Zinsbetrag 
ohne Vorankündigung nachträglich angepasst 
(oder andere geeignete Anpassungsregelungen 
getroffen) werden. 
([4/5]) Calculation of Amount of Interest. The 
Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of 
interest payable under the Notes (the "Amount of 
Interest") 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. The 
Amount of Interest shall be calculated by applying 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
to 
the 
Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction (as defined below) 
and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, with 
half of such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
Each 
Amount 
of 
Interest 
so 
calculated may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
([5/6]) Mitteilungen 
des 
Zinssatzes. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass die 
Zinsperiode und der Zinssatz der Emittentin, jeder 
Börse, an der die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln 
eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, und den 
Gläubigern gemäß § 10 baldmöglichst nach ihrer 
Bestimmung mitgeteilt werden. 
([5/6]) Notification of Rate of Interest. The 
Calculation Agent will cause the Interest Period 
and the Rate of Interest to be notified to the 
Issuer, any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are from time to time listed (if required by the 
rules of such stock exchange) and to the Holders 
in accordance with § 10 as soon as possible after 
their determination. 
([6/7]) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, 
Quotierungen 
und 
Entscheidungen, 
die 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke dieses § 3 
gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder eingeholt 
werden, 
sind 
(sofern 
keine 
vorsätzliche 
([6/7]) Determinations Binding. All certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
the provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation Agent 
shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the

--- Page 114 ---
114 
Pflichtverletzung, kein böser Glaube und kein 
offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, 
die Zahlstellen und die Gläubiger bindend, und, 
sofern 
keiner 
der 
vorstehend 
genannten 
Umstände vorliegt, haftet die Berechnungsstelle 
nicht gegenüber der Emittentin, den Zahlstellen 
oder den Gläubigern im Zusammenhang mit der 
Ausübung oder Nichtausübung ihrer Rechte und 
Pflichten und ihres Ermessens gemäß solchen 
Bestimmungen.] 
Paying Agents and the Holders and, in the 
absence of the aforesaid, no liability to the Issuer, 
the Paying Agents or the Holders shall attach to 
the Calculation Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions pursuant to such provisions.] 
([5/7/8]) Zinstagequotient. 
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung eines 
Zinsbetrags auf eine Schuldverschreibung für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
([5/7/8]) Day 
Count 
Fraction. 
"Day 
Count 
Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of 
an amount of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ICMA) anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
[In case Actual/Actual (ICMA) applies, insert: 
(a) 
falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum kürzer 
ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, 
oder falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum der 
Feststellungsperiode entspricht, die Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch das 
Produkt 
aus: 
(x) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage in der Feststellungsperiode; 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine 
(wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr; oder 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Calculation Period ends, 
the number of calendar days in such 
Calculation Period divided by the product 
of: (x) the number of calendar days in such 
Determination Period; and (y) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified below) 
that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger 
ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, 
die Summe aus 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the 
Calculation Period ends, the sum of 
(i) 
der Anzahl der Kalendertage in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, 
in 
welcher 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
beginnt, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus: (x) der 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in der 
Feststellungsperiode; 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungstermine in 
einem Kalenderjahr; und 
(i) 
the number of calendar days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the 
Calculation Period begins divided by 
the product of: (x) the number of 
calendar days in such Determination 
Period; 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Dates 
that 
would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
der Anzahl der Kalendertage in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
nächste Feststellungsperiode fallen, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus: (x) der 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in dieser 
Feststellungsperiode; 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungstermine in 
einem Kalenderjahr. 
(ii) 
the number of calendar days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the 
product 
of: 
(x) the 
number 
of 
calendar days in such Determination 
Period; 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Dates 
that 
would 
occur in one calendar year. 
"Feststellungsperiode" ist der Zeitraum von 
einem Feststellungstermin (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
nächsten 
Feststellungstermin 
(ausschließlich); dies schließt dann, wenn der 
Verzinsungsbeginn kein Feststellungstermin ist, 
den 
Zeitraum 
ein, 
der 
an 
dem 
ersten 
Feststellungstermin vor dem Verzinsungsbeginn 
"Determination Period" means the period from, 
and including, a Determination Date to, but 
excluding, the next Determination Date (including, 
where the Interest Commencement Date is not a 
Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to the Interest 
Commencement Date, and where the final

--- Page 115 ---
115 
anfängt, 
und 
dann, 
wenn 
der 
letzte 
Zinszahlungstag kein Feststellungstermin ist, den 
Zeitraum 
ein, 
der 
an 
dem 
ersten 
Feststellungstermin 
nach 
dem 
letzten 
Zinszahlungstag endet. 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination 
Date, the first Determination Date falling after the 
final Interest Payment Date, as the case may be). 
Die 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine 
im 
Kalenderjahr (jeweils ein "Feststellungstermin") 
beträgt 
[Anzahl 
der 
regulären 
Zinszahlungstage im Kalenderjahr einfügen].] 
The number of interest determination dates per 
calendar year (each a "Determination Date") is 
[insert number of regular interest payment 
dates per calendar year].] 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ISDA) anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, 
die Summe aus: 
[In case Actual/Actual (ISDA) applies, insert: 
the actual number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
calculation portion of that Calculation Period falls 
in a leap year, the sum of: 
(a) 
der 
tatsächlichen 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
in 
dem 
Teil 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
die 
in 
das 
Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 366; und 
(a) 
the actual number of calendar days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366; and 
(b) 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Kalendertagen 
in 
dem 
Teil 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die nicht in ein 
Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 365).] 
(b) 
the actual number of calendar days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365).] 
[Falls 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 365.] 
[In case Actual/365 (Fixed) applies, insert: the 
actual number of calendar days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.] 
[Falls Actual/360 anwendbar ist, einfügen: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[In case Actual/360 applies, insert: the actual 
number of calendar days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360.] 
[Falls 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert 
durch 360, 
wobei 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Kalendertagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 
30 Kalendertagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn: 
[In case 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
applies, insert: the number of calendar days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number 
of calendar days to be calculated on the basis of 
a year of 360 calendar days with twelve 30-
calendar day months (unless: 
(a) 
der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 
31. Kalendertag eines Monats, während 
der 
erste 
Kalendertag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 
30. noch auf den 31. Kalendertag eines 
Monats fällt, wobei in diesem Fall der den 
letzten Kalendertag enthaltende Monat 
nicht als ein auf 30 Kalendertage gekürzter 
Monat zu behandeln ist; oder 
(a) 
the last calendar day of the Calculation 
Period is the 31st calendar day of a month 
but the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period is a calendar day other than the 30th 
or 31st calendar day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last 
calendar day shall not be considered to be 
shortened to a 30-calendar day month; or 
(b) 
der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 
letzten Kalendertag des Monats Februar, 
wobei in diesem Fall der Monat Februar 
nicht 
als 
ein 
auf 
30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
(b) 
the last calendar day of the Calculation 
Period is the last calendar day of the month 
of February in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-calendar day month).] 
[Falls 
30E/360 
oder 
Eurobond 
Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
[In case 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis applies, 
insert: the number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of

--- Page 116 ---
116 
dividiert 
durch 360 
(wobei 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Kalendertagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 
30 Kalendertagen zu ermitteln ist, und zwar ohne 
Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten 
Kalendertages 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei denn, der 
Fälligkeitstag 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen, deren Laufzeit 
sich bei Nichtzahlung des ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags durch die Emittentin am 
Fälligkeitstag verlängert, einfügen: oder, falls 
sich die Laufzeit der Schuldverschreibungen in 
Übereinstimmung mit den in § 5 (1a) enthaltenen 
Bestimmungen 
verlängert, 
der 
Erweiterte 
Fälligkeitstag] 
ist, 
im 
Fall 
des 
letzten 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
der 
letzte 
Kalendertag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln ist). 
calendar days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 calendar days with twelve 30-
calendar day months, without regard to the date 
of the first calendar day or last calendar day of the 
Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date [in case of 
Covered 
Bank 
Bonds 
(Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen), 
whose 
term 
shall be extended in case the Issuer does not 
pay the outstanding 
aggregate principal 
amount on the Maturity Date, insert: or, in case 
the term of the Notes is extended in accordance 
with the provisions set out in § 5 (1a), the 
Extended Maturity Date] is the last calendar day 
of the month of February, in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-calendar day month). 
[Bei 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
Referenz[zins]satz, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a Reference [Interest] 
Rate, insert: 
([8/9]) Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz. Im Fall eines 
Benchmark-Ereignisses 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert): (i) bemüht sich die Emittentin im 
angemessenen Umfang einen Unabhängigen 
Berater zu ernennen, um im billigen Ermessen 
des Unabhängigen Beraters (in Abstimmung mit 
der Berechnungsstelle und in gutem Glauben und 
auf 
eine 
wirtschaftlich 
vernünftige 
Weise 
handelnd (das "Ersetzungsziel")) einen Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz zu bestimmen, der an die 
Stelle des vom Benchmark-Ereignis betroffenen 
ursprünglichen Referenz[zins]satzes tritt; oder 
(ii) falls der Unabhängige Berater von der 
Emittentin 
nicht 
ernannt 
wird 
oder 
nicht 
zeitgerecht ernannt werden kann oder falls ein 
Unabhängiger Berater von der Emittentin ernannt 
wird, 
aber 
dieser 
keinen 
Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz bestimmt, dann kann die 
Emittentin 
(unter 
Berücksichtigung 
des 
Ersetzungsziels) bestimmen, welcher Satz (falls 
überhaupt) 
den 
vom 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
betroffenen 
ursprünglichen 
Referenz[zins]satz 
ersetzt hat. Ein Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz gilt ab 
dem vom Unabhängigen Berater oder von der 
Emittentin (je nachdem) im billigen Ermessen 
bestimmten 
Feststellungstag 
(einschließlich), 
frühestens jedoch ab dem Feststellungstag, der 
mit dem Benchmark-Ereignis zusammenfällt oder 
auf dieses folgt, erstmals mit Wirkung für die 
Zinsperiode, für die an diesem Feststellungstag 
der Zinssatz festgelegt wird. Der "Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz" ist ein Satz (ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz per annum), der sich aus einem vom 
Unabhängigen Berater oder von der Emittentin (je 
nachdem) im billigen Ermessen festgelegten 
Alternativ-Referenz[zins]satz 
(der 
"Alternativ-
Referenz[zins]satz"), der von einem Dritten 
bereitgestellt wird und der alle anwendbaren 
([8/9]) Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate. In the 
event of a Benchmark Event: (i) the Issuer shall 
use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent 
Advisor 
to 
determine 
in 
the 
Independent Advisor's reasonable discretion (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent and acting 
in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner 
(the 
"Substitution 
Objective")) 
a 
Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate which shall 
replace the original Reference [Interest] Rate 
affected by the Benchmark Event; or (ii) if no 
Independent Advisor is or can be timely appointed 
by the Issuer or if an Independent Advisor is 
appointed by the Issuer, but fails to determine a 
Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate, then the 
Issuer 
(in 
consideration 
of 
the 
Substitute 
Objective) may determine which (if any) rate has 
replaced the original Reference [Interest] Rate 
affected by the Benchmark Event. Any Substitute 
Reference [Interest] Rate shall apply from (and 
including) the Determination Day determined by 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) in its due discretion, which shall be 
no earlier than the Determination Day falling on or 
immediately following the date of the Benchmark 
Event, with first effect for the Interest Period for 
which the Rate of Interest is determined on such 
Determination Day. The "Substitute Reference 
[Interest] Rate" shall be a rate (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) which corresponds to 
an alternative reference [interest] rate (the 
"Alternative 
Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate") 
provided by a third party and meeting any 
applicable legal requirements for being used for 
determining the payment obligations under the 
Notes determined by the Independent Advisor or 
the Issuer (as the case may be) in its due 
discretion, 
as 
modified 
by 
applying 
the

--- Page 117 ---
117 
rechtlichen Voraussetzungen erfüllt, um ihn zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen zu verwenden, mit 
den vom Unabhängigen Berater oder von der 
Emittentin (je nachdem) im billigen Ermessen 
gegebenenfalls bestimmten Anpassungen, die in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
einer 
Allgemein 
Akzeptierten 
Marktpraxis, 
einem 
Amtlichen 
Ersetzungskonzept oder einer Branchenlösung 
gegebenenfalls empfohlen werden, (zB in Form 
von Auf- oder Abschlägen) ergibt. 
adjustments, which in accordance with the 
Generally Accepted Market Practice, an Official 
Substitution Concept or an Industry Solution (if 
any) are recommended, (e.g. in the form of 
premiums or discounts), if any, that may be 
determined by the Independent Advisor or the 
Issuer (as the case may be) in its due discretion. 
Unbeschadet 
der 
Allgemeingültigkeit 
des 
Vorstehenden wird der Unabhängige Berater oder 
die Emittentin (je nachdem) insbesondere, aber 
ohne 
Beschränkung, 
ein 
Amtliches 
Ersetzungskonzept, eine Branchenlösung oder 
eine 
Allgemein 
Akzeptierte 
Marktpraxis 
berücksichtigen. 
Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be)  shall in particular, but without 
limitation take into consideration an Official 
Substitution Concept, an Industry Solution or a 
Generally Accepted Market Practice. 
Bestimmt der Unabhängige Berater oder die 
Emittentin 
(je 
nachdem) 
einen 
Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz, 
so 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt,  nach billigem Ermessen diejenigen 
Änderungen 
in 
den 
verfahrensmäßigen  
Festlegungen in Bezug auf die Bestimmung des 
aktuellen 
Ersatz- 
Referenz[zins]satzes 
(zB 
Feststellungstag, 
maßgebliche 
Uhrzeit, 
maßgebliche Bildschirmseite für den Bezug des 
Alternativ-Referenz[zins]satzes 
sowie 
Ausfallbestimmungen 
für 
den 
Fall 
der 
Nichtverfügbarkeit 
der 
maßgeblichen 
Bildschirmseite) und diejenigen Anpassungen an 
die Definition von "Geschäftstag" in § 1 (6) und 
die Bestimmungen zur Geschäftstagekonvention 
in § 4 (3) vorzunehmen, die in Übereinstimmung 
mit der allgemein akzeptierten Marktpraxis, dem 
Amtlichen 
Ersetzungskonzept 
oder 
der 
Branchenlösung erforderlich oder zweckmäßig 
sind, um die Ersetzung des Referenz[zins]satzes 
durch den Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz praktisch 
durchführbar zu machen. 
If the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) determines a Substitute Reference 
[Interest] Rate, it shall also be entitled to make, in 
its due discretion, any such adjustments to the 
procedural 
determinations 
relating 
to 
the 
determination of the current Substitute Reference 
[Interest] Rate (e.g. the determination day, the 
relevant time, the relevant screen page for 
obtaining the Alternative Reference [Interest] 
Rate and the fallback provisions in the event that 
the relevant screen page is not available) and to 
make such adjustments to the definition of 
"Business Day" in § 1 (6) and the business day 
convention 
provisions 
in 
§ 4 (3) 
which 
in 
accordance with the Generally Accepted Market 
Practice, the Official Substitution Concept or the 
Industry Solution generally accepted market 
practice are necessary or expedient to make the 
substitution of the Reference [Interest] Rate by 
the 
Substitute 
Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate 
operative. 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" bezeichnet: 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) den 
Fall, 
dass 
die 
regelmäßige 
Veröffentlichung des Referenz[zins]satzes (oder 
maßgeblicher Bestandteile davon) eingestellt wird 
oder der Referenz[zins]satz (oder maßgebliche 
Bestandteile davon) ganz wegfällt; oder 
(a) the case that the Reference [Interest] Rate (or 
any component part thereof) ceases to be 
published on a regular basis or ceases to exist; or 
(b) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
des 
Administrators des Referenz[zins]satzes oder der 
für den Administrator des Referenz[zins]satzes 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
dass 
(i) 
die 
Ermittlung, Bereitstellung oder Bekanntgabe des 
Referenz[zins]satzes 
dauerhaft 
oder 
auf 
unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt worden ist oder 
eingestellt werden wird, ohne dass ein Nachfolge-
Administrator 
existiert, 
oder 
(ii) 
der 
Referenz[zins]satz 
aus 
sonstigen 
Gründen 
dauerhaft und endgültigen wegfällt; oder 
(b) a public statement by the administrator or the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate, 
that 
(i) 
the 
determination, 
provision or publication of the Reference [Interest] 
Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued in circumstances where 
no successor administrator exists, or (ii) the 
Reference [Interest] Rate permanently or finally 
ceases to exist for other reasons; or 
(c) eine wesentliche Änderung der Methode zur 
(c) a material change in the methodology of

--- Page 118 ---
118 
Ermittlung 
oder 
Berechnung 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes im Vergleich zu derjenigen 
Methode, 
die 
bei 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zur Anwendung kam, 
oder 
eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
des 
Administrators des Referenz[zins]satzes oder der 
für den Administrator des  Referenz[zins]satzes 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
dass 
eine 
wesentliche 
Änderung 
der 
Methode 
zur 
Ermittlung 
oder 
Berechnung 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes im Vergleich zu derjenigen 
Methode, 
die 
bei 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zur Anwendung kam, 
eingetreten ist oder eintreten wird, was dazu führt 
oder führen wird, dass der gemäß der neuen 
Methode berechnete Referenz[zins]satz nicht 
mehr den Referenz[zins]satz repräsentiert oder 
repräsentieren 
wird 
oder 
zu 
repräsentieren 
geeignet ist oder geeignet sein wird oder aus 
sonstigen 
Gründen 
seinem 
wirtschaftlichen 
Gehalt 
nach 
nicht 
mehr 
mit 
dem 
Referenz[zins]satz vergleichbar ist, der mit der 
bei Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen zur 
Anwendung gekommenen Methode ermittelt oder 
berechnet wurde; oder 
determining 
or 
calculating 
the 
Reference 
[Interest] Rate as compared to the methodology 
used at the time of the issuance of the Notes, or a 
public statement by the administrator of the 
Reference [Interest] Rate or by the supervisor of 
the administrator of the Reference [Interest] Rate 
that a material change in the methodology of 
determining 
or 
calculating 
the 
Reference 
[Interest] Rate as compared to the methodology 
used at the time of the issuance of the Notes, has 
occurred or will occur which results or will result in 
the Reference [Interest] Rate, calculated in 
accordance with the new methodology, no longer 
representing, 
or 
being 
apt 
to 
represent 
adequately, the Reference [Interest] Rate or in 
terms of economic substance no longer being 
comparable to the Reference [Interest] Rate 
determined or calculated in accordance with the 
methodology used at the time of the issuance of 
the Notes; or 
(d) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung durch die für 
den 
Administrator 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes 
zuständige 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
dass 
der 
Referenz[zins]satz für den zugrundeliegenden 
Markt oder die wirtschaftliche Realität dauerhaft 
und unabänderlich nicht mehr repräsentativ ist; 
oder 
(d) a public statement is made by the supervisor 
of the administrator of the Reference [Interest] 
Rate that the Reference [Interest] Rate is no 
longer representative of an underlying market or 
economic 
reality 
on 
a 
permanent 
and 
irremediable basis; or 
(e) die Anwendbarkeit eines Gesetzes oder einer 
sonstigen 
Rechtsvorschrift 
oder 
einer 
behördlichen 
oder 
gerichtlichen 
Anordnung, 
Verfügung 
oder 
sonstigen 
verbindlichen 
Maßnahme, die unmittelbar dazu führt, dass der 
Referenz[zins]satz nicht mehr als Referenzsatz 
zur Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
unter den Schuldverschreibungen verwendet 
werden darf oder nach der eine derartige 
Verwendung 
nicht 
nur 
unwesentlichen 
Beschränkungen 
oder 
nachteiligen 
Folgen 
unterliegt. 
(e) the applicability of any law or any other legal 
provision, or of any administrative or judicial 
order, decree or other binding measure, pursuant 
to which the Reference [Interest] Rate may no 
longer be used as a reference rate to determine 
the payment obligations under the Notes, or 
pursuant to which any such use is subject to not 
only 
immaterial 
restrictions 
or 
adverse 
consequences. 
"Amtliches 
Ersetzungskonzept" 
bezeichnet 
eine verbindliche oder unverbindliche öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung von (i) der EU-Kommission 
oder 
eines 
EU-Mitgliedstaates 
unter 
Berücksichtigung 
der 
Empfehlung 
einer 
Arbeitsgruppe für alternative Referenzzinssätze, 
die unter der Schirmherrschaft der Zentralbank 
tätig ist, die für die Währung zuständig ist, auf die 
die Zinssätze der Ersatz-Benchmark laute, sofern 
verfügbar, 
oder 
(ii) 
einer 
der 
folgenden 
Einrichtungen, vorausgesetzt, dass sie für die 
Abgabe einer solchen Erklärung zuständig sind: 
eine Zentralbank, eine Aufsichtsbehörde oder ein 
öffentlich-rechtlich konstituiertes oder besetztes 
Aufsichts- oder Fachgremium der Finanzbranche, 
wonach 
ein 
bestimmter 
Referenzsatz, 
"Official Substitution Concept" means any 
binding or non-binding public statement by (i) the 
EU Commission or any EU Member State taking 
into 
account, 
where 
available, 
the 
recommendation by an alternative reference rate 
working group operating under the auspices of 
the central bank responsible for the currency in 
which the interest rates of the replacement 
benchmark are denominated or (ii) any of the 
following 
entities 
provided 
that 
they 
are 
competent to make such statement: a central 
bank, a supervisory authority or a supervisory or 
expert body of the financial sector established 
under public law or composed of publicly 
appointed members pursuant to which a certain 
reference rate, subject to certain adjustments (if

--- Page 119 ---
119 
gegebenenfalls 
unter 
Vornahme 
bestimmter 
Anpassungen, 
an 
die 
Stelle 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes treten solle oder könne oder 
wonach 
ein 
bestimmtes 
Verfahren 
zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen, die 
ansonsten 
unter 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Referenz[zins]satz bestimmt werden würden, zur 
Anwendung gelangen solle oder könne. 
any), should or could be used to replace the 
Reference [Interest] Rate or pursuant to which a 
certain procedure should or could be used in 
order to determine payment obligations which 
would otherwise be determined by reference to 
the Reference [Interest] Rate. 
"Branchenlösung" bezeichnet eine öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung der International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association (ISDA), der International 
Capital 
Markets 
Association 
(ICMA), 
der 
Association for Financial Markets in Europe 
(AFME), der Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (SIFMA), der SIFMA Asset 
Management Group (SIFMA AMG), der Loan 
Markets Association (LMA), des Deutschen 
Derivate Verbands (DDV), des Zertifikate Forum 
Österreich 
oder 
eines 
sonstigen 
privaten 
Branchenverbands der Finanzwirtschaft, wonach 
ein bestimmter Referenzsatz, gegebenenfalls 
unter Vornahme bestimmter Anpassungen, an die 
Stelle des Referenz[zins]satzes treten solle oder 
könne oder wonach ein bestimmtes Verfahren zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen, die 
ansonsten 
unter 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Referenz[zins]satz bestimmt werden würden, zur 
Anwendung gelangen solle oder könne. 
"Industry Solution" means any public statement 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association (ISDA), the International Capital 
Markets Association (ICMA), the Association for 
Financial 
Markets 
in 
Europe 
(AFME), 
the 
Securities 
Industry 
and 
Financial 
Markets 
Association 
(SIFMA), 
the 
SIFMA 
Asset 
Management Group (SIFMA AMG), the Loan 
Markets 
Association 
(LMA), 
the 
Deutsche 
Derivate Verbands (DDV), the Zertifikate Forum 
Austria or any other private association of the 
financial industry pursuant to which a certain 
reference rate, subject to certain adjustments (if 
any), should or could be used to replace the 
Reference [Interest] Rate or pursuant to which a 
certain procedure should or could be used in 
order to determine payment obligations which 
would otherwise be determined by reference to 
the Reference [Interest] Rate. 
"Allgemein Akzeptierte Marktpraxis" bezeichnet 
die 
übliche 
Verwendung 
eines 
bestimmten 
Referenzsatzes, gegebenenfalls unter Vornahme 
bestimmter 
Anpassungen, 
anstelle 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes oder die vertragliche oder 
anderweitige 
Regelung 
eines 
bestimmten 
Verfahrens 
zur 
Bestimmung 
von 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen, die ansonsten unter 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Referenz[zins]satz 
bestimmt worden wären, in einer Vielzahl von 
Anleiheemissionen 
nach 
dem 
Eintritt 
eines 
Benchmark-Ereignisses 
oder 
eine 
sonstige 
allgemein akzeptierte Marktpraxis zur Ersetzung 
des Referenz[zins]satzes als Referenzsatz für die 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen. 
"Generally Accepted Market Practice" means 
the customary use of a certain reference rate, 
subject to certain adjustments (if any), as 
substitute rate for the Reference [Interest] Rate or 
of provisions, contractual or otherwise, providing 
for a certain procedure to determine payment 
obligations which would otherwise have been 
determined by reference to the Reference 
[Interest] Rate in a material number of bond 
issues following the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Event, or any other generally accepted market 
practice to replace the Reference [Interest] Rate 
as reference rate for the determination of 
payment obligations. 
Für die Zwecke dieses Unterabsatzes bezeichnet 
der "Unabhängige Berater" ein unabhängiges 
Finanzinstitut von internationaler Reputation oder 
einen anderen unabhängigen Finanzberater in 
der Eurozone mit Erfahrung am internationalen 
Kapitalmarkt, der jeweils von der Emittentin auf 
ihre eigenen Kosten ernannt wird. 
For 
the 
purposes 
of 
this 
subparagraph 
"Independent Advisor" means an independent 
financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial advisor in the Euro zone 
experienced in the international capital markets, 
in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense. 
Der Unabhängige Berater oder die Emittentin (je 
nachdem) 
sind 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
berechtigt, aber nicht verpflichtet, in Bezug auf 
ein und dasselbe Benchmark-Ereignis mehrfach 
einen Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz nach Maßgabe 
der Bestimmungen dieses Unterabsatzes zu 
bestimmen, wenn diese spätere Bestimmung 
besser 
geeignet 
ist 
als 
die 
jeweils 
vorangegangene, 
das 
Ersetzungsziel 
zu 
erreichen. 
Die 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
The Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) is entitled, but not obliged, to 
determine, in its due discretion, a Substitute 
Reference [Interest] Rate pursuant 
to the 
provisions of this subparagraph several times in 
relation to the same Benchmark Event, provided 
that each later determination is better suitable 
than the earlier one to realise the Substitution 
Objective. The provisions of this subparagraph 
shall also apply mutatis mutandis in the event of a

--- Page 120 ---
120 
Unterabsatzes gelten auch entsprechend für den 
Fall, dass in Bezug auf einen vom Unabhängigen 
Berater oder von der Emittentin (je nachdem) 
zuvor bestimmten Alternativ-Referenz[zins]satz 
ein Benchmark-Ereignis eintritt. 
Benchmark Event occurring in relation to any 
Alternative Reference [Interest] Rate previously 
determined by the Independent Advisor or the 
Issuer (as the case may be). 
Hat der Unabhängige Berater oder die Emittentin 
(je nachdem) nach Eintritt eines Benchmark-
Ereignisses 
einen 
Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz 
bestimmt, so wird veranlasst, dass der Eintritt des 
Benchmark-Ereignisses, der vom Unabhängigen 
Berater oder von der Emittentin (je nachdem) 
bestimmte Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz sowie alle 
weiteren 
damit 
zusammenhängenden 
Festsetzungen des Unabhängigen Beraters oder 
der Emittentin (je nachdem) gemäß diesem 
Unterabsatz der Berechnungsstelle und den 
Gläubigern gemäß § 10 baldmöglichst, aber 
keinesfalls später als am vierten auf die 
Bestimmung 
des 
Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satzes 
folgenden Geschäftstag sowie jeder Börse, an 
der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln 
eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
die 
Börse 
verlangen, 
baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls später als zu 
Beginn der Zinsperiode, ab der der Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz erstmals anzuwenden ist, 
mitgeteilt werden.]] 
If the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) has determined a Substitute 
Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate 
following 
the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event, it will cause 
the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, the 
Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate determined 
by the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) and any further determinations of 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) pursuant to this subparagraph 
associated therewith to be notified to the 
Calculation 
Agent 
and 
to 
the 
Holders 
in 
accordance with § 10 as soon as possible, but in 
no event later than the fourth Business Day 
following the determination of the Substitute 
Reference [Interest] Rate and, if required by the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are from time to time listed, to such stock 
exchange as soon as possible, but in no event 
later than the first day of the Interest Period to 
which the Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate 
applies for the first time.]] 
[Im Falle einer Fix-to-Floating Verzinsung, 
einfügen:  
[In case of Fix-to-Floating interest, insert:  
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Festverzinsung. 
(1) Fixed Interest. 
(a) Festzinssatz und Festzinszahlungstage. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
ihres 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum 
[Zinssatzwechseltag 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Zinssatzwechseltag") 
(ausschließlich) 
(der 
"Erste 
Zeitraum") 
mit 
[Ersten 
Zinssatz 
einfügen]% per annum (der "Erste Zinssatz") 
[Im Fall einer kurzen oder langen ersten 
Zinsperiode einfügen: Mit Ausnahme der ersten 
Zinszahlung sind die Zinsen] [im Fall von 
ausschließlich regulären Festzinszahlungen 
einfügen: Die Zinsen sind] für den Ersten 
Zeitraum] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
vierteljährlichen 
Festzinszahlungen einfügen: vierteljährlich] [im 
Fall von halbjährlichen Festzinszahlungen 
einfügen: halbjährlich] [im Fall von jährlichen 
Festzinszahlungen 
einfügen: 
jährlich] 
nachträglich 
am 
[Festzinszahlungstage 
einfügen] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar (jeweils ein 
"Festzinszahlungstag"), beginnend mit dem 
[ersten Festzinszahlungstag einfügen] und 
endend mit dem [letzten Festzinszahlungstag 
einfügen]. Die Festzinszahlungstage unterliegen 
einer Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in 
(a) Fixed Rate of Interest and Fixed Interest 
Payment Dates. The Notes shall bear interest on 
their outstanding aggregate principal amount at 
the rate of [insert First Rate of Interest] per 
cent. per annum (the "First Rate of Interest") 
from, 
and 
including, 
[insert 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest 
Commencement Date") to, but excluding, [insert 
Interest Rate Change Date] (the "Interest Rate 
Change Date") (the "First Period"). [In case of a 
short or long first interest period insert: With 
the exception of the first payment of interest, 
interest] [in case of Notes which have only 
regular fixed interest payments insert: Interest] 
for the First Period] shall be payable [in case of 
quarterly fixed interest payments insert: 
quarterly] [in case of semi-annual fixed interest 
payments insert: semi-annually] [in case of 
annual 
fixed 
interest 
payments 
insert: 
annually] in arrear on [insert Fixed Interest 
Payment Dates] in each year (each such date, a 
"Fixed Interest Payment Date"), commencing on 
[insert first Fixed Interest Payment Date] and 
ending on [insert last Fixed Interest Payment 
Date]. Fixed Interest Payment Dates are subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the provisions

--- Page 121 ---
121 
§ 4 (3) enthaltenen Bestimmungen. 
set out in § 4 (3). 
(b) Berechnung des Zinsbetrags. Falls der auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlende Zinsbetrag 
für einen bestimmten Zeitraum von weniger oder 
mehr als einem Jahr innerhalb des Ersten 
Zeitraums 
zu 
berechnen 
ist, 
erfolgt 
die 
Berechnung des Zinsbetrags, indem der Erste 
Zinssatz 
auf 
die 
festgelegte 
Stückelung 
angewendet 
wird, 
dieser 
Betrag 
mit 
dem 
Festzinstagequotienten 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
multipliziert 
und 
das 
hieraus 
resultierende 
Ergebnis 
auf 
die 
nächste 
Untereinheit der festgelegten Währung gerundet 
wird, wobei eine halbe Untereinheit aufgerundet 
wird oder die Rundung ansonsten gemäß der 
anwendbaren Marktkonvention erfolgt. 
(b) Calculation of Amount of Interest. If the 
amount of interest payable under the Notes is 
required to be calculated for any period of time of 
less or more than a full year in the First Period 
such amount of interest shall be calculated by 
applying the First Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Fixed Day Count Fraction (as defined 
below), and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency, half of 
such 
sub-unit 
being 
rounded 
upwards 
or 
otherwise in accordance with the applicable 
market convention.  
 
(c) Festzinstagequotient. "Festzinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung eines 
Zinsbetrags auf eine Schuldverschreibung für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
(c) Fixed Day Count Fraction. "Fixed Day Count 
Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of 
an amount of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
[falls Actual/Actual (ICMA) anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
[In case Actual/Actual (ICMA) applies, insert: 
1. 
falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum kürzer 
ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, 
oder falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum der 
Feststellungsperiode entspricht, die Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch das 
Produkt 
aus: 
(x) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage in der Feststellungsperiode; 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine 
(wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr; oder 
1. 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Calculation Period ends, 
the number of calendar days in such 
Calculation Period divided by the product 
of: (x) the number of calendar days in such 
Determination Period; and (y) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified below) 
that would occur in one calendar year; or 
2. 
falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger 
ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, 
die Summe aus: 
2. 
if the Calculation Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the 
Calculation Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
der Anzahl der Kalendertage in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, 
in 
welcher 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
beginnt, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus: (x) der 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in der 
Feststellungsperiode; 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungstermine in 
einem Kalenderjahr; und 
(A) 
the number of calendar days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the 
Calculation Period begins divided by 
the product of: (x) the number of 
calendar days in such Determination 
Period: 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Dates 
that 
would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
der Anzahl der Kalendertage in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
nächste Feststellungsperiode fallen, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus: (x) der 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in dieser 
Feststellungsperiode; 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungstermine in 
einem Kalenderjahr.  
(B) 
the number of calendar days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the 
product 
of: 
(x) the 
number 
of 
calendar days in such Determination 
Period: 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Dates 
that 
would 
occur in one calendar year.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
"Feststellungsperiode" ist der Zeitraum von 
einem Feststellungstermin (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
nächsten 
Feststellungstermin 
(ausschließlich); dies schließt dann, wenn der 
Verzinsungsbeginn kein Feststellungstermin ist, 
den 
Zeitraum 
ein, 
der 
an 
dem 
ersten 
Feststellungstermin vor dem Verzinsungsbeginn 
anfängt, 
und 
dann, 
wenn 
der 
letzte 
Festzinszahlungstag kein Feststellungstermin ist, 
den 
Zeitraum 
ein, 
der 
an 
dem 
ersten 
Feststellungstermin 
nach 
dem 
letzten 
Festzinszahlungstag endet. 
"Determination Period" means the period from, 
and including, a Determination Date to, but 
excluding, the next Determination Date (including, 
where the Interest Commencement Date is not a 
Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to the Interest 
Commencement Date, and where the final Fixed 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination 
Date, the first Determination Date falling after the 
final Fixed Interest Payment Date, as the case 
may be). 
Die 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine 
im 
Kalenderjahr (jeweils ein "Feststellungstermin") 
beträgt 
[Anzahl 
der 
regulären 
Festzinszahlungstage 
im 
Kalenderjahr 
einfügen].] 
The number of interest determination dates per 
calendar year (each a "Determination Date") is 
[insert number of regular fixed interest 
payment dates per calendar year].] 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ISDA) anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, 
die Summe aus: (x) der tatsächlichen Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
in 
dem 
Teil 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die in das Schaltjahr 
fallen, dividiert durch 366; und (y) die tatsächliche 
Anzahl von Kalendertagen in dem Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
die 
nicht 
in 
ein 
Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 365).] 
[In case Actual/Actual (ISDA) applies, insert: 
the actual number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
calculation portion of that Calculation Period falls 
in a leap year, the sum of: (x) the actual number 
of calendar days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366; and 
(y) the actual number of calendar days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-
leap year divided by 365).]  
[Falls 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 365.] 
[In case Actual/365 (Fixed) applies, insert: the 
actual number of calendar days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.] 
[Falls Actual/360 anwendbar ist, einfügen: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[In case Actual/360 applies, insert: the actual 
number of calendar days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360.] 
[Falls 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der 
Kalendertage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Kalendertagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 
Kalendertagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn: 
(x) der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
fällt 
auf 
den 
31. Kalendertag eines Monats, während der erste 
Kalendertag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
weder 
auf 
den 
30. 
noch 
auf 
den 
31. Kalendertag  eines Monats fällt, wobei in 
diesem 
Fall 
der 
den 
letzten 
Kalendertag 
enthaltende 
Monat 
nicht 
als 
ein 
auf 
30 
Kalendertage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist; 
oder 
(y) der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten 
Kalendertag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln ist).]  
[In case 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
applies, insert: the number of calendar days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number 
of calendar days to be calculated on the basis of 
a year of 360 calendar days with twelve 30-
calendar day months (unless: (x) the last calendar 
day of the Calculation Period is the 31st calendar 
day of a month but the first calendar day of the 
Calculation Period is a calendar day other than 
the 30th or 31st calendar day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last calendar 
day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 
30-calendar day month; or (y) the last calendar 
day of the Calculation Period is the last calendar 
day of the month of February in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-calendar day month).]

--- Page 123 ---
123 
[Falls 
30E/360 
oder 
Eurobond 
Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 360 (wobei die Anzahl der 
Kalendertage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Kalendertagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 
30 Kalendertagen zu ermitteln ist, und zwar ohne 
Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten 
Kalendertages 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei denn, der 
Fälligkeitstag 
ist, 
im 
Fall 
des 
letzten 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
der 
letzte 
Kalendertag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln ist).] 
[In case 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis applies, 
insert: the number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of 
calendar days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 calendar days with twelve 30-
calendar day months, without regard to the date 
of the first calendar day or last calendar day of the 
Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last 
calendar day of the month of February, in which 
case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-calendar day 
month).] 
(2) Variable Verzinsung. 
(2) Variable Interest. 
(a) Variable Zinszahlungstage. 
(a) Variable Interest Payment Dates. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden auf der 
Grundlage 
ihres 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags mit dem Variablen Zinssatz 
(wie nachstehend definiert) verzinst, und zwar 
vom Zinssatzwechseltag (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 (1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich) (der "Zweite Zeitraum"). Zinsen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind im Zweiten 
Zeitraum im Nachhinein an jedem Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
zahlbar. 
"Variabler 
Zinszahlungstag" bedeutet jeder [festgelegte 
Variable 
Zinszahlungstage 
einfügen], 
beginnend 
mit 
dem 
[ersten 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen]. 
The Notes shall bear interest on their outstanding 
aggregate principal amount at the Variable Rate 
of Interest (as defined below) from, and including, 
the Interest Rate Change Date to, but excluding, 
the Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)) (the 
"Second Period"). In the Second Period interest 
on the Notes shall be payable in arrear on each 
Variable 
Interest 
Payment 
Date. 
"Variable 
Interest Payment Date" means each [insert 
specified Variable Interest Payment Dates], 
commencing on [insert first Variable Interest 
Payment Date]. 
Variable 
Zinszahlungstage 
unterliegen 
einer 
Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 (4) 
enthaltenen Bestimmungen. 
Variable Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the provisions set 
out in § 4 (4). 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, deren 
Variabler Zinssatz an einen Referenzzinssatz 
gebunden ist, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes the Variable Rate of Interest 
of which is linked to a Reference Interest Rate, 
insert: 
(b) Variabler Zinssatz. Der variable Zinssatz (der 
"Variable 
Zinssatz") 
für 
jede 
Variable 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist der 
[Zahl, 
Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten Referenzzinssatzes einfügen] per 
annum (der "Referenzzinssatz") [im Fall einer 
Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der 
Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)] [im Fall eines 
Faktors einfügen: [und] multipliziert mit dem 
Faktor 
[Faktor 
einfügen]]. 
Bei 
dem 
Referenzzinssatz handelt es sich um den 
Angebotssatz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per 
annum) für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung 
mit 
einer 
Laufzeit, 
die 
der 
Laufzeit 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes 
entspricht, 
der 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite (wie nachstehend definiert) am 
Feststellungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
gegen [relevante Tageszeit einfügen] Uhr 
([relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) 
angezeigt wird, wobei alle Festlegungen durch 
(b) Variable Rate of Interest. The variable rate of 
interest (the "Variable Rate of Interest") for each 
Variable Interest Period (as defined below) shall 
be the [insert number, term and name of 
relevant Reference Interest Rate] per annum 
(the "Reference Interest Rate") [in case of a 
Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin (as 
defined below)] [in case of a Factor insert: [and] 
multiplied by the factor [insert Factor]]. Such 
Reference Interest Rate shall be the offered rate 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
deposits in the Specified Currency with a term, 
which corresponds with the term of the Reference 
Interest Rate, which appears on the Screen Page 
(as defined below) as of [insert relevant time] 
([insert relevant financial centre] time) on the 
Determination Day (as defined below), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (as specified 
in § 6 (1)).

--- Page 124 ---
124 
die Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) angegeben) 
erfolgen. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich nicht ändert einfügen: 
Die "Marge" beträgt [Satz einfügen]% per 
annum.] 
[In case of Notes which have a margin which 
does not change, insert: "Margin" means 
[insert rate] per cent. per annum.] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich ändert, einfügen: Die 
"Marge" beträgt für die Variable[n] Zinsperiode[n] 
[in case of Notes which have a margin which 
changes, insert: "Margin" means in respect of 
the Variable Interest Period[s] 
vom 
(einschließlic
h) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[zuzüglich] 
[/] 
[abzüglich] 
[Marge 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
] 
from, 
and 
including, 
to, 
but 
excluding, 
 
 
[insert date] 
[insert 
date] 
[plus] [/] 
[minus] 
[insert 
Margin] per 
cent. per 
annum 
] 
"Variable Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum 
von dem Zinssatzwechseltag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
ersten 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
bzw 
von 
jedem 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils 
darauf 
folgenden 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
"Variable Interest Period" means each period 
from, and including, the Interest Rate Change 
Date to, but excluding, the first Variable Interest 
Payment Date and from, and including, each 
Variable Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, 
the following Variable Interest Payment Date. 
"Feststellungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[ersten] 
[zweiten] 
[andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen einfügen] Geschäftstag (wie in 
§ 1 (6) definiert) [vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der 
jeweiligen Variablen Zinsperiode. 
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] 
[insert other relevant number of Business 
Days] Business Day (as defined in § 1 (6)) [prior 
to the [commencement] [end]] of the relevant 
Variable Interest Period. 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
oder 
die 
Nachfolgeseite, 
die 
von 
dem 
gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des Referenzzinssatzes benannt 
wird, angezeigt wird. 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen 
Page] or the successor page displayed by the 
same 
information 
provider 
or 
any 
other 
information provider nominated by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement information provider for 
the purposes of displaying the Reference Interest 
Rate. 
Sollte 
die 
Bildschirmseite 
nicht 
mehr 
zur 
Verfügung 
stehen, 
oder 
wird 
der 
Referenzzinssatz zu der genannten Zeit am 
relevanten 
Feststellungstag 
nicht 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt, 
wird 
die 
Berechnungsstelle von jeder der Referenzbanken 
(wie nachstehend definiert) deren jeweiligen Satz 
(jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt) 
anfordern, 
zu 
dem 
sie 
Einlagen 
in 
der 
festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die der 
Laufzeit des Referenzzinssatzes entspricht, um 
ca 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) 
am Feststellungstag anbieten. 
If the Screen Page is unavailable or if the 
Reference Interest Rate does not appear on the 
Screen Page as at such time on the relevant 
Determination Day, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
at which it offers deposits in the Specified 
Currency with a term, which corresponds with the 
term 
of 
the 
Reference 
Interest 
Rate, 
at 
approximately [insert relevant time] ([insert 
relevant 
financial 
centre] 
time) 
on 
the 
Determination Day. 
Falls zwei oder mehr Referenzbanken der 
Berechnungsstelle solche Sätze nennen, gilt als 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such rates, the Reference

--- Page 125 ---
125 
Referenzzinssatz für die relevante Variable 
Zinsperiode 
das 
arithmetische 
Mittel 
(falls 
erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das 
nächste [falls der Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR 
ist, 
einfügen: 
Tausendstel 
Prozent, 
wobei 
0,0005 
aufgerundet 
wird] 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz nicht EURIBOR ist, einfügen: 
Hunderttausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,000005 
aufgerundet wird]) dieser Sätze, wobei alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
erfolgen. 
Interest Rate for such Variable Interest Period 
shall be deemed to be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest [if the 
Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR insert: 
one thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.0005 
being 
rounded 
upwards] 
[if 
the 
Reference Interest Rate is not EURIBOR 
insert: one hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards]) of 
such rates, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
Für den Fall, dass der Referenzzinssatz nicht 
gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen dieses 
Absatzes 
ermittelt 
werden 
kann, 
gilt 
als 
Referenzzinssatz für die relevante Variable 
Zinsperiode der von der Berechnungsstelle 
gemäß ihrem billigen Ermessen bestimmte Satz; 
bei der Bestimmung dieses Satzes richtet sich die 
Berechnungsstelle nach der üblichen Marktpraxis. 
If the Reference Interest Rate cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Reference 
Interest Rate for the relevant Variable Interest 
Period shall be deemed to be the rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion; the Calculation Agent shall take 
general market practice into account when 
determining such rate. 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet [relevante Zahl 
einfügen] 
Großbanken 
im 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz nicht der EURIBOR ist, 
einfügen: 
[relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen]] 
Interbankenmarkt 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR ist, einfügen: der 
Euro-Zone oder im Londoner Interbankenmarkt]. 
"Reference Banks" means [insert relevant 
number] major banks in the [if the Reference 
Interest Rate is not EURIBOR insert: [insert 
relevant financial centre]] interbank market [if 
the Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR 
insert: of the Euro-zone or in the London 
interbank market]. 
[Falls der Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR ist, 
einfügen: "Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet 
derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten der 
Europäischen 
Union, die gemäß dem Vertrag über die 
Gründung 
der 
Europäischen 
Gemeinschaft 
(unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 1957), 
geändert durch den Vertrag über die Europäische 
Union (unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 
1992), den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 
1997 und den Vertrag von Lissabon vom 
13. Dezember 
2007, 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, die einheitliche Währung eingeführt 
haben oder jeweils eingeführt haben werden.]] 
[if the Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR 
insert: "Euro-zone" means the region comprised 
of those member states of the European Union 
that have adopted, or will have adopted from time 
to time, the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam 
Treaty of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon 
of 13 December 2007, as further amended from 
time to time.]] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, deren 
Variabler Zinssatz an einen Referenzsatz 
gebunden ist, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes the Variable Rate of Interest 
of which is linked to a Reference Rate, insert: 
(b) Variabler Zinssatz. Der variable Zinssatz (der 
"Variable 
Zinssatz") 
für 
jede 
Variable 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist [Zahl, 
Laufzeit 
und 
relevanten 
Referenzsatz 
einfügen] per annum (der "Referenzsatz")] [im 
Fall 
einer 
Marge 
einfügen: 
[zuzüglich] 
[abzüglich] 
der 
Marge 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert)] [im Fall eines Faktors einfügen: [und] 
multipliziert mit dem Faktor [Faktor einfügen]]. 
Bei dem Referenzsatz handelt es sich um den 
Swap-Satz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per 
annum) 
für 
Swap-Transaktionen 
in 
der 
festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit von 
[relevanten Zeitraum einfügen], der auf der 
Bildschirmseite (wie nachstehend definiert) am 
Feststellungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
(b) Variable Rate of Interest. The variable rate of 
interest (the "Variable Rate of Interest") for each 
Variable Interest Period (as defined below) shall 
be 
[insert 
number, 
term 
and 
relevant 
Reference Rate] per annum (the "Reference 
Rate")] [in case of a Margin insert: [plus] 
[minus] the Margin (as defined below)] [in case 
of a Factor insert: [and] multiplied by the factor 
[insert Factor]]. Such Reference Rate shall be 
the swap rate (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for swap transactions in the Specified 
Currency with a term of [insert relevant term] 
which appears on the Screen Page (as defined 
below) as of [insert relevant time] ([insert 
relevant 
financial 
centre] 
time) 
on 
the 
Determination Day (as defined below), all as

--- Page 126 ---
126 
gegen [relevante Tageszeit einfügen] Uhr 
([relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) 
angezeigt wird, wobei alle Festlegungen durch 
die Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) angegeben) 
erfolgen. 
determined by the Calculation Agent (as specified 
in § 6 (1)). 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich nicht ändert einfügen: 
Die "Marge" beträgt [Satz einfügen]% per 
annum.] 
[In case of Notes which have a margin which 
does not change, insert: "Margin" means 
[insert rate] per cent. per annum.] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich ändert, einfügen: Die 
"Marge" beträgt für die Variable[n] Zinsperiode[n] 
[in case of Notes which have a margin which 
changes, insert: "Margin" means in respect of 
the Variable Interest Period[s] 
vom 
(einschließlic
h) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[zuzüglich] 
[/] 
[abzüglich] 
[Marge 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
] 
from, 
and 
including, 
to, 
but 
excluding, 
 
 
[insert date] 
[insert 
date] 
[plus] [/] 
[minus] 
[insert 
Margin] per 
cent. per 
annum 
] 
"Variable Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum 
von dem Zinssatzwechseltag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
ersten 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
bzw 
von 
jedem 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils 
darauf 
folgenden 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
"Variable Interest Period" means each period 
from, and including, the Interest Rate Change 
Date to, but excluding, the first Variable Interest 
Payment Date and from, and including, each 
Variable Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, 
the following Variable Interest Payment Date. 
"Feststellungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[ersten] 
[zweiten] 
[andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen einfügen] Geschäftstag (wie in 
§ 1 (6) definiert) [vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der 
jeweiligen Variablen Zinsperiode. 
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] 
[insert other relevant number of Business 
Days] Business Day (as defined in § 1 (6)) [prior 
to the [commencement] [end]] of the relevant 
Variable Interest Period. 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
oder 
die 
Nachfolgeseite, 
die 
von 
dem 
gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des Referenzsatzes benannt wird, 
angezeigt wird. 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen 
Page] or the successor page displayed by the 
same 
information 
provider 
or 
any 
other 
information provider nominated by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement information provider for 
the purposes of displaying the Reference Rate. 
Sollte 
die 
Bildschirmseite 
nicht 
mehr 
zur 
Verfügung stehen, oder wird der Referenzsatz zu 
der 
genannten 
Zeit 
am 
relevanten 
Feststellungstag nicht auf der Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt, wird die Berechnungsstelle von jeder 
der Referenzbanken (wie nachstehend definiert) 
deren 
jeweiligen 
Marktmittelkurs 
für 
den 
Swapsatz (jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum 
ausgedrückt), 
um 
ca 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Ortszeit) 
am 
Feststellungstag 
anfordern. "Marktmittelkurs für den Swapsatz" 
bezeichnet das Mittel der Geld- und Briefkurse für 
den 
festverzinslichen 
Teil 
einer 
If the Screen Page is unavailable or if the 
Reference Rate does not appear on the Screen 
Page 
as 
at 
such 
time 
on 
the 
relevant 
Determination Day, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
mid-market 
swap 
rate 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage rate per annum) at approximately 
[insert relevant time] ([insert relevant financial 
centre] time) on the Determination Day. "Mid-
market swap rate" means the mean of the bid 
and offered rates for the fixed leg of a fixed-for-
floating rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency where the floating leg is equivalent to

--- Page 127 ---
127 
Zinsswaptransaktion 
in 
der 
festgelegten 
Währung, bei der ein fester Zinssatz gegen einen 
variablen Zinssatz getauscht wird, wobei der 
variabel verzinsliche Teil dem [Zahl, Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzsatzes einfügen] per annum entspricht, 
der auf [relevante Bildschirmseite einfügen] 
(oder der Nachfolgeseite, die von dem gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des [Zahl, Laufzeit und 
Bezeichnung des relevanten Referenzsatzes 
einfügen] benannt wird), angezeigt wird. 
[insert number, term and relevant Reference 
Rate] per annum, which appears on [insert 
relevant screen page] (or the successor page 
displayed by the same information provider or any 
other information provider nominated by the 
Calculation Agent as the replacement information 
provider for the purposes of displaying the [insert 
number, term and relevant Reference Rate]. 
Falls drei oder mehr Referenzbanken 
der 
Berechnungsstelle solche Sätze nennen, gilt als 
Referenzsatz 
für 
die 
relevante 
Variable 
Zinsperiode 
das 
arithmetische 
Mittel 
(falls 
erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das 
nächste 
Hunderttausendstel 
Prozent, 
wobei 
0,000005 aufgerundet wird) dieser Sätze, wobei 
der höchste Satz (oder, falls es mehrere gleich 
hohe Höchstsätze geben sollte, einer dieser 
Höchstsätze) und der niedrigste Satz (oder, falls 
es mehrere gleich niedrige Niedrigstsätze geben 
sollte, 
einer 
dieser 
Niedrigstsätze) 
unberücksichtigt bleiben, wobei alle Festlegungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
If three or more of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such rates, the 
Reference Rate for the relevant Variable Interest 
Period shall be deemed to be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such rates 
eliminating the highest rate (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and the lowest rate 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest), all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Für den Fall, dass der Referenzsatz nicht gemäß 
den 
vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
Absatzes 
ermittelt 
werden 
kann, 
gilt 
als 
Referenzsatz für die relevante Zinsperiode der 
von der Berechnungsstelle gemäß ihrem billigen 
Ermessen bestimmte Satz; bei der Bestimmung 
dieses Satzes richtet sich die Berechnungsstelle 
nach der üblichen Marktpraxis.] 
If the Reference Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Reference Rate for the relevant 
Variable Interest Period shall be deemed to be 
the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion; the Calculation Agent shall 
take general market practice into account when 
determining such rate.]  
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet [relevante Zahl 
einfügen] 
Großbanken 
im 
[falls 
der 
Referenzsatz 
kein 
Euro-Swapsatz 
ist, 
einfügen: 
[relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen]] 
Interbankenmarkt 
[falls 
der 
Referenzsatz ein Euro-Swapsatz ist, einfügen: 
der 
Euro-Zone 
oder 
im 
Londoner 
Interbankenmarkt]. 
"Reference Banks" means [insert relevant 
number] major banks in the [if the Reference 
Rate is not a Euro swap rate insert: [insert 
relevant financial centre]] interbank market [if 
the Reference Rate is a Euro swap rate insert: 
of the Euro-zone or in the London interbank 
market].  
[Falls der Referenzsatz ein Euro-Swapsatz ist, 
einfügen: "Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet 
derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten der 
Europäischen 
Union, die gemäß dem Vertrag über die 
Gründung 
der 
Europäischen 
Gemeinschaft 
(unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 1957), 
geändert durch den Vertrag über die Europäische 
Union (unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 
1992), den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 
1997 und den Vertrag von Lissabon vom 
13. Dezember 
2007, 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, die einheitliche Währung eingeführt 
haben oder jeweils eingeführt haben werden.]] 
[If the Reference Rate is a Euro swap rate 
insert: "Euro-zone" means the region comprised 
of those member states of the European Union 
that have adopted, or will have adopted from time 
to time, the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam 
Treaty of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon 
of 13 December 2007, as further amended from 
time to time.]] 
[Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit 
einem 
inflationsabhängigen 
Zinssatz 
[In case of Notes with an inflation linked

--- Page 128 ---
128 
einfügen: 
interest rate insert: 
(b) Variabler Zinssatz. Der variable Zinssatz (der 
"Variable 
Zinssatz") 
für 
jede 
Variable 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist wird 
als Zinssatz in Prozent per annum ("Ian(t)") 
ausgedrückt und von der Berechnungsstelle 
gemäß folgender Formel bestimmt: 
(b) Variable Rate of Interest. The variable rate of 
interest (the "Variable Rate of Interest") for each 
Variable Interest Period (as defined below) shall 
be expressed as a rate in per cent per annum 
("Ian(t)") and calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Ian(t) = [ Min{ ] [ Max{ ] ((HVPI(t) – HVPI(t-1)) / 
HVPI(t-1)) [*100] [* Faktor] [+] [-] [Zuschlag] 
[Abschlag] [; Wert } ] [+] [-] [Marge] 
Ian(t) = [ Min{ ] [ Max{ ] (HICP(t) – HICP(t-1)) / 
HICP(t-1) [*100] [* Factor] [+] [-] [Surcharge] 
[Reduction] [;Value } ] [+] [-] [Margin] 
"HVPI(t)" bezeichnet den Stand des HVPI, wie er 
in Bezug auf [Bezugszeitraum (t) einfügen] 
veröffentlicht wird. 
"HICP(t)" means the level of the HICP that is 
published by reference to the [insert reference 
period(t)]. 
"HVPI(t-1)" bezeichnet den Stand des HVPI, der 
in Bezug auf [Bezugszeitraum (t-1) einfügen] 
veröffentlicht wird. 
"HICP(t-1)" means the level of the HICP that is 
published by reference to the [insert reference 
period(t-1)]. 
["Abschlag" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] 
[Anzahl von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit 
[Höhe des Abschlags einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Reduction" means a defined [number] [number 
of percentage points] and has been determined 
as [Insert amount of reduction].] 
["Zuschlag" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] 
[Anzahl von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit 
[Höhe des Zuschlags einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Surcharge" means a defined [number] [number 
of percentage points] and has been determined 
as [Insert amount of surcharge].] 
["Wert" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] [Anzahl 
von Prozentpunkten], die für einen Zinssatz steht, 
und wurde mit [Höhe des Wertes einfügen] 
festgelegt.] 
["Value" means a defined [number] [number of 
percentage points] which stands for a percentage 
rate, and has been determined as [Insert amount 
of value].] 
["Faktor" 
bedeutet 
eine 
definierte 
Zahl 
(Multiplikator des Inflationszinssatzes) und wurde 
mit [Höhe des Faktors einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Factor" means a defined number (a multiplier of 
the Inflation Rate) and has been determined as 
[Insert amount of factor].] 
["Marge" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] [Anzahl 
von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit [Höhe der 
Marge einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Margin" means a defined [number] [number of 
percentage points] and has been determined as 
[Insert amount of factor].] 
"HVPI" 
oder 
"Index" 
ist 
der 
unrevidierte 
Harmonisierte 
Verbraucherpreisindex 
(ohne 
Tabak) für die Euro-Zone (wie nachstehend 
definiert), der monatlich vom Statistischen Amt 
der Europäischen Gemeinschaft (nachfolgend 
"EUROSTAT" oder "Indexsponsor" genannt) 
berechnet 
wird, 
und 
welcher 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
am 
Feststellungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) veröffentlicht wird. 
"HICP" or "Index" is the unrevised Harmonised 
Index of Consumer Prices (excluding Tobacco) 
for the Euro-Zone (as defined below), which is 
calculated on a monthly basis by the statistical 
office of the European Union (the "EUROSTAT" 
or the "Index Sponsor") and published on the 
Screen Page on the Determination Day (as 
defined below). 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
oder 
die 
Nachfolgeseite, 
die 
von 
dem 
gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des Index benannt wird, 
angezeigt wird. 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen 
Page] or the successor page displayed by the 
same 
information 
provider 
or 
any 
other 
information provider nominated by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement information provider for 
the purposes of displaying the Index. 
Falls die Bildschirmseite nicht länger existiert und 
keine offizielle Nachfolgeseite bekannt gegeben 
wird, wird die Berechnungsstelle eine alternative 
Referenz für den Index festlegen. 
If the Screen Page ceases to exist and no official 
successor page is announced, the Calculation 
Agent will determine other reference with respect 
to the Index. 
Im Fall einer Änderung eines veröffentlichten 
Indexstandes, der nach mehr als 24 Stunden 
In case of any amendment of the published index 
level 24 hours after the first publication, the index

--- Page 129 ---
129 
nach der ersten Veröffentlichung erfolgt, soll in 
jedem 
Fall 
der 
zunächst 
ursprünglich 
veröffentlichte 
Indexstand 
zur 
Berechnung 
maßgeblich sein. 
level published first shall, in any case, be 
applicable to the calculation. 
Wird der Index nicht mehr vom Indexsponsor, 
sondern von einer anderen Person, Gesellschaft 
oder Institution, die die Berechnungsstelle für 
geeignet 
hält 
(der 
"Nachfolgesponsor") 
berechnet 
und 
veröffentlicht, 
so 
wird 
der 
anwendbare Zinssatz auf der Grundlage des vom 
Nachfolgesponsor 
berechneten 
und 
veröffentlichten 
Index 
berechnet. 
Jede 
hier 
enthaltene Bezugnahme auf den Indexsponsor 
gilt, sofern es der Zusammenhang erlaubt, als 
Bezugnahme auf den Nachfolgesponsor. 
If the Index is not calculated and published by the 
Index Sponsor any more but by another person, 
corporation or institution, which the Calculation 
Agent 
considers 
suitable 
(the 
"Successor 
Sponsor"), the applicable Rate of Interest shall 
be calculated on the basis of the Index calculated 
and published by the Successor Sponsor. Any 
reference to Index Sponsor contained herein, 
shall, in this context, be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Sponsor. 
Wird der Index zu irgendeiner Zeit aufgehoben 
und/oder durch einen anderen Index ersetzt, legt 
die Berechnungsstelle nach billigem Ermessen 
fest, welcher Index künftig für die Berechnung 
des anwendbaren Zinssatzes zugrunde zu legen 
ist (der "Nachfolgeindex"). Der Nachfolgeindex 
sowie 
der 
Zeitpunkt 
seiner 
erstmaligen 
Anwendung werden so bald wie möglich jedoch 
keinesfalls später als am Zinsenfestlegungstag 
bekannt 
gemacht. 
Jede 
hier 
enthaltene 
Bezugnahme auf den Index gilt, sofern es der 
Zusammenhang erlaubt, als Bezugnahme auf 
den Nachfolgeindex. 
If at any time the Index is cancelled and/or 
replaced by any other index, the Calculation 
Agent 
shall, 
at 
its 
reasonable 
discretion, 
determine 
the 
Index 
which 
the 
following 
calculation of the applicable Rate of Interest will 
be based on (the "Successor Index"). The 
Successor Index and the time of its first 
application will be announced as soon as possible 
but not later than on the Determination Date. Any 
reference to the Index contained herein, shall, in 
this context, be deemed to refer to the Successor 
Index. 
Ist nach Ansicht der Berechnungsstelle: (i) die 
Festlegung eines Nachfolgeindex aus welchen 
Gründen 
auch 
immer 
nicht 
möglich; 
oder 
(ii) nimmt der Indexsponsor eine wesentliche 
Veränderung 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Berechnungsmethode zur Bestimmung des Index 
vor oder verändert der Indexsponsor den Index 
auf irgendeine andere Weise wesentlich, wird die 
Berechnungsstelle 
die 
Weiterrechnung 
und 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Indexstandes 
unter 
Berücksichtigung des Grundsatzes von Treu und 
Glauben und in wirtschaftlich vernünftiger Art und 
Weise durchführen. 
If according to the Calculation Agent’s opinion: 
(i) the determination of the Successor Index is, for 
whatever reason, not possible; or (ii) the Index 
Sponsor significantly changes the method of 
calculating the Index or the Index Sponsor 
significantly changes the Index in any other way, 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
shall 
make 
further 
calculations and publications of the index level 
acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
"Euro Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen Union, die 
gemäß dem Vertrag über die Gründung der 
Europäischen Gemeinschaft (unterzeichnet in 
Rom am 25. März 1957), geändert durch den 
Vertrag 
über 
die 
Europäische 
Union 
(unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 1992) 
und dem Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 
1997, 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, 
eine 
einheitliche Währung eingeführt haben oder 
jeweils eingeführt haben werden. 
"Euro-Zone" means the area of the member 
states of the European Union which have adopted 
or will adopt a single currency pursuant to the 
Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed on 25 March 1957 in Rome), as amended 
by the Treaty on the European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992) and pursuant to 
the Amsterdam Treaty of 2 October 1997, as 
amended from time to time. 
"Variable Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum 
von dem Zinssatzwechseltag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
ersten 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
bzw 
von 
jedem 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils 
darauf 
folgenden 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
"Variable Interest Period" means each period 
from, and including, the Interest Rate Change 
Date to, but excluding, the first Variable Interest 
Payment Date and from, and including, each 
Variable Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, 
the following Variable Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
(ausschließlich). 
"Feststellungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[ersten] 
[zweiten] 
[andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen einfügen] Geschäftstag (wie in 
§ 1 (6) definiert) [vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der 
jeweiligen Variablen Zinsperiode.] 
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] 
[insert other relevant number of Business 
Days] Business Day (as defined in § 1 (6)) [prior 
to the [commencement] [end]] of the relevant 
Variable Interest Period.] 
[Ende 
der 
Bestimmungen 
für 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
einem 
inflationsabhängigen Zinssatz] 
[End of provisions for Notes with an inflation 
linked interest rate] 
[Falls 
ein 
Mindest- 
und/oder 
ein 
Höchstzinssatz für den Variablen Zinssatz gilt, 
einfügen: 
[If a Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of 
Interest for the Variable Rate of Interest 
applies, insert: 
(c) [Mindest-] [und] [Höchst-] [und] [Memory-] 
Zinssatz. 
(c) [Minimum] [and] [Maximum] [and] [Memory] 
Rate of Interest. 
[Falls ein Mindestzinssatz gilt, einfügen: 
Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für 
eine Variable Zinsperiode ermittelte Variable 
Zinssatz niedriger ist 
als 
[Mindestzinssatz 
einfügen]% per annum, so ist der Variable 
Zinssatz 
für 
diese 
Variable 
Zinsperiode 
[Mindestzinssatz 
einfügen]% 
per 
annum.] 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibung eine Memory 
Floater-Zinsstruktur aufweist, einfügen: Wenn 
der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Variable 
Zinsperiode 
(die 
"maßgebliche 
Zinsperiode") 
ermittelte 
Variable 
Zinssatz 
niedriger ist als der Variable Zinssatz der 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden 
Variablen 
Zinsperiode, so ist der Variable Zinssatz für die 
maßgebliche Variable Zinsperiode der Variable 
Zinssatz 
der 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden 
Variablen Zinsperiode ("Memory Floater").] 
[If Minimum Rate of Interest applies, insert: 
If the Variable Rate of Interest in respect of any 
Variable 
Interest 
Period 
determined 
in 
accordance with the above provisions is less than 
[insert Minimum Rate of Interest] per cent. per 
annum, the Variable Rate of Interest for such 
Variable Interest Period shall be [insert Minimum 
Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum.] [In case 
the Notes have a Memory Floater interest 
structure, insert: If the Variable Rate of Interest 
in respect of any Variable Interest Period (the 
"relevant 
Interest 
Period") 
determined 
in 
accordance with the above provisions is less than 
the Variable Rate of Interest of the immediately 
preceding Variable Interest Period, the Variable 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Variable Interest 
Period shall be the Variable Rate of Interest of the 
immediately preceding Variable Interest Period 
("Memory Floater").] 
[Falls 
mehrere 
Mindestzinssätze 
gelten, 
einfügen: 
Wenn 
der 
gemäß 
den 
obigen 
Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz niedriger ist als der für die maßgebliche 
Zinsperiode in nachstehender Tabelle angeführte 
Mindestzinssatz (der "Mindestzinssatz") in % per 
annum, so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
dieser Mindestzinssatz.  
[If more than one Minimum Rate of Interest 
applies, insert: If the Rate of Interest in respect 
of any Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the above provisions is less than the 
minimum rate of interest as indicated in the below 
table in per cent. per annum, (the "Minimum 
Rate of Interest") the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be the Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
vom 
(einschließli
ch) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
Mindest-
zinssatz 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
(einschließ-
lich 
des 
Fälligkeits-
tags 
und 
des 
Erweiterten 
Fälligkeits-
tags 
(falls 
anwendbar)
) einfügen] 
[Mindest-
zinssatz 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
from, and 
including, 
to, but 
excluding, 
Minimum 
Rate of 
[insert date] 
[insert date 
(including 
the Maturity 
Date 
and 
the 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date 
(if 
applicable))
] 
[insert 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest] per 
cent. 
per 
annum

--- Page 131 ---
131 
[Falls ein Höchstzinssatz gilt, einfügen: 
Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für 
eine Variable Zinsperiode ermittelte Variable 
Zinssatz 
höher 
ist 
als 
[Höchstzinssatz 
einfügen]% per annum, so ist der Variable 
Zinssatz 
für 
diese 
Variable 
Zinsperiode 
[Höchstzinssatz einfügen]% per annum.]] 
[If Maximum Rate of Interest applies insert: 
If the Variable Rate of Interest in respect of any 
Variable 
Interest 
Period 
determined 
in 
accordance with the above provisions is greater 
than [insert Maximum Rate of Interest] per 
cent. per annum, the Variable Rate of Interest for 
such Variable Interest Period shall be [insert 
Maximum Rate of Interest] per cent. per 
annum.]] 
([d]) Berechnung des Variablen Zinsbetrags. Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
wird 
den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden variablen 
Zinsbetrag 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
festgelegte 
Stückelung für die relevante Variable Zinsperiode 
(der "Variable Zinsbetrag") berechnen. Der 
Variable Zinsbetrag wird berechnet, indem der 
Variable Zinssatz auf die festgelegte Stückelung 
angewendet 
wird, 
dieser 
Betrag 
mit 
dem 
Variablen Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend 
definiert) 
multipliziert 
und 
der 
hieraus 
resultierende Betrag auf die nächste Untereinheit 
der festgelegten Währung gerundet wird, wobei 
eine halbe Untereinheit aufgerundet wird oder die 
Rundung ansonsten gemäß der anwendbaren 
Marktkonvention 
erfolgt. 
Im 
Falle 
einer 
Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Variablen 
Zinsperiode kann der auf diese Weise berechnete 
Variable 
Zinsbetrag 
ohne 
Vorankündigung 
nachträglich angepasst (oder andere geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. 
([d]) Calculation of Variable Amount of Interest. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of 
interest payable under the Notes in respect of the 
Specified Denomination for the relevant Variable 
Interest Period (the "Variable Amount of 
Interest"). The Variable Amount of Interest shall 
be calculated by applying the Variable Rate of 
Interest 
to 
the 
Specified 
Denomination, 
multiplying such sum by the applicable Variable 
Day Count Fraction (as defined below) and 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-
unit of the relevant Specified Currency, with half 
of such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Each Variable Amount of Interest so 
calculated may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Variable Interest 
Period. 
([e]) Mitteilungen des Variablen Zinssatzes. Die 
Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass die 
Variable Zinsperiode und der Variable Zinssatz 
für die relevante Variable Zinsperiode der 
Emittentin, 
jeder 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt 
notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an 
die Börse verlangen, und den Gläubigern gemäß 
§ 10 
baldmöglichst 
nach 
ihrer 
Bestimmung 
mitgeteilt werden. 
([e]) Notification of Variable Rate of Interest. The 
Calculation Agent will cause the Variable Interest 
Period and the Variable Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Variable Interest Period to be notified to 
the Issuer, any stock exchange on which the 
Notes are from time to time listed (if required by 
the rules of such stock exchange) and to the 
Holders in accordance with § 10 as soon as 
possible after their determination. 
([f]) Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Festsetzungen. 
Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, 
Quotierungen 
und 
Entscheidungen, 
die 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke dieses § 3 
gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder eingeholt 
werden, 
sind 
(sofern 
keine 
vorsätzliche 
Pflichtverletzung, kein böser Glaube und kein 
offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, 
die Emissionsstelle, den Zahlstellen und die 
Gläubiger bindend, und, sofern keiner der 
vorstehend genannten Umstände vorliegt, haftet 
die 
Berechnungsstelle nicht gegenüber der 
Emittentin, der Emissionsstelle, den Zahlstellen 
oder den Gläubigern im Zusammenhang mit der 
Ausübung oder Nichtausübung ihrer Rechte und 
Pflichten und ihres Ermessens gemäß solchen 
Bestimmungen. 
([f]) Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
the provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation Agent 
shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders 
and, in the absence of the aforesaid, no liability to 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents or 
the Holders shall attach to the Calculation Agent 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by 
it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to 
such provisions. 
([g]) Variabler 
Zinstagequotient. 
"Variabler 
([g]) Variable Day Count Fraction. "Variable Day

--- Page 132 ---
132 
Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die 
Berechnung 
eines 
Zinsbetrags 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Variable 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
Count Fraction" means, in respect of the 
calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (the "Variable Calculation 
Period"): 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ICMA) anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
[In case Actual/Actual (ICMA) applies, insert: 
1. 
falls der Variable Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
kürzer 
ist 
als 
die 
Variable 
Feststellungsperiode, in die das Ende des 
Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, 
oder 
falls 
der 
Variable 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
der 
Variablen 
Feststellungsperiode entspricht, die Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage 
in 
dem 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch das 
Produkt 
aus 
(x) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage 
in 
der 
Variablen 
Feststellungsperiode und (y) der Anzahl 
der Variablen Feststellungstermine (wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben) 
in 
einem 
Kalenderjahr; oder  
1. 
if the Variable Calculation Period is equal to 
or shorter than the Variable Determination 
Period during which the Variable Calculation 
Period ends, the number of calendar days in 
such Variable Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of calendar 
days in such Variable Determination Period 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Variable 
Determination Dates (as specified below) 
that would occur in one calendar year; or 
2. 
falls der Variable Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
länger 
ist 
als 
die 
Variable 
Feststellungsperiode, in die das Ende des 
Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, 
die Summe aus  
2. 
if the Variable Calculation Period is longer 
than the Variable Determination Period 
during which the Variable Calculation Period 
ends, the sum of  
(A) 
der Anzahl der Kalendertage in dem 
Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
die 
in 
die 
Variable 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, 
in 
welcher 
der 
Variable 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
beginnt, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus: (x) der 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in der 
Variablen Feststellungsperiode: und 
(y) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Variablen 
Feststellungstermine 
in 
einem 
Kalenderjahr; und 
(A) the number of calendar days in such 
Variable Calculation Period falling in 
the Variable Determination Period in 
which the Variable Calculation Period 
begins divided by the product of: 
(x) the number of calendar days in 
such Variable Determination Period; 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Variable 
Determination Dates that would occur 
in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
der Anzahl der Kalendertage in dem 
Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
die 
in 
die 
nächste 
Variable 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, geteilt 
durch 
das 
Produkt 
aus 
(x) der 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in dieser 
Variablen Feststellungsperiode und 
(y) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Variablen 
Feststellungstermine 
in 
einem 
Kalenderjahr. 
(B) the number of calendar days in such 
Variable Calculation Period falling in 
the 
next 
Variable 
Determination 
Period divided by the product of 
(x) the number of calendar days in 
such Variable Determination Period 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Variable 
Determination Dates that would occur 
in one calendar year. 
"Variable Feststellungsperiode" ist der Zeitraum 
von 
einem 
Variablen 
Feststellungstermin 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächsten Variablen 
Feststellungstermin (ausschließlich); dies schließt 
dann, wenn der Variable Verzinsungsbeginn kein 
Variabler Feststellungstermin ist, den Zeitraum 
ein, 
der 
an 
dem 
ersten 
Variablen 
Feststellungstermin 
vor 
dem 
Variablen 
Verzinsungsbeginn anfängt, und dann, wenn der 
"Variable Determination Period" means the 
period 
from, 
and 
including, 
a 
Variable 
Determination Date to, but excluding, the next 
Variable Determination Date (including, where the 
Variable Interest Commencement Date is not a 
Variable 
Determination 
Date, 
the 
period 
commencing on the first Variable Determination 
Date 
prior 
to 
the 
Variable 
Interest 
Commencement Date, and where the final

--- Page 133 ---
133 
letzte Variable Zinszahlungstag kein Variabler 
Feststellungstermin ist, den Zeitraum ein, der an 
dem ersten Variablen Feststellungstermin nach 
dem letzten Variablen Zinszahlungstag endet. 
Variable Interest Payment Date is not a Variable 
Determination 
Date, 
the 
first 
Variable 
Determination Date falling after the final Variable 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be). 
Die Anzahl der Variablen Feststellungstermine im 
Kalenderjahr 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Variabler 
Feststellungstermin") 
beträgt 
[Anzahl 
der 
regulären 
variablen 
Zinszahlungstage 
im 
Kalenderjahr einfügen].] 
The number of variable determination dates per 
calendar year (each a "Variable Determination 
Date") is [insert number of regular variable 
interest payment dates per calendar year].] 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ISDA) anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 
(oder, 
falls 
ein 
Teil 
des 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, 
die Summe aus: (x) der tatsächlichen Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
in 
dem 
Teil 
des 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die in das Schaltjahr 
fallen, dividiert durch 366; und (y) die tatsächliche 
Anzahl von Kalendertagen in dem Teil des 
Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die nicht in 
ein Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 365).] 
[In case Actual/Actual (ISDA) applies, insert: 
the actual number of calendar days in the 
Variable Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if 
any calculation portion of that Variable Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of: (x) the 
actual number of calendar days in that portion of 
the Variable Calculation Period falling in a leap 
year divided by 366; and (y) the actual number of 
calendar days in that portion of the Variable 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365).] 
[Falls 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
[In case Actual/365 (Fixed) applies, insert: the 
actual number of calendar days in the Variable 
Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
[Falls Actual/360 anwendbar ist, einfügen: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert 
durch 360.] 
[In case Actual/360 applies, insert: the actual 
number of calendar days in the Variable 
Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
[Falls 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, 
wobei die Anzahl der Kalendertage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Kalendertagen 
mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Kalendertagen zu 
ermitteln 
ist 
(es 
sei 
denn: 
(x) der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
fällt 
auf 
den 
31. Kalendertag eines Monats, während der erste 
Kalendertag 
des 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 30. 
noch auf den 31. Kalendertag eines Monats fällt, 
wobei in diesem Fall der den letzten Kalendertag 
enthaltende 
Monat 
nicht 
als 
ein 
auf 
30 Kalendertage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln 
ist, oder (y) der letzte Kalendertag des Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten 
Kalendertag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln ist).] 
[In case 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
applies, insert: the number of calendar days in 
the Variable Calculation Period divided by 360, 
the number of calendar days to be calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 calendar days with 
twelve 30-calendar day months (unless: (x) the 
last calendar day of the Variable Calculation 
Period is the 31st calendar day of a month but the 
first calendar day of the Variable Calculation 
Period is a calendar day other than the 30th or 
31st calendar day of a month, in which case the 
month that includes that last calendar day shall 
not be considered to be shortened to a 30-
calendar day month, or (y) the last calendar day 
of the Variable Calculation Period is the last 
calendar day of the month of February in which 
case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-calendar day 
month).] 
[Falls 
30E/360 
oder 
Eurobond 
Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360 
(wobei die Anzahl der Kalendertage auf der 
[In case 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis applies, 
insert: the number of calendar days in the 
Variable Calculation Period divided by 360 (the 
number of calendar days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 calendar days with twelve

--- Page 134 ---
134 
Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Kalendertagen 
mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Kalendertagen zu 
ermitteln ist, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des 
Datums des ersten oder letzten Kalendertages 
des Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei 
denn, der Fälligkeitstag ist, im Fall des letzten 
Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraums, der letzte 
Kalendertag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln ist).] 
30-calendar day months, without regard to the 
date of the first calendar day or last calendar day 
of the Variable Calculation Period unless, in the 
case of the final Variable Calculation Period, the 
Maturity Date is the last calendar day of the 
month of February, in which case the month of 
February 
shall 
not 
be 
considered 
to 
be 
lengthened to a 30-calendar day month).] 
([3]) Verzugszinsen. 
Der 
Zinslauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Ablauf des 
Kalendertages, der dem Kalendertag vorangeht, 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin 
die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht 
einlöst, wird der ausstehende Gesamtnennbetrag 
der Schuldverschreibungen vom Kalendertag der 
Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Kalendertag der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) [im Fall 
von Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen, 
deren Laufzeit sich bei Nichtzahlung des 
ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrags durch die 
Emittentin 
am 
Fälligkeitstag 
verlängert, 
einfügen, einfügen: (ausgenommen gemäß 
§ 5 (1a))] 
weiterhin 
in 
Höhe 
des 
jeweils 
vorgesehenen 
Zinssatzes 
verzinst. 
Weitergehende Ansprüche der Gläubiger bleiben 
unberührt.] 
([3]) Default Interest. The Notes shall cease to 
bear interest from the expiry of the calendar day 
preceding the due date for redemption. If the 
Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, 
interest 
shall 
continue 
to 
accrue 
on 
the 
outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes from, and including, the due date for 
redemption to, but excluding, the date of actual 
redemption of the Notes [in case of Covered 
Bank 
Bonds 
(Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen), 
whose 
term 
shall be extended in case the Issuer does not 
pay the outstanding 
aggregate principal 
amount on the Maturity Date, insert: (except 
pursuant to § 5 (1a))] at the respective rate of 
interest specified. This does not affect any 
additional rights that might be available to the 
Holders.] 
[Bei 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
Referenz[zins]satz, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a Reference [Interest] 
Rate, insert: 
([4]) Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz. Im Fall eines 
Benchmark-Ereignisses 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert): (i) bemüht sich die Emittentin im 
angemessenen Umfang einen Unabhängigen 
Berater zu ernennen, um im billigen Ermessen 
des Unabhängigen Beraters (in Abstimmung mit 
der Berechnungsstelle und in gutem Glauben und 
auf 
eine 
wirtschaftlich 
vernünftige 
Weise 
handelnd (das "Ersetzungsziel")) einen Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz zu bestimmen, der an die 
Stelle des vom Benchmark-Ereignis betroffenen 
ursprünglichen Referenz[zins]satzes tritt; oder 
(ii) falls der Unabhängige Berater von der 
Emittentin 
nicht 
ernannt 
wird 
oder 
nicht 
zeitgerecht ernannt werden kann oder falls ein 
Unabhängiger Berater von der Emittentin ernannt 
wird, 
aber 
dieser 
keinen 
Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz bestimmt, dann kann die 
Emittentin 
(unter 
Berücksichtigung 
des 
Ersetzungsziels) bestimmen, welcher Satz (falls 
überhaupt) 
den 
vom 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
betroffenen 
ursprünglichen 
Referenz[zins]satz 
ersetzt hat. Ein Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz gilt ab 
dem vom Unabhängigen Berater oder von der 
Emittentin (je nachdem) im billigen Ermessen 
bestimmten 
Feststellungstag 
(einschließlich), 
frühestens jedoch ab dem Feststellungstag, der 
([4]) Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate. In the 
event of a Benchmark Event: (i) the Issuer shall 
use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent 
Advisor 
to 
determine 
in 
the 
Independent Advisor's reasonable discretion (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent and acting 
in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner 
(the 
"Substitution 
Objective")) 
a 
Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate which shall 
replace the original Reference [Interest] Rate 
affected by the Benchmark Event; or (ii) if no 
Independent Advisor is or can be timely appointed 
by the Issuer or if an Independent Advisor is 
appointed by the Issuer, but fails to determine a 
Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate, then the 
Issuer 
(in 
consideration 
of 
the 
Substitute 
Objective) may determine which (if any) rate has 
replaced the original Reference [Interest] Rate 
affected by the Benchmark Event. Any Substitute 
Reference [Interest] Rate shall apply from (and 
including) the Determination Day determined by 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) in its due discretion, which shall be 
no earlier than the Determination Day falling on or 
immediately following the date of the Benchmark 
Event, with first effect for the Interest Period for 
which the Rate of Interest is determined on such

--- Page 135 ---
135 
mit dem Benchmark-Ereignis zusammenfällt oder 
auf dieses folgt, erstmals mit Wirkung für die 
Zinsperiode, für die an diesem Feststellungstag 
der Zinssatz festgelegt wird. Der "Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz" ist ein Satz (ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz per annum), der sich aus einem vom 
Unabhängigen Berater oder von der Emittentin (je 
nachdem) im billigen Ermessen festgelegten 
Alternativ-Referenz[zins]satz 
(der 
"Alternativ-
Referenz[zins]satz"), der von einem Dritten 
bereitgestellt wird und der alle anwendbaren 
rechtlichen Voraussetzungen erfüllt, um ihn zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen zu verwenden, mit 
den vom Unabhängigen Berater oder von der 
Emittentin (je nachdem) im billigen Ermessen 
gegebenenfalls bestimmten Anpassungen, die in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
einer 
Allgemein 
Akzeptierten 
Marktpraxis, 
einem 
Amtlichen 
Ersetzungskonzept oder einer Branchenlösung 
gegebenenfalls empfohlen werden, (zB in Form 
von Auf- oder Abschlägen) ergibt. 
Determination Day. The "Substitute Reference 
[Interest] Rate" shall be a rate (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) which corresponds to 
an alternative reference [interest] rate (the 
"Alternative 
Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate") 
provided by a third party and meeting any 
applicable legal requirements for being used for 
determining the payment obligations under the 
Notes determined by the Independent Advisor or 
the Issuer (as the case may be) in its due 
discretion, 
as 
modified 
by 
applying 
the 
adjustments, which in accordance with the 
Generally Accepted Market Practice, an Official 
Substitution Concept or an Industry Solution (if 
any) are recommended, (e.g. in the form of 
premiums or discounts), if any, that may be 
determined by the Independent Advisor or the 
Issuer (as the case may be) in its due discretion. 
Unbeschadet 
der 
Allgemeingültigkeit 
des 
Vorstehenden wird der Unabhängige Berater oder 
die Emittentin (je nachdem) insbesondere, aber 
ohne 
Beschränkung, 
ein 
Amtliches 
Ersetzungskonzept, eine Branchenlösung oder 
eine 
Allgemein 
Akzeptierte 
Marktpraxis 
berücksichtigen. 
Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be)  shall in particular, but without 
limitation take into consideration an Official 
Substitution Concept, an Industry Solution or a 
Generally Accepted Market Practice. 
Bestimmt der Unabhängige Berater oder die 
Emittentin 
(je 
nachdem) 
einen 
Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz, 
so 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt,  nach billigem Ermessen diejenigen 
Änderungen 
in 
den 
verfahrensmäßigen  
Festlegungen in Bezug auf die Bestimmung des 
aktuellen 
Ersatz- 
Referenz[zins]satzes 
(zB 
Feststellungstag, 
maßgebliche 
Uhrzeit, 
maßgebliche Bildschirmseite für den Bezug des 
Alternativ-Referenz[zins]satzes 
sowie 
Ausfallbestimmungen 
für 
den 
Fall 
der 
Nichtverfügbarkeit 
der 
maßgeblichen 
Bildschirmseite) und diejenigen Anpassungen an 
die Definition von "Geschäftstag" in § 1 (6) und 
die Bestimmungen zur Geschäftstagekonvention 
in § 4 (3) vorzunehmen, die in Übereinstimmung 
mit der Allgemein Akzeptierten Marktpraxis, dem 
Amtlichen 
Ersetzungskonzept 
oder 
der 
Branchenlösung erforderlich oder zweckmäßig 
sind, um die Ersetzung des Referenz[zins]satzes 
durch den Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz praktisch 
durchführbar zu machen. 
If the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) determines a Substitute Reference 
[Interest] Rate, it shall also be entitled to make, in 
its due discretion, any such adjustments to the 
procedural 
determinations 
relating 
to 
the 
determination of the current Substitute Reference 
[Interest] Rate (e.g. the determination day, the 
relevant time, the relevant screen page for 
obtaining the Alternative Reference [Interest] 
Rate and the fallback provisions in the event that 
the relevant screen page is not available) and to 
make such adjustments to the definition of 
"Business Day" in § 1 (6) and the business day 
convention 
provisions 
in 
§ 4 (3) 
which 
in 
accordance with the Generally Accepted Market 
Practice, the Official Substitution Concept or the 
Industry Solution are necessary or expedient to 
make the substitution of the Reference [Interest] 
Rate by the Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate 
operative. 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" bezeichnet: 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) den 
Fall, 
dass 
die 
regelmäßige 
Veröffentlichung des Referenz[zins]satzes (oder 
maßgeblicher Bestandteile davon) eingestellt wird 
oder der Referenz[zins]satz (oder maßgebliche 
Bestandteile davon) ganz wegfällt; oder 
(a) the case that the Reference [Interest] Rate (or 
any component part thereof) ceases to be 
published on a regular basis or ceases to exist; or 
(b) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
des 
Administrators des Referenz[zins]satzes oder der 
(b) a public statement by the administrator or the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Reference

--- Page 136 ---
136 
für den Administrator des Referenz[zins]satzes 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
dass 
(i) 
die 
Ermittlung, Bereitstellung oder Bekanntgabe des 
Referenz[zins]satzes 
dauerhaft 
oder 
auf 
unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt worden ist oder 
eingestellt werden wird, ohne dass ein Nachfolge-
Administrator 
existiert, 
oder 
(ii) 
der 
Referenz[zins]satz 
aus 
sonstigen 
Gründen 
dauerhaft und endgültigen wegfällt; oder 
[Interest] 
Rate, 
that 
(i) 
the 
determination, 
provision or publication of the Reference [Interest] 
Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued in circumstances where 
no successor administrator exists, or (ii) the 
Reference [Interest] Rate permanently or finally 
ceases to exist for other reasons; or 
(c) eine wesentliche Änderung der Methode zur 
Ermittlung 
oder 
Berechnung 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes im Vergleich zu derjenigen 
Methode, 
die 
bei 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zur Anwendung kam, 
oder 
eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
des 
Administrators des Referenz[zins]satzes oder der 
für den Administrator des  Referenz[zins]satzes 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
dass 
eine 
wesentliche 
Änderung 
der 
Methode 
zur 
Ermittlung 
oder 
Berechnung 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes im Vergleich zu derjenigen 
Methode, 
die 
bei 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zur Anwendung kam, 
eingetreten ist oder eintreten wird, was dazu führt 
oder führen wird, dass der gemäß der neuen 
Methode berechnete Referenz[zins]satz nicht 
mehr den Referenz[zins]satz repräsentiert oder 
repräsentieren 
wird 
oder 
zu 
repräsentieren 
geeignet ist oder geeignet sein wird oder aus 
sonstigen 
Gründen 
seinem 
wirtschaftlichen 
Gehalt 
nach 
nicht 
mehr 
mit 
dem 
Referenz[zins]satz vergleichbar ist, der mit der 
bei Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen zur 
Anwendung gekommenen Methode ermittelt oder 
berechnet wurde; oder 
(c) a material change in the methodology of 
determining 
or 
calculating 
the 
Reference 
[Interest] Rate as compared to the methodology 
used at the time of the issuance of the Notes, or a 
public statement by the administrator of the 
Reference [Interest] Rate or by the supervisor of 
the administrator of the Reference [Interest] Rate 
that a material change in the methodology of 
determining 
or 
calculating 
the 
Reference 
[Interest] Rate as compared to the methodology 
used at the time of the issuance of the Notes, has 
occurred or will occur which results or will result in 
the Reference [Interest] Rate, calculated in 
accordance with the new methodology, no longer 
representing, 
or 
being 
apt 
to 
represent 
adequately, the Reference [Interest] Rate or in 
terms of economic substance no longer being 
comparable to the Reference [Interest] Rate 
determined or calculated in accordance with the 
methodology used at the time of the issuance of 
the Notes; or 
(d) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung durch die für 
den 
Administrator 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes 
zuständige 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
dass 
der 
Referenz[zins]satz für den zugrundeliegenden 
Markt oder die wirtschaftliche Realität dauerhaft 
und unabänderlich nicht mehr repräsentativ ist; 
oder 
(d) a public statement is made by the supervisor 
of the administrator of the Reference [Interest] 
Rate that the Reference [Interest] Rate is no 
longer representative of an underlying market or 
economic 
reality 
on 
a 
permanent 
and 
irremediable basis; or 
(e) die Anwendbarkeit eines Gesetzes oder einer 
sonstigen 
Rechtsvorschrift 
oder 
einer 
behördlichen 
oder 
gerichtlichen 
Anordnung, 
Verfügung 
oder 
sonstigen 
verbindlichen 
Maßnahme, die unmittelbar dazu führt, dass der 
Referenz[zins]satz nicht mehr als Referenzsatz 
zur Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
unter den Schuldverschreibungen verwendet 
werden darf oder nach der eine derartige 
Verwendung 
nicht 
nur 
unwesentlichen 
Beschränkungen 
oder 
nachteiligen 
Folgen 
unterliegt. 
(e) the applicability of any law or any other legal 
provision, or of any administrative or judicial 
order, decree or other binding measure, pursuant 
to which the Reference [Interest] Rate may no 
longer be used as a reference rate to determine 
the payment obligations under the Notes, or 
pursuant to which any such use is subject to not 
only 
immaterial 
restrictions 
or 
adverse 
consequences. 
"Amtliches 
Ersetzungskonzept" 
bezeichnet 
eine verbindliche oder unverbindliche öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung von (i) der EU-Kommission 
oder 
eines 
EU-Mitgliedstaates 
unter 
Berücksichtigung 
der 
Empfehlung 
einer 
Arbeitsgruppe für alternative Referenzzinssätze, 
"Official Substitution Concept" means any 
binding or non-binding public statement by (i) the 
EU Commission or any EU Member State taking 
into 
account, 
where 
available, 
the 
recommendation by an alternative reference rate 
working group operating under the auspices of

--- Page 137 ---
137 
die unter der Schirmherrschaft der Zentralbank 
tätig ist, die für die Währung zuständig ist, auf die 
die Zinssätze der Ersatz-Benchmark laute, sofern 
verfügbar, 
oder 
(ii) 
einer 
der 
folgenden 
Einrichtungen, vorausgesetzt, dass sie für die 
Abgabe einer solchen Erklärung zuständig sind: 
eine Zentralbank, eine Aufsichtsbehörde oder ein 
öffentlich-rechtlich konstituiertes oder besetztes 
Aufsichts- oder Fachgremium der Finanzbranche, 
wonach 
ein 
bestimmter 
Referenzsatz, 
gegebenenfalls 
unter 
Vornahme 
bestimmter 
Anpassungen, 
an 
die 
Stelle 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes treten solle oder könne oder 
wonach 
ein 
bestimmtes 
Verfahren 
zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen, die 
ansonsten 
unter 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Referenz[zins]satz bestimmt werden würden, zur 
Anwendung gelangen solle oder könne. 
the central bank responsible for the currency in 
which the interest rates of the replacement 
benchmark are denominated or (ii) any of the 
following 
entities 
provided 
that 
they 
are 
competent to make such statement: a central 
bank, a supervisory authority or a supervisory or 
expert body of the financial sector established 
under public law or composed of publicly 
appointed members pursuant to which a certain 
reference rate, subject to certain adjustments (if 
any), should or could be used to replace the 
Reference [Interest] Rate or pursuant to which a 
certain procedure should or could be used in 
order to determine payment obligations which 
would otherwise be determined by reference to 
the Reference [Interest] Rate. 
"Branchenlösung" bezeichnet eine öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung der International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association (ISDA), der International 
Capital 
Markets 
Association 
(ICMA), 
der 
Association for Financial Markets in Europe 
(AFME), der Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (SIFMA), der SIFMA Asset 
Management Group (SIFMA AMG), der Loan 
Markets Association (LMA), des Deutschen 
Derivate Verbands (DDV), des Zertifikate Forum 
Österreich 
oder 
eines 
sonstigen 
privaten 
Branchenverbands der Finanzwirtschaft, wonach 
ein bestimmter Referenzsatz, gegebenenfalls 
unter Vornahme bestimmter Anpassungen, an die 
Stelle des Referenz[zins]satzes treten solle oder 
könne oder wonach ein bestimmtes Verfahren zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen, die 
ansonsten 
unter 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Referenz[zins]satz bestimmt werden würden, zur 
Anwendung gelangen solle oder könne. 
"Industry Solution" means any public statement 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association (ISDA), the International Capital 
Markets Association (ICMA), the Association for 
Financial 
Markets 
in 
Europe 
(AFME), 
the 
Securities 
Industry 
and 
Financial 
Markets 
Association 
(SIFMA), 
the 
SIFMA 
Asset 
Management Group (SIFMA AMG), the Loan 
Markets 
Association 
(LMA), 
the 
Deutsche 
Derivate Verbands (DDV), the Zertifikate Forum 
Austria or any other private association of the 
financial industry pursuant to which a certain 
reference rate, subject to certain adjustments (if 
any), should or could be used to replace the 
Reference [Interest] Rate or pursuant to which a 
certain procedure should or could be used in 
order to determine payment obligations which 
would otherwise be determined by reference to 
the Reference [Interest] Rate. 
"Allgemein Akzeptierte Marktpraxis" bezeichnet 
die 
übliche 
Verwendung 
eines 
bestimmten 
Referenzsatzes, gegebenenfalls unter Vornahme 
bestimmter 
Anpassungen, 
anstelle 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes oder die vertragliche oder 
anderweitige 
Regelung 
eines 
bestimmten 
Verfahrens 
zur 
Bestimmung 
von 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen, die ansonsten unter 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Referenz[zins]satz 
bestimmt worden wären, in einer Vielzahl von 
Anleiheemissionen 
nach 
dem 
Eintritt 
eines 
Benchmark-Ereignisses 
oder 
eine 
sonstige 
allgemein akzeptierte Marktpraxis zur Ersetzung 
des Referenz[zins]satzes als Referenzsatz für die 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen. 
"Generally Accepted Market Practice" means 
the customary use of a certain reference rate, 
subject to certain adjustments (if any), as 
substitute rate for the Reference [Interest] Rate or 
of provisions, contractual or otherwise, providing 
for a certain procedure to determine payment 
obligations which would otherwise have been 
determined by reference to the Reference 
[Interest] Rate in a material number of bond 
issues following the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Event, or any other generally accepted market 
practice to replace the Reference [Interest] Rate 
as reference rate for the determination of 
payment obligations. 
Für die Zwecke dieses Unterabsatzes bezeichnet 
der "Unabhängige Berater" ein unabhängiges 
Finanzinstitut von internationaler Reputation oder 
einen anderen unabhängigen Finanzberater in 
der Eurozone mit Erfahrung am internationalen 
Kapitalmarkt, der jeweils von der Emittentin auf 
ihre eigenen Kosten ernannt wird. 
For 
the 
purposes 
of 
this 
subparagraph 
"Independent Advisor" means an independent 
financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial advisor in the Euro zone 
experienced in the international capital markets, 
in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
Der Unabhängige Berater oder die Emittentin (je 
nachdem) 
sind 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
berechtigt, aber nicht verpflichtet, in Bezug auf 
ein und dasselbe Benchmark-Ereignis mehrfach 
einen Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz nach Maßgabe 
der Bestimmungen dieses Unterabsatzes zu 
bestimmen, wenn diese spätere Bestimmung 
besser 
geeignet 
ist 
als 
die 
jeweils 
vorangegangene, 
das 
Ersetzungsziel 
zu 
erreichen. 
Die 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
Unterabsatzes gelten auch entsprechend für den 
Fall, dass in Bezug auf einen vom Unabhängigen 
Berater oder von der Emittentin (je nachdem) 
zuvor bestimmten Alternativ-Referenz[zins]satz 
ein Benchmark-Ereignis eintritt. 
The Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) is entitled, but not obliged, to 
determine, in its due discretion, a Substitute 
Reference [Interest] Rate pursuant to the 
provisions of this subparagraph several times in 
relation to the same Benchmark Event, provided 
that each later determination is better suitable 
than the earlier one to realise the Substitution 
Objective. The provisions of this subparagraph 
shall also apply mutatis mutandis in the event of a 
Benchmark Event occurring in relation to any 
Alternative Reference [Interest] Rate previously 
determined by the Independent Advisor or the 
Issuer (as the case may be). 
Hat der Unabhängige Berater oder die Emittentin 
(je nachdem) nach Eintritt eines Benchmark-
Ereignisses 
einen 
Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz 
bestimmt, so wird veranlasst, dass der Eintritt des 
Benchmark-Ereignisses, der vom Unabhängigen 
Berater oder von der Emittentin (je nachdem) 
bestimmte Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz sowie alle 
weiteren 
damit 
zusammenhängenden 
Festsetzungen des Unabhängigen Beraters oder 
der Emittentin (je nachdem) gemäß diesem 
Unterabsatz der Berechnungsstelle und den 
Gläubigern gemäß § 10 baldmöglichst, aber 
keinesfalls später als am vierten auf die 
Bestimmung 
des 
Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satzes 
folgenden Geschäftstag sowie jeder Börse, an 
der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln 
eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
die 
Börse 
verlangen, 
baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls später als zu 
Beginn der Zinsperiode, ab der der Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz erstmals anzuwenden ist, 
mitgeteilt werden.] 
If the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) has determined a Substitute 
Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate 
following 
the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event, it will cause 
the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, the 
Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate determined 
by the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) and any further determinations of 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) pursuant to this subparagraph 
associated therewith to be notified to the 
Calculation 
Agent 
and 
to 
the 
Holders 
in 
accordance with § 10 as soon as possible, but in 
no event later than the fourth Business Day 
following the determination of the Substitute 
Reference [Interest] Rate and, if required by the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are from time to time listed, to such stock 
exchange as soon as possible, but in no event 
later than the first day of the Interest Period to 
which the Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate 
applies for the first time.] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
[In case of Zero Coupon Notes insert: 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Keine 
periodischen 
Zinsenzahlungen. 
Es 
erfolgen keine periodischen Zinsenzahlungen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emissionsrendite 
beträgt [Emissionsrendite einfügen]. 
(1) No Periodic Payments of Interest. There will 
not be any periodic payments of interest on the 
Notes. The issue yield is [insert issue yield]. 
(2) Verzugszinsen. 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, 
wird der ausstehende Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen vom Kalendertag der 
Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Kalendertag der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) [im Fall 
von Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen, 
deren Laufzeit sich bei Nichtzahlung des 
ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrags durch die 
Emittentin 
am 
Fälligkeitstag 
verlängert, 
einfügen, einfügen: (ausgenommen gemäß 
§ 5 (1a))] 
weiterhin 
in 
Höhe 
der 
jeweils 
vorgesehenen 
Emissionsrendite 
verzinst. 
(2) Default Interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem 
the Notes when due, interest shall continue to 
accrue on the outstanding aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes from, and including, the due 
date for redemption to, but excluding, the date of 
actual redemption of the Notes  [in case of 
Covered 
Bank 
Bonds 
(Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen), 
whose 
term 
shall be extended in case the Issuer does not 
pay the outstanding 
aggregate principal 
amount on the Maturity Date, insert: (except 
pursuant to § 5 (1a))] at the respective Issue Yield 
specified. This does not affect any additional

--- Page 139 ---
139 
Weitergehende Ansprüche der Gläubiger bleiben 
unberührt. 
rights that might be available to the Holders. 
(3) Zinstagequotient. 
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung des 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrags für den in 
§ 5 ([3/4/5]) bestimmten Berechnungszeitraum: 
(3) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" 
means, in relation to the calculation of the Early 
Redemption Amount in respect of the Calculation 
Period as defined in § 5 ([3/4/5]): 
[Falls 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert 
durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Kalendertage 
auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 
Kalendertagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 
Kalendertagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (1) 
der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Berechnungszeitraums 
fällt 
auf 
den 
31. 
Kalendertag eines Monats, während der erste 
Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums weder 
auf den 30. noch auf den 31. Kalendertag eines 
Monats fällt, wobei in diesem Fall der den letzten 
Kalendertag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 
30 Kalendertage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln 
ist, 
oder 
(2) 
der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Berechnungszeitraums 
fällt 
auf 
den 
letzten 
Kalendertag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 
Kalendertage 
verlängerter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln ist).] 
[In case 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
applies, insert: the number of calendar days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number 
of calendar days to be calculated on the basis of 
a year of 360 calendar days with twelve 30-
calendar day months (unless (1) the last calendar 
day of the Calculation Period is the 31st calendar 
day of a month but the first calendar day of the 
Calculation Period is a calendar day other than 
the 30th or 31st calendar day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last calendar 
day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 
30-calendar day month, or (2) the last calendar 
day of the Calculation Period is the last calendar 
day of the month of February in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-calendar day month).] 
[Falls 
30E/360 
oder 
Eurobond 
Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert 
durch 360 (wobei die Anzahl der Kalendertage 
auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 
Kalendertagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 
Kalendertagen zu ermitteln ist, und zwar ohne 
Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten 
Kalendertages 
des 
Berechnungszeitraums, 
es 
sei 
denn, 
der 
Fälligkeitstag 
ist, 
im 
Fall 
des 
letzten 
Berechnungszeitraums, der letzte Kalendertag 
des Monats Februar, wobei in diesem Fall der 
Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).]] 
[In case 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis applies, 
insert: the number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of 
calendar days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 calendar days with twelve 30-
calendar day months, without regard to the date 
of the first calendar day or last calendar day of the 
Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last 
calendar day of the month of February, in which 
case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-calendar day 
month).]] 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1) [(a)] Zahlung von Kapital. Die Zahlung von 
Kapital auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden 
Absatzes (2) an das Clearingsystem oder 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des 
Clearingsystems.  
(1) [(a)] Payment 
of 
Principal. 
Payment 
of 
principal on the Notes shall be made, 
subject to paragraph (2) below, to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the accounts of the relevant accountholders 
of the Clearing System. 
[Bei 
allen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
außer 
Nullkupon Schuldverschreibungen, einfügen: 
[Insert for all Notes other than Zero Coupon 
Notes: 
(b) 
Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden 
Absatzes (2) an das Clearingsystem oder 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
(b) 
Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on 
the Notes shall be made, subject to 
paragraph (2) 
below, 
to 
the 
Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant accountholders of

--- Page 140 ---
140 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des 
Clearingsystems.] 
the Clearing System.] 
(2) Zahlungsweise. 
Vorbehaltlich 
geltender 
steuerlicher 
und 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften erfolgen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu leistende Zahlungen in 
der festgelegten Währung. 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable 
fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of 
amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be 
made in the Specified Currency. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, deren 
festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, einfügen: 
Stellt die Emittentin fest, dass es aufgrund von 
Umständen, die außerhalb der Verantwortung der 
Emittentin 
liegen, 
unmöglich 
ist, 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu leistende Zahlungen 
am 
maßgeblichen 
Fälligkeitstag 
in 
frei 
handelbaren 
und 
konvertierbaren 
Geldern 
vorzunehmen, oder dass die festgelegte Währung 
oder eine gesetzlich eingeführte Nachfolge-
Währung (die "Nachfolge-Währung") nicht mehr 
für 
die 
Abwicklung 
von 
internationalen 
Finanztransaktionen verwendet wird, kann die 
Emittentin 
ihre 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
am 
maßgeblichen Fälligkeitstag durch eine Zahlung 
in Euro auf der Grundlage des anwendbaren 
Wechselkurses erfüllen. Die Gläubiger sind nicht 
berechtigt, 
weitere 
Zinsen 
oder 
zusätzliche 
Beträge in Bezug auf eine solche Zahlung zu 
verlangen. Der "anwendbare Wechselkurs" ist: 
(i) (falls ein solcher Wechselkurs verfügbar ist) 
derjenige 
Wechselkurs 
des 
Euro 
zu 
der 
festgelegten Währung oder gegebenenfalls der 
Nachfolge-Währung, der von der Europäischen 
Zentralbank für einen Kalendertag festgelegt und 
veröffentlicht 
wurde, 
der 
innerhalb 
eines 
angemessenen (wie von der Emittentin in ihrem 
billigen Ermessen bestimmt) Zeitraums vor und 
so nahe wie möglich an dem maßgeblichen 
Fälligkeitstag lag; oder (ii) (falls kein solcher 
Wechselkurs 
verfügbar 
ist) 
derjenige 
Wechselkurs des Euro zu der festgelegten 
Währung oder gegebenenfalls der Nachfolge-
Währung, den die Zahlstelle als arithmetisches 
Mittel aus den ihr von vier führenden, im 
internationalen 
Fremdwährungshandel 
tätigen 
Banken 
angebotenen 
Briefkursen 
für 
die 
festgelegte Währung oder gegebenenfalls die 
Nachfolge-Währung für einen Kalendertag, der 
innerhalb eines angemessenen (wie von der 
Zahlstelle in ihrem billigen Ermessen bestimmt) 
Zeitraums vor und so nahe wie möglich an dem 
maßgeblichen Fälligkeitstag liegt; oder (iii) (falls 
kein solcher Wechselkurs verfügbar ist) der von 
der Zahlstelle nach billigem Ermessen festgelegte 
Wechselkurs des Euro zu der festgelegten 
Währung oder gegebenenfalls der Nachfolge-
Währung.] 
[In case of Notes whose Specified Currency is 
not Euro, insert: If the Issuer determines that it is 
impossible to make payments of amounts due on 
the Notes in freely negotiable and convertible 
funds on the relevant due date for reasons 
beyond its control or that the Specified Currency 
or any successor currency provided for by law 
(the "Successor Currency") is no longer used for 
the 
settlement 
of 
international 
financial 
transactions, the Issuer may fulfil its payment 
obligations by making such payments in Euro on 
the relevant due date on the basis of the 
Applicable Exchange Rate. Holders shall not be 
entitled to further interest or any additional 
amounts as a result of such payment. The 
"Applicable Exchange Rate" shall be: (i) (if such 
exchange rate is available) the exchange rate of 
Euro against the Specified Currency or the 
Successor Currency (if applicable) determined 
and published by the European Central Bank for 
the most recent calendar day falling within a 
reasonable (as determined by the Issuer in its 
reasonable discretion) period of time prior to the 
relevant due date; or (ii) (if such exchange rate is 
not available) the exchange rate of Euro against 
the 
Specified 
Currency 
or 
the 
Successor 
Currency (if applicable) which the Paying Agent 
has calculated as the arithmetic mean of offered 
rates concerning the Specified Currency or the 
Successor Currency (if applicable) quoted to the 
Paying Agent by four leading banks operating in 
the international foreign exchange market for the 
most recent calendar day falling within a 
reasonable (as determined by the Paying Agent in 
its reasonable discretion) period of time prior to 
the relevant due date; or (iii) (if such exchange 
rate is not available) the exchange rate of Euro 
against the Specified Currency or the Successor 
Currency (if applicable) as determined by the 
Paying Agent in its reasonable discretion.] 
[Bei 
allen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
außer 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
Fix-to-Floating 
Verzinsung, einfügen: 
[Insert for all Notes other than Notes with Fix-
to-Floating interest: 
(3) Zahltag. Sofern der Fälligkeitstag für eine 
Zahlung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
(3) Payment Business Day. If the due date for any 
payment in respect of the Notes would otherwise

--- Page 141 ---
141 
ansonsten auf einen Kalendertag fiele, der kein 
Zahltag (wie nachstehend definiert) ist, so wird 
der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung 
fall on a calendar day which is not a Payment 
Business Day (as defined below), the due date for 
such payment shall be 
[bei 
Anwendung 
der 
Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention einfügen: auf den 
nächstfolgenden Kalendertag verschoben, bei 
dem es sich um einen Zahltag handelt, es sei 
denn, der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in 
diesem Fall wird der Fälligkeitstag für diese 
Zahlung auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden 
Kalendertag vorgezogen, bei dem es sich um 
einen Zahltag handelt.] 
[in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention applies, insert: postponed to the 
next calendar day which is a Payment Business 
Day unless the due date for such payment would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event the due date for such payment shall be the 
immediately preceding calendar day which is a 
Payment Business Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der Following Business Day 
Convention einfügen: auf den nächstfolgenden 
Kalendertag verschoben, bei dem es sich um 
einen Zahltag handelt.] 
[in case Following Business Day Convention 
applies, insert: postponed to the next calendar 
day which is a Payment Business Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der Preceding Business Day 
Convention einfügen: auf den unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden Kalendertag vorgezogen, bei 
dem es sich um einen Zahltag handelt.] 
[in case Preceding Business Day Convention 
applies, 
insert: 
moved 
forward 
to 
the 
immediately preceding calendar day which is a 
Payment Business Day.] 
"Zahltag" bezeichnet einen Kalendertag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag); (i) an dem das 
Clearingsystem geöffnet ist; und (ii) der ein 
Geschäftstag (wie in § 1 (6) definiert) ist. 
"Payment Business Day" means a calendar day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday): (i) on which 
the Clearing System is open; and (ii) which is a 
Business Day (as defined in § 1 (6)). 
[Falls der Zinsbetrag angepasst werden soll, 
einfügen: Falls der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
(wie 
oben 
beschrieben) 
[falls 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
oder Preceding Business Day Convention 
Anwendung finden, einfügen: vorgezogen wird] 
[oder] [falls Modified Following Business Day 
Convention oder Following Business Day 
Convention Anwendung finden, einfügen: sich 
nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
[If the Interest Amount shall be adjusted, 
insert: If the due date for a payment of interest is 
[in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: brought forward] 
[or] [in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: [postponed] (as 
described above), the amount of interest shall be 
adjusted accordingly.] 
[Falls der Zinsbetrag nicht angepasst werden 
soll, einfügen: Falls der Fälligkeitstag einer 
Zahlung von Zinsen (wie oben beschrieben) [falls 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
oder Preceding Business Day Convention 
Anwendung findet, einfügen: vorgezogen wird] 
[oder] [falls Modified Following Business Day 
Convention oder Following Business Day 
Convention Anwendung findet, einfügen: sich 
nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag nicht 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
[If the Interest Amount shall not be adjusted, 
insert: If the due date for a payment of interest is 
[in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: brought forward] 
[or] [in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: postponed] (as 
described above), the amount of interest shall not 
be adjusted accordingly.] 
Falls der Fälligkeitstag der Rückzahlung des 
Nennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
angepasst wird, ist der Gläubiger nicht berechtigt, 
Zahlungen 
aufgrund 
dieser 
Anpassung 
zu 
verlangen.] 
If the due date for the redemption of the principal 
amount of the Notes is adjusted the Holder shall 
not be entitled to payments in respect of such 
adjustment.] 
[Bei 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
Fix-to-
Floating Verzinsung, einfügen: 
[Insert for Notes with Fix-to-Floating interest: 
(3) Festzahltag. Sofern der Fälligkeitstag für eine 
Zahlung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen, 
der vor oder auf dem Zinssatzwechseltag liegt, 
(3) Fixed Payment Business Day. If the due date 
for any payment in respect of the Notes which 
falls prior to or on the Interest Rate Change Date

--- Page 142 ---
142 
ansonsten auf einen Kalendertag fiele, der kein 
Festzahltag (wie nachstehend definiert) ist, so 
wird der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung 
would otherwise fall on a calendar day which is 
not a Fixed Payment Business Day (as defined 
below), the due date for such payment shall be 
[bei 
Anwendung 
der 
Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention einfügen: auf den 
nächstfolgenden Kalendertag verschoben, bei 
dem es sich um einen Festzahltag handelt, es sei 
denn, der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in 
diesem Fall wird der Fälligkeitstag für diese 
Zahlung auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden 
Kalendertag vorgezogen, bei dem es sich um 
einen Festzahltag handelt.] 
[in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention applies, insert: postponed to the 
next calendar day which is a Fixed Payment 
Business Day unless the due date for such 
payment would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event the due date for such 
payment shall be the immediately preceding 
calendar day which is a Fixed Payment Business 
Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der Following Business Day 
Convention einfügen: auf den nächstfolgenden 
Kalendertag verschoben, bei dem es sich um 
einen Festzahltag handelt.] 
[in case Following Business Day Convention 
applies, insert: postponed to the next calendar 
day which is a Fixed Payment Business Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der Preceding Business Day 
Convention einfügen: auf den unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden Kalendertag vorgezogen, bei 
dem es sich um einen Festzahltag handelt.] 
[in case Preceding Business Day Convention 
applies, 
insert: 
moved 
forward 
to 
the 
immediately preceding calendar day which is a 
Fixed Payment Business Day.] 
"Festzahltag" 
bezeichnet 
einen 
Kalendertag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag); (i) an dem 
das Clearingsystem geöffnet ist; und (ii) der ein 
Geschäftstag (wie in § 1 (6) definiert) ist. 
"Fixed Payment Business Day" means a 
calendar day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday): (i) on which the Clearing System is 
open; and (ii) which is a Business Day (as defined 
in § 1 (6)). 
[Falls der Zinsbetrag angepasst werden soll, 
einfügen: Falls ein Festzahltag [falls Modified 
Following Business Day Convention oder 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
Anwendung finden, einfügen: vorgezogen wird] 
[oder] [falls Modified Following Business Day 
Convention oder Following Business Day 
Convention Anwendung finden, einfügen: sich 
nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
[If the Interest Amount shall be adjusted, 
insert: If any Fixed Payment Business Day is [in 
case 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
or 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: brought forward] 
[or] [in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: [postponed] (as 
described above), the amount of interest shall be 
adjusted accordingly.] 
[Falls der Zinsbetrag nicht angepasst werden 
soll, einfügen: Falls ein Festzahltag [falls 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
oder Preceding Business Day Convention 
Anwendung findet, einfügen: vorgezogen wird] 
[oder] [falls Modified Following Business Day 
Convention oder Following Business Day 
Convention Anwendung findet, einfügen: sich 
nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag nicht 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
[If the Interest Amount shall not be adjusted, 
insert: If any Fixed Payment Business Day is [in 
case 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
or 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: brought forward] 
[or] [in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: postponed] (as 
described above), the amount of interest shall not 
be adjusted accordingly.] 
(4) Variabler Zahltag. Sofern der Fälligkeitstag für 
eine 
Zahlung 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
der 
nach 
dem 
Zinssatzwechseltag liegt, ansonsten auf einen 
Kalendertag fiele, der kein Variabler Zahltag (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
ist, 
so 
wird 
der 
Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung 
(4) Variable Payment Business Day. If the due 
date for any payment in respect of the Notes 
which falls after the Interest Rate Change Date 
would otherwise fall on a calendar day which is 
not a Variable Payment Business Day (as defined 
below), the due date for such payment shall be 
[bei 
Anwendung 
der 
Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention einfügen: auf den 
nächstfolgenden Kalendertag verschoben, bei 
dem es sich um einen Variablen Zahltag handelt, 
[in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention applies, insert: postponed to the 
next calendar day which is a Variable Payment 
Business Day unless the due date for such

--- Page 143 ---
143 
es sei denn, der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung 
würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat 
fallen; in diesem Fall wird der Fälligkeitstag für 
diese 
Zahlung 
auf 
den 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden Kalendertag vorgezogen, bei 
dem es sich um einen Variablen Zahltag handelt.] 
payment would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event the due date for such 
payment shall be the immediately preceding 
calendar day which is a Variable Payment 
Business Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der Following Business Day 
Convention einfügen: auf den nächstfolgenden 
Kalendertag verschoben, bei dem es sich um 
einen Variablen Zahltag handelt.] 
[in case Following Business Day Convention 
applies, insert: postponed to the next calendar 
day which is a Variable Payment Business Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der Preceding Business Day 
Convention einfügen: auf den unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden Kalendertag vorgezogen, bei 
dem es sich um einen Variablen Zahltag handelt.] 
[in case Preceding Business Day Convention 
applies, 
insert: 
moved 
forward 
to 
the 
immediately preceding calendar day which is a 
Variable Payment Business Day.] 
"Variabler 
Zahltag" 
bezeichnet 
einen 
Kalendertag 
(außer 
einem 
Samstag 
oder 
Sonntag); (i) an dem das Clearingsystem geöffnet 
ist; und (ii) der ein Geschäftstag (wie in § 1 (6) 
definiert) ist. 
"Variable Payment Business Day" means a 
calendar day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday): (i) on which the Clearing System is 
open; and (ii) which is a Business Day (as defined 
in § 1 (6)). 
[Falls der Zinsbetrag angepasst werden soll, 
einfügen: Falls ein Variabler Zahltag [falls 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
oder Preceding Business Day Convention 
Anwendung finden, einfügen: vorgezogen wird] 
[oder] [falls Modified Following Business Day 
Convention oder Following Business Day 
Convention Anwendung finden, einfügen: sich 
nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
[If the Interest Amount shall be adjusted, 
insert: If any Variable Payment Business Day is 
[in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: brought forward] 
[or] [in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: [postponed] (as 
described above), the amount of interest shall be 
adjusted accordingly.] 
[Falls der Zinsbetrag nicht angepasst werden 
soll, einfügen: Falls ein Variabler Zahltag [falls 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
oder Preceding Business Day Convention 
Anwendung findet, einfügen: vorgezogen wird] 
[oder] [falls Modified Following Business Day 
Convention oder Following Business Day 
Convention Anwendung findet, einfügen: sich 
nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag nicht 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
[If the Interest Amount shall not be adjusted, 
insert: If any Variable Payment Business Day is 
[in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: brought forward] 
[or] [in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: postponed] (as 
described above), the amount of interest shall not 
be adjusted accordingly.] 
Falls der Fälligkeitstag der Rückzahlung des 
Nennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
angepasst wird, ist der Gläubiger nicht berechtigt, 
Zahlungen 
aufgrund 
dieser 
Anpassung 
zu 
verlangen.] 
If the due date for the redemption of the principal 
amount of the Notes is adjusted the Holder shall 
not be entitled to payments in respect of such 
adjustment.] 
([4/5]) Bezugnahmen 
auf 
Kapital 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzahlbar 
sind, 
einfügen: und Zinsen]. Bezugnahmen in diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen 
auf 
"Kapital" 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, die folgenden Beträge ein: den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
(wie in § 5 (1) angegeben); den vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
(wie in § 5 angegeben); [falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
anderen 
als 
steuerlichen 
Gründen 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, einfügen: den Wahl-
([4/5]) References to Principal [in case the Notes 
are early redeemable for reasons of taxation 
insert: and Interest]. References in these Terms 
and Conditions to "principal" in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes (as 
specified in § 5 (1)); the Early Redemption 
Amount of the Notes (as specified in § 5); [in 
case the Notes are early redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer for reasons other than for 
reasons of taxation reasons insert: the Call 
Redemption Amount of the Notes (as specified in 
§ 5);] [in case the Notes are early redeemable 
at the option of the Holder insert: the Put

--- Page 144 ---
144 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (wie in § 5 angegeben);] 
[falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen, einfügen: den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (wie in § 5 angegeben);] 
sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren 
Beträge 
(außer 
Zinsen). 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen vorzeitig rückzahlbar sind, einfügen: 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
auf 
"Zinsen" 
aus 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß 
§ 7 (2) zahlbaren Zusätzlichen Beträge (wie in 
§ 7 (2) definiert) ein.] 
Redemption Amount of the Notes (as specified in 
§ 5);] and any premium and any other amounts 
(other than interest) which may be payable under 
or in respect of the Notes. [In case the Notes are 
early redeemable for reasons of taxation 
insert: 
References 
in 
these 
Terms 
and 
Conditions to "interest" in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any 
Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7 (2)) which 
may be payable under § 7 (2).] 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
[Im Fall von Rückzahlung am Fälligkeitstag 
einfügen: 
[In case of redemption on the Maturity Date 
insert: 
(1) Rückzahlung am Fälligkeitstag [im Fall von 
Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen, 
deren Laufzeit sich bei Nichtzahlung des 
ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrags durch die 
Emittentin 
am 
Fälligkeitstag 
verlängert, 
einfügen: oder am Erweiterten Fälligkeitstag]. 
Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder zurückgekauft und entwertet, 
werden die Schuldverschreibungen, vorbehaltlich 
einer Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in 
§ 4 ([3/4]) enthaltenen Bestimmungen zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
am 
[Fälligkeitstag 
einfügen] (der "Fälligkeitstag") [im Fall von 
Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen, 
deren Laufzeit sich bei Nichtzahlung des 
ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrags durch die 
Emittentin 
am 
Fälligkeitstag 
verlängert, 
einfügen: oder, falls sich die Laufzeit der 
Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit 
den 
in 
§ 5 (1a) 
enthaltenen 
Bestimmungen 
verlängert, 
am 
[Erweiterten 
Fälligkeitstag 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Erweiterte 
Fälligkeitstag")] 
zurückgezahlt. Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" in 
Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung entspricht 
dem Produkt aus dem Rückzahlungskurs und der 
festgelegten Stückelung.  
(1) Redemption on the Maturity Date [in case of 
Covered 
Bank 
Bonds 
(Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen), 
whose 
term 
shall be extended in case the Issuer does not 
pay the outstanding 
aggregate principal 
amount on the Maturity Date, insert: or the 
Extended Maturity Date]. Unless previously 
redeemed in whole or in part or repurchased and 
cancelled, 
and 
subject 
to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance with the provisions set out in 
§ 4 ([3/4]), the Notes shall be redeemed at their 
Final Redemption Amount on [insert Maturity 
Date] (the "Maturity Date") [in case of Covered 
Bank 
Bonds 
(Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen), 
whose 
term 
shall be extended in case the Issuer does not 
pay the outstanding 
aggregate principal 
amount on the Maturity Date, insert: or, in case 
the term of the Notes is extended in accordance 
with the provisions set out in § 5 (1a), on [insert 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date] 
(the 
"Extended 
Maturity 
Date")]. 
The 
"Final 
Redemption 
Amount" in respect of each Note shall be the 
product of the Redemption Price and the 
Specified Denomination.  
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fixem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with fixed redemption 
amount, insert: 
Der 
"Rückzahlungskurs" 
entspricht 
[Rückzahlungskurs 
als 
Prozentsatz 
einfügen]%.]] 
The "Redemption Price" is [insert redemption 
price as a percentage] per cent.]] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen, deren Laufzeit 
sich bei Nichtzahlung des ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags durch die Emittentin am 
Fälligkeitstag verlängert, einfügen: 
[In case of Covered Bank Bonds (Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen), 
whose 
term 
shall be extended in case the Issuer does not 
pay the outstanding 
aggregate principal 
amount on the Maturity Date, insert:  
[Die im Folgenden verwendeten definierten 
[The defined terms used hereinafter only

--- Page 145 ---
145 
Begriffe gelten nur für die Absätze (1a) ff.] 
apply to paragraphs (1a) et seqq.] 
(1a) Verlängerung 
der 
Laufzeit 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
(1a) Extension of the Term of the Notes. 
Falls die Emittentin den Gläubigern nicht weniger 
als 5 (fünf) Geschäftstage vor dem Fälligkeitstag 
mitteilt, dass die Emittentin den ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
am Fälligkeitstag nicht zurückzahlen kann (die 
"Nichtzahlungsmitteilung"), verlängert sich die 
Laufzeit der Schuldverschreibungen bis zum 
Erweiterten Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich). In 
diesem 
Fall 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
und 
nicht 
teilweise an dem Erweiterten Fälligkeitstag zum 
Rückzahlungsbetrag nebst etwaigen bis zum 
Erweiterten 
Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. Weder die 
Nichtzahlung 
des 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags am Fälligkeitstag noch die 
Verlängerung 
der 
Laufzeit 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen stellt einen Verzugsfall 
der Emittentin für irgendwelche Zwecke dar oder 
gibt 
einem 
Gläubiger 
das 
Recht, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu kündigen oder andere 
als ausdrücklich in diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
vorgesehene 
Zahlungen 
zu 
erhalten. 
Die 
Nichtzahlungsmitteilung ist unwiderruflich und hat 
gemäß § 10 zu erfolgen. 
If the Issuer notifies the Holder not less than 5 
(five) Business Days prior to the Maturity Date 
that the Issuer cannot redeem the outstanding 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes on the 
Maturity Date (the "Non-payment Notice"), the 
term of the Notes shall be extended to, but 
excluding, the Extended Maturity Date. In this 
case, the Issuer shall redeem all and not only 
some of the Notes on the Extended Maturity Date 
at the Final Redemption Amount together with 
accrued interest, if any, to, but excluding, the 
Extended Maturity Date. Neither the failure to pay 
the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes on the Maturity Date nor the extension of 
the term of the Notes shall constitute an event of 
default for any purpose or give any Holder any 
right to accelerate the Notes or to receive any 
payment other than as expressly set out in these 
Terms and Conditions. The Non-payment Notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall be given in 
accordance with § 10. 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Fundierten 
Bankschuldverschreibungen, deren Laufzeit 
sich bei Nichtzahlung des ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags durch die Emittentin am 
Fälligkeitstag 
verlängert 
und 
deren 
Verzinsung geändert wird, einfügen: 
[In case of Covered Bank Bonds (Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen), 
whose 
term 
shall be extended in case the Issuer does not 
pay the outstanding 
aggregate principal 
amount on the Maturity Date and whose 
interest rate will be changed, insert:  
(1b) Zinssatz. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
ihres 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom 
Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich) bis zum Erweiterten 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 (1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich).  
(1b) Rate of Interest. The Notes shall bear 
interest on their outstanding aggregate principal 
amount from, and including, Maturity Date to, but 
excluding, the Extended Maturity Date (as defined 
in § 5 (1)).  
[Falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode 
(wie nachstehend definiert) ist der Relevante 
Referenzsatz (wie nachstehend definiert) [im Fall 
einer Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [/] [abzüglich] 
der Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)] [im Fall 
eines Faktors einfügen: [und] multipliziert mit 
dem Faktor [Faktor einfügen]]. 
[In case interpolation applies, insert: The rate 
of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each 
Interest Period (as defined below) shall be the 
Relevant Reference Rate (as defined below) [in 
case of a Margin insert: [plus] [/] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)] [in case of a Factor 
insert: [and] multiplied by the factor [insert 
Factor]]. 
"Relevanter Referenzsatz" bezeichnet, sofern 
nachstehend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, 
mit Bezug auf: (i) die [maßgebliche kurze oder 
lange erste oder letzte Zinsperiode einfügen] 
(die "Interpolierte Zinsperiode") den durch 
lineare Interpolation zwischen dem verfügbaren 
Referenzzinssatz (wie nachstehend definiert) mit 
der im Verhältnis zur Laufzeit der Interpolierten 
Zinsperiode nächst kürzeren Laufzeit und dem 
verfügbaren 
Referenzzinssatz 
mit 
der 
im 
"Relevant Reference Rate" means, except as 
provided below, in respect of: (i) the [insert 
relevant short or long first or last interest 
period] (the "Interpolated Interest Period") the 
rate determined by straight-line interpolation 
between the available Reference Interest Rate 
(as defined below) with the next shorter term than 
the term of the Interpolated Interest Period and 
the available Reference Interest Rate with the 
next longer term than the term of the Interpolated

--- Page 146 ---
146 
Verhältnis zur Interpolierten Zinsperiode nächst 
längeren 
Laufzeit; 
und 
(ii) alle 
anderen 
Zinsperioden 
den 
[Zahl, 
Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzzinssatzes einfügen, der auf alle 
Zinsperioden 
anwendbar 
ist, 
auf 
die 
Interpolation 
nicht 
anwendbar 
ist] 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
(zusammen 
mit 
den 
Referenzzinsätzen 
für 
die 
Interpolierte 
Zinsperiode die "Referenzzinssätze" und je ein 
"Referenzzinssatz"), jeweils als Prozentsatz per 
annum ausgedrückt. 
Interest Period; and (ii) all other Interest Periods 
the [insert number, term and name of the 
relevant Reference Interest Rate which shall 
apply 
to 
all 
Interest 
Periods 
to 
which 
interpolation shall not apply] (as defined below) 
(together with the reference interest rates for the 
Interpolated Interest Period the "Reference 
Interest Rates" and each a "Reference Interest 
Rate"), in each case expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum. 
Bei dem relevanten Referenzzinssatz handelt es 
sich jeweils um den Angebotssatz für Einlagen in 
der festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die 
der Laufzeit des relevanten Referenzzinssatzes 
entspricht, der auf der Bildschirmseite (wie 
nachstehend definiert) am Feststellungstag (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
gegen 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) angezeigt 
wird, 
wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) angegeben) 
erfolgen.] 
The relevant Reference Interest Rate shall be in 
each case the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified 
Currency 
with 
a 
term, 
which 
corresponds with the term of the relevant 
Reference Interest Rate, which appears on the 
Screen Page (as defined below) as of [insert 
relevant 
time] 
([insert 
relevant 
financial 
centre] time) on the Determination Day (as 
defined below), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (as specified in § 6 (1).] 
[Falls 
Interpolation 
nicht 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist der 
Referenzzinssatz (wie nachstehend definiert), [im 
Fall einer Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [/] 
[abzüglich] 
der 
Marge 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert)] [im Fall eines Faktors einfügen: [und] 
multipliziert mit dem Faktor [Faktor einfügen]]. 
[In case interpolation does not apply, insert: 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for 
each Interest Period (as defined below) shall be 
the Reference Interest Rate (as defined below), 
[in case of a Margin insert: [plus] [/] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)] [in case of a Factor 
insert: [and] multiplied by the factor [insert 
Factor]]. 
"Referenzzinssatz" 
bezeichnet, 
sofern 
nachstehend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, 
den [Zahl, Laufzeit und Bezeichnung des 
relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen] (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert), 
ausgedrückt 
als 
Prozentsatz per annum. 
"Reference Interest Rate" means, except as 
provided below, the [insert number, term and 
name of the relevant Reference Interest Rate] 
(as defined below), expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum. 
Bei dem [Zahl, Laufzeit und Bezeichnung des 
relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen] handelt 
es sich um den Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der 
festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die der 
Laufzeit des Referenzzinssatzes entspricht, der 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) am Feststellungstag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) gegen [relevante Tageszeit einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Ortszeit) angezeigt wird, wobei alle Festlegungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) 
angegeben) erfolgen.] 
The [insert number, term and name of the 
relevant Reference Interest Rate] shall be the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency 
with a term, which corresponds with the term of 
the Reference Interest Rate, which appears on 
the Screen Page (as defined below) as of [insert 
relevant 
time] 
([insert 
relevant 
financial 
centre] time) on the Determination Day (as 
defined below), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (as specified in § 6 (1)).] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich nicht ändert, einfügen: 
Die "Marge" beträgt [Satz einfügen]% per 
annum.] 
[In case of Notes which have a margin which 
does not change, insert: "Margin" means 
[insert rate] per cent. per annum.] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich ändert, einfügen: Die 
"Marge" beträgt für die Zinsperiode[n] 
[in case of Notes which have a margin which 
changes, insert: "Margin" means in respect of 
the Interest Period[s]

--- Page 147 ---
147 
vom 
(einschließ-
lich) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[zuzüglich] 
[/] 
[abzüglich] 
[Marge 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
] 
from, 
and 
including, 
to, 
but 
excluding, 
 
 
[insert date] 
[insert 
date] 
[plus] [/] 
[minus] 
[insert 
Margin] per 
cent. per 
annum 
] 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum vom 
Fälligkeitstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
[Erweiterten 
Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich)] 
[ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) und von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
[jeweils 
nächsten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich)] 
[Erweiterten 
Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich)]].  
"Interest Period" means each period from, and 
including, the Maturity Date to, but excluding, the 
[Extended Maturity Date] [first Interest Payment 
Date and from, and including, each Interest 
Payment Date to [, but excluding, the following 
Interest Payment Date respectively] [, but 
excluding, the Extended Maturity Date]].  
"Feststellungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[ersten] 
[zweiten] 
[andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen einfügen] Geschäftstag [vor 
[Beginn] [Ende]] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.  
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] 
[insert other relevant number of Business 
Days] 
Business 
Day 
[prior 
to 
the 
[commencement] [end]] of the relevant Interest 
Period.  
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
oder 
die 
Nachfolgeseite, 
die 
von 
dem 
gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für 
die 
Anzeige 
des 
[falls 
Interpolation 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
relevanten] 
Referenzzinssatzes benannt wird, angezeigt wird. 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen 
Page] or the successor page displayed by the 
same 
information 
provider 
or 
any 
other 
information provider nominated by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement information provider for 
the 
purposes 
of 
displaying 
the 
[in 
case 
interpolation 
applies, 
insert: 
relevant] 
Reference Interest Rate. 
Sollte 
die 
Bildschirmseite 
nicht 
mehr 
zur 
Verfügung 
stehen, 
oder 
wird 
der 
[falls 
Interpolation 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
relevante] Referenzzinssatz zu der genannten 
Zeit am relevanten Feststellungstag nicht auf der 
Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt, 
wird 
die 
Berechnungsstelle von jeder der Referenzbanken 
(wie nachstehend definiert) deren jeweiligen Satz 
(jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt) 
anfordern, 
zu 
dem 
sie 
Einlagen 
in 
der 
festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die der 
Laufzeit des [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
relevanten] 
Referenzzinssatzes 
entspricht, 
um 
ca 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Ortszeit) 
am 
Feststellungstag 
anbieten. 
If the Screen Page is unavailable or if the [in 
case interpolation applies, insert: relevant] 
Reference Interest Rate does not appear on the 
Screen Page as at such time on the relevant 
Determination Day, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
at which it offers deposits in the Specified 
Currency with a term, which corresponds with the 
term of the [in case interpolation applies, 
insert: relevant] Reference Interest Rate, at 
approximately [insert relevant time] ([insert 
relevant 
financial 
centre] 
time) 
on 
the 
Determination Day. 
Falls zwei oder mehr Referenzbanken der 
Berechnungsstelle solche Sätze nennen, gilt als 
[falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
relevanter] Referenzzinssatz für die relevante 
Zinsperiode 
das 
arithmetische 
Mittel 
(falls 
erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das 
nächste [falls der Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR 
ist, 
einfügen: 
Tausendstel 
Prozent, 
wobei 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such rates, the [in case 
interpolation 
applies, 
insert: 
relevant] 
Reference Interest Rate for such Interest Period 
shall be deemed to be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest [if the 
Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR insert: 
one thousandth of a percentage point, with

--- Page 148 ---
148 
0,0005 
aufgerundet 
wird] 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz nicht EURIBOR ist, einfügen: 
Hunderttausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,000005 
aufgerundet wird]) dieser Sätze, wobei alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
erfolgen. 
0.0005 
being 
rounded 
upwards] 
[if 
the 
Reference Interest Rate is not EURIBOR 
insert: one hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards]) of 
such rates, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
Für den Fall, dass der [falls Interpolation 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
relevante] 
Referenzzinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes ermittelt werden 
kann, gilt als [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: relevante] Referenzzinssatz für die 
relevante 
Zinsperiode 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
gemäß 
ihrem 
billigen 
Ermessen bestimmte Satz; bei der Bestimmung 
dieses Satzes richtet sich die Berechnungsstelle 
nach der üblichen Marktpraxis. 
If the [in case interpolation applies, insert: 
relevant] Reference Interest Rate cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the [in case 
interpolation 
applies, 
insert: 
relevant]  
Reference Interest Rate for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be deemed to be the rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion; the Calculation Agent shall take 
general market practice into account when 
determining such rate. 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet [relevante Zahl 
einfügen] 
Großbanken 
im 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz 
nicht 
der 
EURIBOR 
Ist 
einfügen: 
[relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen]] 
Interbankenmarkt 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR ist, einfügen: der 
Euro-Zone oder im Londoner Interbankenmarkt]. 
"Reference Banks" means [insert relevant 
number] major banks in the [if the Reference 
Interest Rate is not EURIBOR insert: [insert 
relevant financial centre]] interbank market [if 
the Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR 
insert: of the Euro-zone or in the London 
interbank market].  
[Falls der Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR ist, 
einfügen: "Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet 
derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten der 
Europäischen 
Union, die gemäß dem Vertrag über die 
Gründung 
der 
Europäischen 
Gemeinschaft 
(unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 1957), 
geändert durch den Vertrag über die Europäische 
Union (unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 
1992), den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 
1997 und den Vertrag von Lissabon vom 
13. Dezember 
2007, 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, die einheitliche Währung eingeführt 
haben oder jeweils eingeführt haben werden.] 
[If the Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR 
insert: "Euro-zone" means the region comprised 
of those member states of the European Union 
that have adopted, or will have adopted from time 
to time, the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam 
Treaty of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon 
of 13 December 2007, as further amended from 
time to time.] 
[Falls 
bei 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
variablem Zinssatz ein Mindest- und/oder ein 
Höchstzinssatz gilt, einfügen: 
[If in case of Notes with a floating interest rate, 
a Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
applies, insert: 
(1c) [Mindest-] [und] [Höchst-] [und] [Memory-] 
Zinssatz. 
(1c) [Minimum] [and] [Maximum] [and] [Memory] 
Rate of Interest. 
[Falls ein Mindestzinssatz gilt, einfügen: Wenn 
der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz niedriger ist als 
[Mindestzinssatz einfügen]% per annum, so ist 
der 
Zinssatz 
für 
diese 
Zinsperiode 
[Mindestzinssatz einfügen]% per annum. (der 
"Mindestzinssatz")] 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibung eine Memory Floater-
Zinsstruktur aufweist, einfügen: Wenn der 
gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode (die "maßgebliche Zinsperiode") 
ermittelte Zinssatz niedriger ist als der Zinssatz 
der unmittelbar vorhergehenden Zinsperiode, so 
ist der Zinssatz für die maßgebliche Zinsperiode 
der Zinssatz der unmittelbar vorhergehenden 
Zinsperiode ("Memory Floater").] 
[If Minimum Rate of Interest applies, insert: If 
the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is less than [insert Minimum Rate of 
Interest] per cent. per annum, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert 
Minimum Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum 
(the "Minimum Rate of Interest").] [in case the 
Notes 
have 
a 
Memory 
Floater 
interest 
structure, insert: If the Rate of Interest in respect 
of any Interest Period (the "relevant Interest 
Period") determined in accordance with the 
above provisions is less than the Rate of Interest 
of the immediately preceding Interest Period, the 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period 
shall be the Rate of Interest of the immediately

--- Page 149 ---
149 
preceding Interest Period ("Memory Floater").] 
[Falls 
mehrere 
Mindestzinssätze 
gelten, 
einfügen: 
Wenn 
der 
gemäß 
den 
obigen 
Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz niedriger ist als der für die maßgebliche 
Zinsperiode in nachstehender Tabelle angeführte 
Mindestzinssatz (der "Mindestzinssatz") in % per 
annum, so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
dieser Mindestzinssatz.  
[If more than one Minimum Rate of Interest 
applies, insert: If the Rate of Interest in respect 
of any Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the above provisions is less than the 
minimum rate of interest as indicated in the below 
table in per cent. per annum, (the "Minimum 
Rate of Interest") the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be the Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
vom 
(einschließ-
lich) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
Mindest-
zinssatz 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
(einschließ-
lich 
des 
Fälligkeits-
tags 
und 
des 
Erweiterten 
Fälligkeits-
tags 
(falls 
anwendbar)
) einfügen] 
[Mindest-
zinssatz 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
from, and 
including, 
to, but 
excluding, 
Minimum 
Rate of 
[insert date] 
[insert date 
(including 
the Maturity 
Date 
and 
the 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date 
(if 
applicable))
] 
[insert 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest] per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
 
[Falls ein Höchstzinssatz gilt, einfügen: Wenn 
der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz höher ist als 
[Höchstzinssatz einfügen]% per annum, so ist 
der 
Zinssatz 
für 
diese 
Zinsperiode 
[Höchstzinssatz einfügen]% per annum.]]  
[If Maximum Rate of Interest applies insert: If 
the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is greater than [insert Maximum Rate 
of Interest] per cent. per annum, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert 
Maximum Rate of Interest] per cent. per 
annum.]]  
([1c/1d]) Zinszahlungstage. 
([1c/1d]) Interest Payment Dates. 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind im 
Nachhinein an jedem Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
"Zinszahlungstag" bedeutet jeder [festgelegte 
Zinszahlungstage einfügen], beginnend mit 
dem [ersten Zinszahlungstag einfügen]. 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date. "Interest Payment 
Date" means each [insert specified Interest 
Payment Dates], commencing on [insert first 
Interest Payment Date]. 
Zinszahlungstage unterliegen einer Anpassung in 
Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 (3) enthaltenen 
Bestimmungen. 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the provisions set out in 
§ 4 (3). 
([1d/1e]) Verzugszinsen. 
Der 
Zinslauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Ablauf des 
Kalendertages, der dem Kalendertag vorangeht, 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin 
die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht 
einlöst, wird der ausstehende Gesamtnennbetrag 
der Schuldverschreibungen vom Kalendertag der 
Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Kalendertag der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) weiterhin 
in Höhe des jeweils vorgesehenen Zinssatzes 
verzinst. 
Weitergehende 
Ansprüche 
der 
Gläubiger bleiben unberührt. 
([1d/1e]) Default Interest. The Notes shall cease 
to bear interest from the expiry of the calendar 
day preceding the due date for redemption. If the 
Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, 
interest 
shall 
continue 
to 
accrue 
on 
the 
outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes from, and including, the due date for 
redemption to, but excluding, the date of actual 
redemption of the Notes at the respective rate of 
interest specified. This does not affect any 
additional rights that might be available to the 
Holders. 
([1e/1f]) Berechnung 
des 
Zinsbetrags. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
wird 
den 
auf 
die 
([1e/1f]) Calculation of Amount of Interest. The 
Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of

--- Page 150 ---
150 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Zinsbetrag 
(der "Zinsbetrag") in Bezug auf die festgelegte 
Stückelung 
für 
die 
relevante 
Zinsperiode 
berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag wird berechnet, indem 
der Zinssatz auf die festgelegte Stückelung 
angewendet 
wird, 
dieser 
Betrag 
mit 
dem 
Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend definiert) 
multipliziert und der hieraus resultierende Betrag 
auf die nächste Untereinheit der festgelegten 
Währung gerundet wird, wobei eine halbe 
Untereinheit aufgerundet wird oder die Rundung 
ansonsten 
gemäß 
der 
anwendbaren 
Marktkonvention 
erfolgt. 
Im 
Falle 
einer 
Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode 
kann der auf diese Weise berechnete Zinsbetrag 
ohne Vorankündigung nachträglich angepasst 
(oder andere geeignete Anpassungsregelungen 
getroffen) werden. 
interest payable under the Notes (the "Amount of 
Interest") 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. The 
Amount of Interest shall be calculated by applying 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
to 
the 
Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction (as defined below) 
and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, with 
half of such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
Each 
Amount 
of 
Interest 
so 
calculated may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
([1f/1g]) Mitteilungen 
des 
Zinssatzes. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass die 
Zinsperiode und der Zinssatz der Emittentin, jeder 
Börse, an der die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln 
eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, und den 
Gläubigern gemäß § 10 baldmöglichst nach ihrer 
Bestimmung mitgeteilt werden. 
([1f/1g]) Notification of Rate of Interest. The 
Calculation Agent will cause the Interest Period 
and the Rate of Interest to be notified to the 
Issuer, any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are from time to time listed (if required by the 
rules of such stock exchange) and to the Holders 
in accordance with § 10 as soon as possible after 
their determination. 
([1g/1h]) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, 
Quotierungen 
und 
Entscheidungen, 
die 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
für 
die 
Zwecke 
dieses 
§ 5 (1a) ff gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder 
eingeholt werden, sind (sofern keine vorsätzliche 
Pflichtverletzung, kein böser Glaube und kein 
offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, 
die Zahlstellen und die Gläubiger bindend, und, 
sofern 
keiner 
der 
vorstehend 
genannten 
Umstände vorliegt, haftet die Berechnungsstelle 
nicht gegenüber der Emittentin, den Zahlstellen 
oder den Gläubigern im Zusammenhang mit der 
Ausübung oder Nichtausübung ihrer Rechte und 
Pflichten und ihres Ermessens gemäß solchen 
Bestimmungen. 
([1g/1h]) Determinations Binding. All certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
the provisions of this § 5 (1a) et seqq. by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Holders 
and, in the absence of the aforesaid, no liability to 
the Issuer, the Paying Agents or the Holders shall 
attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with 
the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties 
and 
discretions 
pursuant 
to 
such 
provisions. 
([1h/1i]) Zinstagequotient. 
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung eines 
Zinsbetrags auf eine Schuldverschreibung für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
([1h/1i]) Day 
Count 
Fraction. 
"Day 
Count 
Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of 
an amount of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ICMA) anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
[In case Actual/Actual (ICMA) applies, insert: 
(a) 
falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum kürzer 
ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, 
oder falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum der 
Feststellungsperiode entspricht, die Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch das 
Produkt 
aus: 
(x) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage in der Feststellungsperiode; 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Calculation Period ends, 
the number of calendar days in such 
Calculation Period divided by the product 
of: (x) the number of calendar days in such 
Determination Period; and (y) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified below)

--- Page 151 ---
151 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine 
(wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr; oder 
that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger 
ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, 
die Summe aus 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the 
Calculation Period ends, the sum of 
(i) 
der Anzahl der Kalendertage in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, 
in 
welcher 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
beginnt, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus: (x) der 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in der 
Feststellungsperiode; 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungstermine in 
einem Kalenderjahr; und 
(i) 
the number of calendar days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the 
Calculation Period begins divided by 
the product of: (x) the number of 
calendar days in such Determination 
Period; 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Dates 
that 
would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
der Anzahl der Kalendertage in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
nächste Feststellungsperiode fallen, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus: (x) der 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in dieser 
Feststellungsperiode; 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungstermine in 
einem Kalenderjahr. 
(ii) 
the number of calendar days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the 
product 
of: 
(x) the 
number 
of 
calendar days in such Determination 
Period; 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Dates 
that 
would 
occur in one calendar year. 
"Feststellungsperiode" ist der Zeitraum von 
einem Feststellungstermin (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
nächsten 
Feststellungstermin 
(ausschließlich); dies schließt dann, wenn der 
Fälligkeitstag kein Feststellungstermin ist, den 
Zeitraum 
ein, 
der 
an 
dem 
ersten 
Feststellungstermin 
vor 
dem 
Fälligkeitstag 
anfängt, 
und 
dann, 
wenn 
der 
[letzte 
Zinszahlungstag] [Erweiterte Fälligkeitstag] kein 
Feststellungstermin ist, den Zeitraum ein, der an 
dem 
ersten 
Feststellungstermin 
nach 
dem 
[letzten 
Zinszahlungstag] 
[Erweiterten 
Fälligkeitstag] endet. 
"Determination Period" means the period from, 
and including, a Determination Date to, but 
excluding, the next Determination Date (including, 
where the Maturity Date is not a Determination 
Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to the Maturity Date, and 
where 
the 
[final 
Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[Extended Maturity Date] is not a Determination 
Date, the first Determination Date falling after the 
[final Interest Payment Date] [Extended Maturity 
Date], as the case may be). 
Die 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine 
im 
Kalenderjahr (jeweils ein "Feststellungstermin") 
beträgt 
[Anzahl 
der 
regulären 
Zinszahlungstage im Kalenderjahr einfügen].] 
The number of interest determination dates per 
calendar year (each a "Determination Date") is 
[insert number of regular interest payment 
dates per calendar year].] 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ISDA) anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, 
die Summe aus: 
[In case Actual/Actual (ISDA) applies, insert: 
the actual number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
calculation portion of that Calculation Period falls 
in a leap year, the sum of: 
(a) 
der 
tatsächlichen 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
in 
dem 
Teil 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
die 
in 
das 
Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 366; und 
(a) 
the actual number of calendar days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366; and 
(b) 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Kalendertagen 
in 
dem 
Teil 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die nicht in ein 
Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 365).] 
(b) 
the actual number of calendar days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365).] 
[Falls 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) 
anwendbar 
ist, 
[In case Actual/365 (Fixed) applies, insert: the

--- Page 152 ---
152 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 365.] 
actual number of calendar days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.] 
[Falls Actual/360 anwendbar ist, einfügen: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[In case Actual/360 applies, insert: the actual 
number of calendar days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360.] 
[Falls 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert 
durch 360, 
wobei 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Kalendertagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 
30 Kalendertagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn: 
[In case 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
applies, insert: the number of calendar days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number 
of calendar days to be calculated on the basis of 
a year of 360 calendar days with twelve 30-
calendar day months (unless: 
(a) 
der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 
31. Kalendertag eines Monats, während 
der 
erste 
Kalendertag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 
30. noch auf den 31. Kalendertag eines 
Monats fällt, wobei in diesem Fall der den 
letzten Kalendertag enthaltende Monat 
nicht als ein auf 30 Kalendertage gekürzter 
Monat zu behandeln ist; oder 
(a) 
the last calendar day of the Calculation 
Period is the 31st calendar day of a month 
but the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period is a calendar day other than the 30th 
or 31st calendar day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last 
calendar day shall not be considered to be 
shortened to a 30-calendar day month; or 
(b) 
der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 
letzten Kalendertag des Monats Februar, 
wobei in diesem Fall der Monat Februar 
nicht 
als 
ein 
auf 
30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
(b) 
the last calendar day of the Calculation 
Period is the last calendar day of the month 
of February in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-calendar day month).] 
[Falls 
30E/360 
oder 
Eurobond 
Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert 
durch 360 
(wobei 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Kalendertagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 
30 Kalendertagen zu ermitteln ist, und zwar ohne 
Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten 
Kalendertages 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei denn, der 
Erweiterte Fälligkeitstag ist, im Fall des letzten 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
der 
letzte 
Kalendertag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln ist).] 
[In case 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis applies, 
insert: the number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of 
calendar days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 calendar days with twelve 30-
calendar day months, without regard to the date 
of the first calendar day or last calendar day of the 
Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Extended Maturity Date is 
the last calendar day of the month of February, in 
which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-calendar day 
month).] 
([1i/1j]) Ersatz-Referenzzinssatz. Im Fall eines 
Benchmark-Ereignisses 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert): (i) bemüht sich die Emittentin im 
angemessenen Umfang einen Unabhängigen 
Berater zu ernennen, um im billigen Ermessen 
des Unabhängigen Beraters (in Abstimmung mit 
der Berechnungsstelle und in gutem Glauben und 
auf 
eine 
wirtschaftlich 
vernünftige 
Weise 
handelnd (das "Ersetzungsziel")) einen Ersatz-
Referenzzinssatz zu bestimmen, der an die Stelle 
des 
vom 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
betroffenen 
ursprünglichen Referenzzinssatzes tritt; oder 
(ii) falls der Unabhängige Berater von der 
([1i/1j]) Substitute Reference Interest Rate. In the 
event of a Benchmark Event: (i) the Issuer shall 
use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent 
Advisor 
to 
determine 
in 
the 
Independent Advisor's reasonable discretion (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent and acting 
in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner 
(the 
"Substitution 
Objective")) 
a 
Substitute Reference Interest Rate which shall 
replace the original Reference Interest Rate 
affected by the Benchmark Event; or (ii) if no 
Independent Advisor is or can be timely appointed 
by the Issuer or if an Independent Advisor is

--- Page 153 ---
153 
Emittentin 
nicht 
ernannt 
wird 
oder 
nicht 
zeitgerecht ernannt werden kann oder falls ein 
Unabhängiger Berater von der Emittentin ernannt 
wird, aber dieser keinen Ersatz-Referenzzinssatz 
bestimmt, dann kann die Emittentin (unter 
Berücksichtigung 
des 
Ersetzungsziels) 
bestimmen, welcher Satz (falls überhaupt) den 
vom 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
betroffenen 
ursprünglichen Referenzzinssatz ersetzt hat. Ein 
Ersatz-Referenzzinssatz 
gilt 
ab 
dem 
vom 
Unabhängigen Berater oder von der Emittentin (je 
nachdem) im billigen Ermessen bestimmten 
Feststellungstag 
(einschließlich), 
frühestens 
jedoch ab dem Feststellungstag, der mit dem 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
zusammenfällt 
oder 
auf 
dieses folgt, erstmals mit Wirkung für die 
Zinsperiode, für die an diesem Feststellungstag 
der Zinssatz festgelegt wird. Der "Ersatz-
Referenzzinssatz" ist ein Satz (ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz per annum), der sich aus einem vom 
Unabhängigen Berater oder von der Emittentin (je 
nachdem) im billigen Ermessen festgelegten 
Alternativ-Referenzzinssatz 
(der 
"Alternativ-
Referenzzinssatz"), 
der 
von 
einem 
Dritten 
bereitgestellt wird und der alle anwendbaren 
rechtlichen Voraussetzungen erfüllt, um ihn zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen zu verwenden, mit 
den vom Unabhängigen Berater oder von der 
Emittentin (je nachdem) im billigen Ermessen 
gegebenenfalls bestimmten Anpassungen, die in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
einer 
Allgemein 
Akzeptierten 
Marktpraxis, 
einem 
Amtlichen 
Ersetzungskonzept oder einer Branchenlösung 
gegebenenfalls empfohlen werden, (zB in Form 
von Auf- oder Abschlägen) ergibt. 
appointed by the Issuer, but fails to determine a 
Substitute Reference Interest Rate, then the 
Issuer 
(in 
consideration 
of 
the 
Substitute 
Objective) may determine which (if any) rate has 
replaced the original Reference Interest Rate 
affected by the Benchmark Event. Any Substitute 
Reference Interest Rate shall apply from (and 
including) the Determination Day determined by 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) in its due discretion, which shall be 
no earlier than the Determination Day falling on or 
immediately following the date of the Benchmark 
Event, with first effect for the Interest Period for 
which the Rate of Interest is determined on such 
Determination Day. The "Substitute Reference 
Interest Rate" shall be a rate (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) which corresponds to 
an 
alternative 
reference 
interest 
rate 
(the 
"Alternative Reference Interest Rate") provided 
by a third party and meeting any applicable legal 
requirements for being used for determining the 
payment obligations under the Notes determined 
by the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) in its due discretion, as modified by 
applying the adjustments, which in accordance 
with the Generally Accepted Market Practice, an 
Official Substitution Concept or an Industry 
Solution (if any) are recommended, (e.g. in the 
form of premiums or discounts), if any, that may 
be determined by the Independent Advisor or the 
Issuer (as the case may be) in its due discretion. 
Unbeschadet 
der 
Allgemeingültigkeit 
des 
Vorstehenden wird der Unabhängige Berater oder 
die Emittentin (je nachdem) insbesondere, aber 
ohne 
Beschränkung, 
ein 
Amtliches 
Ersetzungskonzept, eine Branchenlösung oder 
eine 
Allgemein 
Akzeptierte 
Marktpraxis 
berücksichtigen. 
Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be)  shall in particular, but without 
limitation take into consideration an Official 
Substitution Concept, an Industry Solution or a 
Generally Accepted Market Practice. 
Bestimmt der Unabhängige Berater oder die 
Emittentin 
(je 
nachdem) 
einen 
Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz, 
so 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt,  nach billigem Ermessen diejenigen 
Änderungen 
in 
den 
verfahrensmäßigen  
Festlegungen in Bezug auf die Bestimmung des 
aktuellen 
Ersatz- 
Referenz[zins]satzes 
(zB 
Feststellungstag, 
maßgebliche 
Uhrzeit, 
maßgebliche Bildschirmseite für den Bezug des 
Alternativ-Referenz[zins]satzes 
sowie 
Ausfallbestimmungen 
für 
den 
Fall 
der 
Nichtverfügbarkeit 
der 
maßgeblichen 
Bildschirmseite) und diejenigen Anpassungen an 
die Definition von "Geschäftstag" in § 1 (6) und 
die Bestimmungen zur Geschäftstagekonvention 
in § 4 (3) vorzunehmen, die in Übereinstimmung 
mit der Allgemein Akzeptierten Marktpraxis, dem 
Amtlichen 
Ersetzungskonzept 
oder 
der 
If the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) determines a Substitute Reference 
[Interest] Rate, it shall also be entitled to make, in 
its due discretion, any such adjustments to the 
procedural 
determinations 
relating 
to 
the 
determination of the current Substitute Reference 
[Interest] Rate (e.g. the determination day, the 
relevant time, the relevant screen page for 
obtaining the Alternative Reference [Interest] 
Rate and the fallback provisions in the event that 
the relevant screen page is not available) and to 
make such adjustments to the definition of 
"Business Day" in § 1 (6) and the business day 
convention 
provisions 
in 
§ 4 (3) 
which 
in 
accordance with the Generally Accepted Market 
Practice, the Official Substitution Concept or the 
Industry Solution are necessary or expedient to 
make the substitution of the Reference [Interest]

--- Page 154 ---
154 
Branchenlösung erforderlich oder zweckmäßig 
sind, um die Ersetzung des Referenz[zins]satzes 
durch den Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz praktisch 
durchführbar zu machen. 
Rate by the Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate 
operative. 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" bezeichnet: 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) den 
Fall, 
dass 
die 
regelmäßige 
Veröffentlichung des Referenz[zins]satzes (oder 
maßgeblicher Bestandteile davon) eingestellt wird 
oder der Referenz[zins]satz (oder maßgebliche 
Bestandteile davon) ganz wegfällt; oder 
(a) the case that the Reference [Interest] Rate (or 
any component part thereof) ceases to be 
published on a regular basis or ceases to exist; or 
(b) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
des 
Administrators des Referenz[zins]satzes oder der 
für den Administrator des Referenz[zins]satzes 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
dass 
(i) 
die 
Ermittlung, Bereitstellung oder Bekanntgabe des 
Referenz[zins]satzes 
dauerhaft 
oder 
auf 
unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt worden ist oder 
eingestellt werden wird, ohne dass ein Nachfolge-
Administrator 
existiert, 
oder 
(ii) 
der 
Referenz[zins]satz 
aus 
sonstigen 
Gründen 
dauerhaft und endgültigen wegfällt; oder 
(b) a public statement by the administrator or the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate, 
that 
(i) 
the 
determination, 
provision or publication of the Reference [Interest] 
Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued in circumstances where 
no successor administrator exists, or (ii) the 
Reference [Interest] Rate permanently or finally 
ceases to exist for other reasons; or 
 
(c) eine wesentliche Änderung der Methode zur 
Ermittlung 
oder 
Berechnung 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes im Vergleich zu derjenigen 
Methode, 
die 
bei 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zur Anwendung kam, 
oder 
eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
des 
Administrators des Referenz[zins]satzes oder der 
für den Administrator des  Referenz[zins]satzes 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
dass 
eine 
wesentliche 
Änderung 
der 
Methode 
zur 
Ermittlung 
oder 
Berechnung 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes im Vergleich zu derjenigen 
Methode, 
die 
bei 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zur Anwendung kam, 
eingetreten ist oder eintreten wird, was dazu führt 
oder führen wird, dass der gemäß der neuen 
Methode berechnete Referenz[zins]satz nicht 
mehr den Referenz[zins]satz repräsentiert oder 
repräsentieren 
wird 
oder 
zu 
repräsentieren 
geeignet ist oder geeignet sein wird oder aus 
sonstigen 
Gründen 
seinem 
wirtschaftlichen 
Gehalt 
nach 
nicht 
mehr 
mit 
dem 
Referenz[zins]satz vergleichbar ist, der mit der 
bei Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen zur 
Anwendung gekommenen Methode ermittelt oder 
berechnet wurde; oder 
(c) a material change in the methodology of 
determining 
or 
calculating 
the 
Reference 
[Interest] Rate as compared to the methodology 
used at the time of the issuance of the Notes, or a 
public statement by the administrator of the 
Reference [Interest] Rate or by the supervisor of 
the administrator of the Reference [Interest] Rate 
that a material change in the methodology of 
determining 
or 
calculating 
the 
Reference 
[Interest] Rate as compared to the methodology 
used at the time of the issuance of the Notes, has 
occurred or will occur which results or will result in 
the Reference [Interest] Rate, calculated in 
accordance with the new methodology, no longer 
representing, 
or 
being 
apt 
to 
represent 
adequately, the Reference [Interest] Rate or in 
terms of economic substance no longer being 
comparable to the Reference [Interest] Rate 
determined or calculated in accordance with the 
methodology used at the time of the issuance of 
the Notes; or 
(d) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung durch die für 
den 
Administrator 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes 
zuständige 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
dass 
der 
Referenz[zins]satz für den zugrundeliegenden 
Markt oder die wirtschaftliche Realität dauerhaft 
und unabänderlich nicht mehr repräsentativ ist; 
oder 
(d) a public statement is made by the supervisor 
of the administrator of the Reference [Interest] 
Rate that the Reference [Interest] Rate is no 
longer representative of an underlying market or 
economic 
reality 
on 
a 
permanent 
and 
irremediable basis; or 
(e) die Anwendbarkeit eines Gesetzes oder einer 
sonstigen 
Rechtsvorschrift 
oder 
einer 
behördlichen 
oder 
gerichtlichen 
Anordnung, 
Verfügung 
oder 
sonstigen 
verbindlichen 
(e) the applicability of any law or any other legal 
provision, or of any administrative or judicial 
order, decree or other binding measure, pursuant 
to which the Reference Interest Rate may no

--- Page 155 ---
155 
Maßnahme, die unmittelbar dazu führt, dass der 
Referenzzinssatz nicht mehr als Referenzsatz zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen unter 
den Schuldverschreibungen verwendet werden 
darf oder nach der eine derartige Verwendung 
nicht nur unwesentlichen Beschränkungen oder 
nachteiligen Folgen unterliegt. 
longer be used as a reference rate to determine 
the payment obligations under the Notes, or 
pursuant to which any such use is subject to not 
only 
immaterial 
restrictions 
or 
adverse 
consequences. 
"Amtliches 
Ersetzungskonzept" 
bezeichnet 
eine verbindliche oder unverbindliche öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung von (i) der EU-Kommission 
oder 
eines 
EU-Mitgliedstaates 
unter 
Berücksichtigung 
der 
Empfehlung 
einer 
Arbeitsgruppe für alternative Referenzzinssätze, 
die unter der Schirmherrschaft der Zentralbank 
tätig ist, die für die Währung zuständig ist, auf die 
die Zinssätze der Ersatz-Benchmark laute, sofern 
verfügbar, 
oder 
(ii) 
einer 
der 
folgenden 
Einrichtungen, vorausgesetzt, dass sie für die 
Abgabe einer solchen Erklärung zuständig sind: 
eine Zentralbank, eine Aufsichtsbehörde oder ein 
öffentlich-rechtlich konstituiertes oder besetztes 
Aufsichts- oder Fachgremium der Finanzbranche, 
wonach 
ein 
bestimmter 
Referenzsatz, 
gegebenenfalls 
unter 
Vornahme 
bestimmter 
Anpassungen, 
an 
die 
Stelle 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes treten solle oder könne oder 
wonach 
ein 
bestimmtes 
Verfahren 
zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen, die 
ansonsten 
unter 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Referenzzinssatz bestimmt werden würden, zur 
Anwendung gelangen solle oder könne. 
"Official Substitution Concept" means any 
binding or non-binding public statement by (i) the 
EU Commission or any EU Member State taking 
into 
account, 
where 
available, 
the 
recommendation by an alternative reference rate 
working group operating under the auspices of 
the central bank responsible for the currency in 
which the interest rates of the replacement 
benchmark are denominated or (ii) any of the 
following 
entities 
provided 
that 
they 
are 
competent to make such statement: a central 
bank, a supervisory authority or a supervisory or 
expert body of the financial sector established 
under public law or composed of publicly 
appointed members pursuant to which a certain 
reference rate, subject to certain adjustments (if 
any), should or could be used to replace the 
Reference Interest Rate or pursuant to which a 
certain procedure should or could be used in 
order to determine payment obligations which 
would otherwise be determined by reference to 
the Reference Interest Rate. 
"Branchenlösung" bezeichnet eine öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung der International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association (ISDA), der International 
Capital 
Markets 
Association 
(ICMA), 
der 
Association for Financial Markets in Europe 
(AFME), der Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (SIFMA), der SIFMA Asset 
Management Group (SIFMA AMG), der Loan 
Markets Association (LMA), des Deutschen 
Derivate Verbands (DDV), des Zertifikate Forum 
Österreich 
oder 
eines 
sonstigen 
privaten 
Branchenverbands der Finanzwirtschaft, wonach 
ein bestimmter Referenzsatz, gegebenenfalls 
unter Vornahme bestimmter Anpassungen, an die 
Stelle des Referenzzinssatzes treten solle oder 
könne oder wonach ein bestimmtes Verfahren zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen, die 
ansonsten 
unter 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Referenzzinssatz bestimmt werden würden, zur 
Anwendung gelangen solle oder könne. 
"Industry Solution" means any public statement 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association (ISDA), the International Capital 
Markets Association (ICMA), the Association for 
Financial 
Markets 
in 
Europe 
(AFME), 
the 
Securities 
Industry 
and 
Financial 
Markets 
Association 
(SIFMA), 
the 
SIFMA 
Asset 
Management Group (SIFMA AMG), the Loan 
Markets 
Association 
(LMA), 
the 
Deutsche 
Derivate Verbands (DDV), the Zertifikate Forum 
Austria or any other private association of the 
financial industry pursuant to which a certain 
reference rate, subject to certain adjustments (if 
any), should or could be used to replace the 
Reference Interest Rate or pursuant to which a 
certain procedure should or could be used in 
order to determine payment obligations which 
would otherwise be determined by reference to 
the Reference Interest Rate. 
"Allgemein Akzeptierte Marktpraxis" bezeichnet 
die 
übliche 
Verwendung 
eines 
bestimmten 
Referenzsatzes, gegebenenfalls unter Vornahme 
bestimmter 
Anpassungen, 
anstelle 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes oder die vertragliche oder 
anderweitige 
Regelung 
eines 
bestimmten 
Verfahrens 
zur 
Bestimmung 
von 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen, die ansonsten unter 
Bezugnahme auf den Referenzzinssatz bestimmt 
"Generally Accepted Market Practice" means 
the customary use of a certain reference rate, 
subject to certain adjustments (if any), as 
substitute rate for the Reference Interest Rate or 
of provisions, contractual or otherwise, providing 
for a certain procedure to determine payment 
obligations which would otherwise have been 
determined by reference to the Reference Interest 
Rate in a material number of bond issues

--- Page 156 ---
156 
worden 
wären, 
in 
einer 
Vielzahl 
von 
Anleiheemissionen 
nach 
dem 
Eintritt 
eines 
Benchmark-Ereignisses 
oder 
eine 
sonstige 
allgemein akzeptierte Marktpraxis zur Ersetzung 
des Referenzzinssatzes als Referenzsatz für die 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen. 
following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, 
or any other generally accepted market practice 
to replace the Reference Interest Rate as 
reference rate for the determination of payment 
obligations. 
Für die Zwecke dieses Unterabsatzes bezeichnet 
der "Unabhängige Berater" ein unabhängiges 
Finanzinstitut von internationaler Reputation oder 
einen anderen unabhängigen Finanzberater in 
der Eurozone mit Erfahrung am internationalen 
Kapitalmarkt, der jeweils von der Emittentin auf 
ihre eigenen Kosten ernannt wird. 
For 
the 
purposes 
of 
this 
subparagraph 
"Independent Advisor" means an independent 
financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial advisor in the Euro zone 
experienced in the international capital markets, 
in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense. 
Der Unabhängige Berater oder die Emittentin (je 
nachdem) 
sind 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
berechtigt, aber nicht verpflichtet, in Bezug auf 
ein und dasselbe Benchmark-Ereignis mehrfach 
einen Ersatz-Referenzzinssatz nach Maßgabe 
der Bestimmungen dieses Unterabsatzes zu 
bestimmen, wenn diese spätere Bestimmung 
besser 
geeignet 
ist 
als 
die 
jeweils 
vorangegangene, 
das 
Ersetzungsziel 
zu 
erreichen. 
Die 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
Unterabsatzes gelten auch entsprechend für den 
Fall, dass in Bezug auf einen vom Unabhängigen 
Berater oder von der Emittentin (je nachdem) 
zuvor bestimmten Alternativ-Referenzzinssatz ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis eintritt. 
The Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) is entitled, but not obliged, to 
determine, in its due discretion, a Substitute 
Reference 
Interest 
Rate 
pursuant 
to 
the 
provisions of this subparagraph several times in 
relation to the same Benchmark Event, provided 
that each later determination is better suitable 
than the earlier one to realise the Substitution 
Objective. The provisions of this subparagraph 
shall also apply mutatis mutandis in the event of a 
Benchmark Event occurring in relation to any 
Alternative Reference Interest Rate previously 
determined by the Independent Advisor or the 
Issuer (as the case may be). 
Hat der Unabhängige Berater oder die Emittentin 
(je nachdem) nach Eintritt eines Benchmark-
Ereignisses 
einen 
Ersatz-Referenzzinssatz 
bestimmt, so wird veranlasst, dass der Eintritt des 
Benchmark-Ereignisses, der vom Unabhängigen 
Berater oder von der Emittentin (je nachdem) 
bestimmte Ersatz-Referenzzinssatz sowie alle 
weiteren 
damit 
zusammenhängenden 
Festsetzungen des Unabhängigen Beraters oder 
der Emittentin (je nachdem) gemäß diesem 
Unterabsatz der Berechnungsstelle und den 
Gläubigern gemäß § 10 baldmöglichst, aber 
keinesfalls später als am vierten auf die 
Bestimmung 
des 
Ersatz-Referenzzinssatzes 
folgenden Geschäftstag sowie jeder Börse, an 
der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln 
eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
die 
Börse 
verlangen, 
baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls später als zu 
Beginn der Zinsperiode, ab der der Ersatz-
Referenzzinssatz 
erstmals 
anzuwenden 
ist, 
mitgeteilt werden.]]] 
If the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) has determined a Substitute 
Reference Interest Rate following the occurrence 
of a Benchmark Event, it will cause the 
occurrence 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
Event, 
the 
Substitute Reference Interest Rate determined by 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) and any further determinations of 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) pursuant to this subparagraph 
associated therewith to be notified to the 
Calculation 
Agent 
and 
to 
the 
Holders 
in 
accordance with § 10 as soon as possible, but in 
no event later than the fourth Business Day 
following the determination of the Substitute 
Reference Interest Rate and, if required by the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are from time to time listed, to such stock 
exchange as soon as possible, but in no event 
later than the first day of the Interest Period to 
which the Substitute Reference Interest Rate 
applies for the first time.]]] 
[Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit 
inflationsabhängigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag, 
einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with inflation linked 
redemption amount, insert: 
(1) Rückzahlung 
am 
Fälligkeitstag. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(der 
"Rückzahlungsbetrag") 
am 
[Fälligkeitstag 
einfügen] (der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. 
(1) Redemption on the Maturity Date. The Notes 
shall be redeemed at their final redemption 
amount (the "Final Redemption Amount") on 
[insert Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date").

--- Page 157 ---
157 
Der Rückzahlungsbetrag in Bezug auf jede 
Schuldverschreibung ausgedrückt in Prozent des 
Nennbetrags errechnet sich wie folgt: 
The Final Redemption Amount in respect of each 
Note expressed in per cent of its principal amount 
shall be calculated as follows: 
100 + Max {(HVPI(t) – HVPI(t-1))/HVPI(t-1) [*100] 
[*Faktor] [+][-] [Marge]; 0} 
100 + Max {(HICP(t) – HICP(t-1))/HICP(t-1) [*100] 
[*Factor] [+][-] [Marge]; 0} 
"HVPI(t)" meint den Stand des HVPI, wie er in 
Bezug auf [Bezugszeitraum (t)] veröffentlicht 
wird. 
"HICP(t)" means the level of the HICP that is 
published 
by 
reference 
to 
the 
[reference 
period(t)]. 
"HVPI(t-1)" meint den Stand des HVPI, der in 
Bezug auf [Bezugszeitraum (t-1)] veröffentlicht 
wird. 
"HICP(t-1)" means the level of the HICP that is 
published 
by 
reference 
to 
the 
[reference 
period(t-1)]. 
["Faktor" 
bedeutet 
eine 
definierte 
Zahl 
(Multiplikator des Inflationszinssatzes) und wurde 
mit [Faktor] festgelegt.] 
["Factor" means a defined number (a multiplier of 
the inflation rate) and has been determined as 
[factor].] 
["Marge" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl][Anzahl 
von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit [Marge] 
festgelegt.] 
["Marge" means a defined [number][number of 
percentage points] and has been determined as 
[marge].] 
 "HVPI" 
oder 
"Index" 
ist 
der 
unrevidierte 
Harmonisierte 
Verbraucherpreisindex 
(ohne 
Tabak)4 für die Euro-Zone (wie nachstehend 
definiert), der monatlich vom Statistischen Amt 
der Europäischen Gemeinschaft (EUROSTAT) 
(der 
"Indexsponsor") 
berechnet 
wird, 
und 
welcher auf der Bildschirmseite (wie nachstehend 
definiert) am Rückzahlungsfeststellungstag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) veröffentlicht wird. 
"HICP" or "Index" is the unrevised Harmonised 
Index of Consumer Prices (excluding Tobacco)3 
for the Euro-Zone (as defined below), which is 
calculated on a monthly basis by the statistical 
office of the European Union (EUROSTAT) (the 
"Index Sponsor") and published on the Screen 
Page (as defined below) on the Redemption 
Determination Date (as defined below). 
Falls die Bildschirmseite nicht länger existiert und 
keine offizielle Nachfolgeseite bekannt gegeben 
wird, wird die Berechnungsstelle eine alternative 
Referenz für den Index festlegen. 
If the Screen Page ceases to exist and no official 
successor page is announced, the Calculation 
Agent will determine other reference with respect 
to the Index. 
Im Fall einer Änderung eines veröffentlichten 
Indexstandes, der nach mehr als 24 Stunden 
nach der ersten Veröffentlichung erfolgt, soll in 
jedem 
Fall 
der 
zunächst 
ursprünglich 
veröffentlichte 
Indexstand 
zur 
Berechnung 
maßgeblich sein. 
In case of any amendment of the published index 
level 24 hours after the first publication, the index 
level published first shall, in any case, be 
applicable to the calculation. 
Wird der Index nicht mehr vom Indexsponsor, 
sondern von einer anderen Person, Gesellschaft 
oder Institution, die die Berechnungsstelle für 
geeignet 
hält 
(der 
"Nachfolgesponsor") 
berechnet 
und 
veröffentlicht, 
so 
wird 
der 
If the Index is not calculated and published by the 
Index Sponsor anymore but by another person, 
corporation or institution, which the Calculation 
Agent 
considers 
suitable 
(the 
"Successor 
Sponsor"), the applicable Final Redemption 
 
4  
Der unrevidierte harmonisierte Verbraucherpreisindex des Euroraums ohne Tabakwaren zählt zu den EU-
Verbraucherpreisindizes, die gemäß der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 2494/95 vom 23.10.1995 nach einem harmonisierten Ansatz 
und einheitlichen Definitionen berechnet werden. Basisjahr ist das Jahr 2005. Der Euroraum erfasste zunächst Belgien, 
Deutschland, Irland, Spanien, Frankreich, Italien, Luxemburg, Niederlande, Österreich, Portugal und Finnland. Griechenland 
gehört seit Januar 2001, Slowenien seit Januar 2007, Zypern und Malta seit Januar 2008, die Slowakei seit Januar 2009, 
Estland seit dem Januar 2011, Lettland seit dem Januar 2014 und Litauen seit dem Januar 2015 zum Euroraum. Neue 
Mitgliedstaaten werden anhand einer Kettenindexformel in den Index integriert. Der Index wird monatlich ermittelt und in der 
Regel in der Mitte des Folgemonats veröffentlicht. 
The unrevised harmonised index of consumer prices of the Euro-Zone excluding Tobacco is one of the EU index of consumer 
prices which are calculated pursuant to Council Regulation (EC) No 2494/95 of 23 October 1995 in accordance with a 
harmonized approach and standardised definitions. The base year is the year 2005. The Euro-Zone initially included Belgium, 
Germany, Ireland, Spain, France, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Austria, Portugal and Finland. Greece is included in the 
Euro-Zone since January 2001, Slovenia since January 2007, Cyprus and Malta since January 2008, Slovakia since January 
2009, Estonia since January 2011, Latvia since January 2014 and Lithuania since January 2015. The new member states are 
integrated into the Index using a chain index formula. The Index is calculated monthly and generally published halfway 
through the following month.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
anwendbare 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
des 
vom 
Nachfolgesponsor 
berechneten 
und 
veröffentlichten 
Index 
berechnet. Jede hier enthaltene Bezugnahme auf 
den 
Indexsponsor 
gilt, 
sofern 
es 
der 
Zusammenhang erlaubt, als Bezugnahme auf 
den Nachfolgesponsor. 
Amount shall be calculated on the basis of the 
Index calculated and published by the Successor 
Sponsor. Any reference to Index Sponsor 
contained herein, shall, in this context, be 
deemed to refer to the Successor Sponsor. 
Wird der Index zu irgendeiner Zeit aufgehoben 
und/oder durch einen anderen Index ersetzt, legt 
die Berechnungsstelle nach billigem Ermessen, 
und auf eine wirtschaftlich vernünftige Weise 
handelnd, fest, welcher Index künftig für die 
Berechnung 
des 
anwendbaren 
Rückzahlungsbetrags zugrunde zu legen ist (der 
"Nachfolgeindex"). Der Nachfolgeindex sowie 
der Zeitpunkt seiner erstmaligen Anwendung 
werden so bald wie möglich, jedoch keinesfalls 
später 
als 
am 
Rückzahlungsfeststellungstag 
bekannt 
gemacht. 
Jede 
hier 
enthaltene 
Bezugnahme auf den Index gilt, sofern es der 
Zusammenhang erlaubt, als Bezugnahme auf 
den Nachfolgeindex. 
If at any time the Index is cancelled and/or 
replaced by any other index, the Calculation 
Agent shall, in the reasonable discretion and 
acting 
in 
good 
faith 
and 
a 
commercially 
reasonable manner, determine the Index which 
the following calculation of the applicable Final 
Redemption Amount will be based on (the 
"Successor Index"). The Successor Index and 
the time of its first application will be announced 
as soon as possible but not later than on the 
Redemption Determination Date. Any reference to 
the Index contained herein, shall, in this context, 
be deemed to refer to the Successor Index. 
Ist nach Ansicht der Berechnungsstelle: (i) die 
Festlegung eines Nachfolgeindex aus welchen 
Gründen 
auch 
immer 
nicht 
möglich; 
oder 
(ii) nimmt der Indexsponsor nach dem Tag der 
Auszahlung 
eine 
wesentliche 
Veränderung 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Berechnungsmethode 
zur 
Bestimmung des Index vor oder verändert der 
Indexsponsor den Index auf irgendeine andere 
Weise wesentlich, wird die Berechnungsstelle die 
Weiterrechnung 
und 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Indexstandes 
unter 
Berücksichtigung 
des 
Grundsatzes von Treu und Glauben und in 
wirtschaftlich 
vernünftiger 
Art 
und 
Weise 
durchführen. 
If according to the Calculation Agent’s opinion: 
(i) the determination of the Successor Index is, for 
whatever reason, not possible; or (ii) the Index 
Sponsor significantly changes the method of 
calculating the Index or the Index Sponsor 
significantly changes the Index in any other way, 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
shall 
make 
further 
calculations and publications of the index level 
acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
"Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen Union, die 
gemäß dem Vertrag über die Gründung der 
Europäischen Gemeinschaft (unterzeichnet in 
Rom am 25. März 1957), geändert durch den 
Vertrag 
über 
die 
Europäische 
Union 
(unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 1992), 
den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 1997 
und den Vertrag von Lissabon vom 13. Dezember 
2007, 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, 
eine 
einheitliche Währung eingeführt haben oder 
jeweils eingeführt haben werden. 
"Euro-Zone" means the region comprised of 
those member states of the European Union that 
have adopted, or will have adopted from time to 
time, the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam 
Treaty of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon 
of 13 December 2007, as further amended from 
time to time. 
"Bildschirmseite" meint [Bildschirmseite] oder 
jede Nachfolgeseite. 
"Screen Page" means [screen page] or the 
relevant successor page. 
"Rückzahlungsfeststellungstag" 
meint 
spätestens den [zweiten] [zutreffende andere 
Zahl von Tagen] TARGET Geschäftstag vor dem 
Fälligkeitstag.] 
"Redemption Determination Date" means at the 
latest the [second] [other applicable number of 
days] TARGET Business Day prior to the 
Maturity Date.]

--- Page 159 ---
159 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, einfügen: 
[In case the Notes are early redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer insert: 
(2) Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin. 
(2) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz (b) 
gekündigt 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt [falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auch 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden können, 
einfügen: oder teilweise] an dem (den) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) (Call) zu dem 
maßgeblichen 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call), 
nebst 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
(maßgeblichen) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with subparagraph (b), redeem 
all [in case the Notes may be redeemed 
also in part, insert: or some only] of the 
Notes on the Call Redemption Date(s) at 
the applicable Call Redemption Amount 
together with accrued interest, if any, to, 
but 
excluding, 
the 
(relevant) 
Call 
Redemption Date. 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag[e] 
(Call): 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungs[kurs] 
[kurse] (Call) in %: 
Call Redemption 
Date[s]: 
 
Call Redemption 
Price[s] in per cent: 
 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
(Call) einfügen] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungskurs/-
kurse (Call) einfügen] 
[insert Call 
Redemption Date(s)] 
 
[insert Call 
Redemption Price(s)] 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call)" entspricht 
dem Produkt aus der festgelegten Stückelung 
und dem maßgeblichen Wahl-Rückzahlungskurs 
(Call). 
"Call Redemption Amount" equals the product 
of the Specified Denomination and the relevant 
Call Redemption Price. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, bei 
denen der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen, einfügen: Der 
Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung 
seines Wahlrechts gemäß § 5 (3) verlangt hat.] 
[In case of Notes which are early redeemable 
at the option of the Holder insert: The Issuer 
may not exercise such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by 
the Holder thereof of its option to require the 
redemption of such Note pursuant to § 5 (3).] 
(b) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern durch 
die Emittentin gemäß § 10 bekannt zu 
geben. Sie ist unwiderruflich und beinhaltet 
die folgenden Angaben: 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders in accordance with 
§ 10. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify: 
(i) die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(i) the 
series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption; 
(ii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen, 
die 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
15 Geschäftstage betragen darf] 
[Kalendertage] [Geschäftstage] [im 
Fall einer Höchstkündigungsfrist 
einfügen: 
und 
nicht 
mehr 
als 
[Höchstkündigungsfrist einfügen] 
[Kalendertage] 
[Geschäftstage]] 
nach 
dem 
Kalendertag 
der 
Kündigung 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen 
darf; [und] 
(ii) the Call Redemption Date which shall 
be not less than [insert Minimum 
Notice Period, which shall not be 
less 
than 
15 Business 
Days] 
[calendar days] [Business Days] [in 
case of a Maximum Notice Period 
insert: 
nor 
more 
than 
[insert 
Maximum Notice Period] [calendar 
days] [Business Days]] after the 
calendar day on which notice is given 
by the Issuer to the Holders; [and]

--- Page 160 ---
160 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungskurs (Call), zu 
dem 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden [;und] 
(iii) the Call Redemption Price at which 
such Notes are to be redeemed 
[;and] 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auch 
teilweise 
zurückgezahlt 
werden 
können, 
einfügen: 
[in case the Notes may be redeemed also in 
part, insert: 
(iv) eine 
Erklärung, 
dass 
diese 
Serie 
teilweise zurückgezahlt wird, und den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
(iv) that such series is to be redeemed in 
part only and the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes which are to be 
redeemed. 
(c) 
Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
maßgeblichen Clearingsystems oder, falls 
keine 
solchen 
Regeln 
bestehen, 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit der herrschenden 
Marktpraxis ausgewählt.]] 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of 
Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules of the 
relevant Clearing System or, if no such 
rules exist, in accordance with prevailing 
market practice.]]  
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, bei 
denen der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen, einfügen:  
[In case of Notes which are early redeemable 
at the option of the Holder insert: 
([2/3]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des 
Gläubigers. 
([2/3]) Early Redemption at the Option of a 
Holder. 
(a) 
Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung nach Ausübung des 
entsprechenden Wahlrechts durch den 
Gläubiger 
an 
dem 
(den) 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) 
(Put) 
zu 
dem 
maßgeblichen 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put) 
nebst 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
(maßgeblichen) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, upon the exercise of the 
relevant option by the Holder of any Note, 
redeem such Note on the Put Redemption 
Date(s) at the applicable Put Redemption 
Amount together with accrued interest, if 
any, to, but excluding, the Put Redemption 
Date. 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag[e] 
(Put): 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungs[kurs] 
[kurse] (Put) in%: 
Put Redemption 
Date[s]: 
Put Redemption 
Price[s] in per cent.: 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
(Put) einfügen] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungs[kurs] 
[kurse] (Put) in% 
einfügen] 
[insert Put 
Redemption Date(s)] 
[insert Put 
Redemption Price(s)]  
"Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put)" 
entspricht 
dem Produkt aus der festgelegten Stückelung 
und dem maßgeblichen Wahl-Rückzahlungskurs 
(Put). 
"Put Redemption Amount" equals the product of 
the Specified Denomination and the relevant Put 
Redemption Price. 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
steuerlichen Gründen vorzeitig zurückzahlbar 
sind oder die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, 
diese aus anderen als steuerlichen Gründen 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, einfügen: 
[In case the Notes are early redeemable for 
taxation reasons or at the option of the Issuer 
for reasons other than taxation reasons insert: 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren 
Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung 
The Holder may not exercise such option in 
respect of any Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Issuer of [in case the Issuer

--- Page 161 ---
161 
[falls der Emittentin nur ein Wahlrecht nach 
diesem 
§ 5 
zusteht, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, einfügen: ihres Wahlrechts] 
[falls der Emittentin mehrere Wahlrechte nach 
diesem 
§ 5 
zustehen, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
einfügen: 
eines 
ihrer 
Wahlrechte] nach diesem § 5 verlangt hat.] 
is entitled to redeem the Notes early pursuant 
to one of the options set out in this § 5, insert: 
its option] [in case the Issuer is entitled to 
redeem the Notes early pursuant to several of 
the options set out in this § 5, insert: one of its 
options] to redeem such Note pursuant to this 
§ 5.] 
(b) 
Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der 
Gläubiger 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen, die 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
15 Geschäftstage 
betragen 
darf] 
[Kalendertage] 
[Geschäftstage] 
[im 
Fall 
einer 
Höchstkündigungsfrist 
einfügen: 
und 
nicht mehr als [Höchstkündigungsfrist 
einfügen] [Kalendertage] [Geschäftstage]] 
vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an 
dem 
die 
Rückzahlung 
gemäß 
der 
Ausübungserklärung 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) erfolgen soll, an die bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Zahlstelle 
eine 
schriftliche 
Mitteilung 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung (die "Ausübungserklärung") 
zu senden. Die Ausübung des Wahlrechts 
kann 
nicht 
widerrufen 
werden. 
Die 
Ausübungserklärung 
hat 
anzugeben: 
(i) den 
gesamten 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
für 
die 
das 
Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird; und (ii) die 
Wertpapierkennnummern 
(soweit 
vergeben) dieser Schuldverschreibungen. 
Für die Ausübungserklärung kann ein 
Formblatt, wie es bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Zahlstelle 
in 
der 
deutschen und der englischen Sprache 
erhältlich ist und das weitere Hinweise 
enthält, 
verwendet 
werden. 
Die 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen, 
für die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt wurde, 
erfolgt 
nur 
gegen 
Lieferung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen an die Emittentin 
oder deren Order.] 
(b) 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder 
must, not less than [insert Minimum 
Notice Period, which shall not be less 
than 15 Business Days] [calendar days] 
[Business Days] [in case of a Maximum 
Notice Period insert: nor more than 
[insert 
Maximum 
Notice 
Period] 
[calendar days] [Business Days]] prior to 
the relevant Put Redemption Date on which 
such redemption is required to be made as 
specified in the Put Notice (as defined 
below), send to the specified office of the 
Paying Agent an early redemption notice in 
written form (the "Put Notice"). No option 
so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. 
The Put Notice shall specify: (i) the total 
principal amount of the Notes in respect of 
which such option is exercised; and (ii) the 
securities 
identification 
numbers 
(if 
assigned) of such Notes. The Put Notice 
may be in the form available from the 
specified office of the Paying Agent, may 
be in the German or the English language 
and includes further information. The Issuer 
shall only be required to redeem Notes in 
respect of which such option is exercised 
against delivery of such Notes to the Issuer 
or to its order.] 
[Falls der Gläubiger kein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen, einfügen: 
[If the Notes are not early redeemable at the 
option of the Holder insert: 
([2/3]) Keine vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
des Gläubigers. Die Gläubiger haben kein Recht, 
die 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zu verlangen.] 
([2/3]) No Early Redemption at the Option of a 
Holder. The Holders do not have a right to 
demand the early redemption of the Notes.] 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
steuerlichen Gründen vorzeitig zurückzahlbar 
sind, einfügen: 
[In case the Notes are early redeemable for 
taxation reasons insert: 
([2/3/4]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen 
Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen können 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der 
Emittentin mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als [Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen] 
([2/3/4]) Early 
Redemption 
for 
Reasons 
of 
Taxation. The Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time on giving not less than [insert Minimum 
Notice Period] nor more than [insert Maximum

--- Page 162 ---
162 
und nicht mehr als [Höchstkündigungsfrist 
einfügen] 
[Kalendertagen] 
[Geschäftstagen] 
gegenüber der Zahlstelle und gemäß § 10 
gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt 
(wobei diese Kündigung unwiderruflich ist) und 
jederzeit 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, 
falls 
die 
Emittentin am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag 
zur Zahlung von Zusätzlichen Beträgen gemäß 
§ 7 (2) verpflichtet sein wird, und zwar als Folge 
einer 
Änderung 
oder 
Ergänzung 
der 
Rechtsnormen der Republik Österreich, einer EU-
Richtlinie 
oder 
EU-Verordnung 
oder 
eines 
internationalen Abkommens oder informellen 
Übereinkommens, dessen Partei(en) die Republik 
Österreich und/oder die Europäische Union 
ist/sind, oder als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung in der Anwendung oder Auslegung 
dieser Normen und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, 
diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder 
nach dem Kalendertag, an dem die letzte 
Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben 
wird, 
wirksam), 
und 
eine 
solche 
Änderung oder Ergänzung nachgewiesen wurde 
durch Einreichung durch die Emittentin bei der 
Zahlstelle (die eine solche Bestätigung und ein 
solches Gutachten als ausreichenden Nachweis 
hierüber anerkennen wird) von: (i) einer von zwei 
bevollmächtigten Vertretern der Emittentin im 
Namen 
der 
Emittentin 
unterzeichneten 
Bestätigung, in der ausgeführt wird, dass eine 
solche Änderung oder Ergänzung eingetreten ist 
(unabhängig davon, ob eine solche Änderung 
oder Ergänzung zu diesem Zeitpunkt bereits in 
Kraft ist), in der die Tatsachen, die hierzu geführt 
haben, beschrieben werden und festgestellt wird, 
dass diese Verpflichtung von der Emittentin nicht 
durch 
das 
Ergreifen 
vernünftiger, 
ihr 
zur 
Verfügung stehender Maßnahmen abgewendet 
werden kann; und (ii) einem Gutachten eines 
österreichischen 
Rechtsanwalts 
oder 
Steuerberaters, besagend, dass eine solche 
Änderung 
oder 
Ergänzung 
eingetreten 
ist 
(unabhängig davon, ob eine solche Änderung 
oder Ergänzung zu diesem Zeitpunkt bereits in 
Kraft ist), wobei eine solche Kündigung nicht 
früher als 90 Kalendertage vor dem frühest 
möglichen Termin erfolgen darf, an dem die 
Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen 
Beträge in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zu zahlen, falls zu diesem Zeitpunkt eine Zahlung 
fällig wäre. Eine Kündigung darf nicht erfolgen, 
wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Kündigung 
erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von 
zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist.] 
Notice Period] [calendar days] [Business Days] 
prior notice of early redemption to the Paying 
Agent and, in accordance with § 10, to the 
Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if on 
the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, the 
Issuer will become obliged to pay Additional 
Amounts pursuant to § 7 (2) as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws of the 
Republic of Austria, a European Union directive or 
regulation 
or 
an 
international 
treaty 
or 
understanding to which the Republic of Austria 
and/or the European Union is a party/are parties, 
or as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the application or interpretation of such laws and 
regulations, which amendment or change is 
effective on or after the date on which the last 
tranche of this series of Notes is issued, and such 
amendment or change has been evidenced by 
the delivery by the Issuer to the Paying Agent 
(who shall accept such certificate and opinion as 
sufficient evidence thereof) of: (i) a certificate 
signed by two authorised representatives of the 
Issuer on behalf of the Issuer stating that such 
amendment or change has occurred (irrespective 
of whether such amendment or change is then 
effective), describing the facts leading thereto and 
stating that such requirement cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it; and (ii) an opinion of an Austrian 
attorney at law or tax advisor to the effect that 
such amendment or change has occurred 
(irrespective of whether such amendment or 
change is then effective), provided that no such 
notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 
90 calendar days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of 
the Notes then due. No such notice of redemption 
shall be given if at the time such notice is given, 
the obligation to pay such Additional Amounts 
does not remain in effect.] 
[Falls 
der 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
anwendbar ist, einfügen:  
 
[In case the Early Redemption Amount is 
applicable, insert:  
 
([3/4/5]) Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. [Falls 
die Schuldverschreibungen aus steuerlichen 
Gründen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzahlbar 
sind, 
einfügen: Im Fall einer vorzeitigen Rückzahlung 
([3/4/5]) Early Redemption Amount. [In case the 
Notes are early redeemable for taxation 
reasons insert: In case of early redemption 
pursuant to § 5 ([2/3/4]), the Notes will be

--- Page 163 ---
163 
gemäß 
§ 5 ([2/3/4]) 
werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
ihrem 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) 
[im Fall von anderen Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
Nullkupon 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
einfügen: 
zuzüglich 
etwaiger 
bis 
zu 
dem 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückgezahlt].] Für die Zwecke [falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzahlbar 
sind, 
einfügen: dieses § 5] entspricht der "vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung [dem Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
[sonstigen vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag 
einfügen] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Nullkuponschuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: 
einem Betrag, 
der nach folgender Formel 
berechnet wird: 
redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
defined below) [in case of Notes other than 
Zero Coupon Notes, insert: together with 
interest, if any, accrued to, but excluding, the date 
of redemption].] For purposes of [in case the 
Notes are early redeemable for reasons of 
taxation insert: this § 5], the "Early Redemption 
Amount" of a Note shall be [its Final Redemption 
Amount] 
[insert 
other 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount] [in case of Zero Coupon Notes, 
insert: an amount calculated in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Ausgabekurs x Stückelung x 
(1 + Emissionsrendite)N; 
Issue 
Price x Specified 
Denomination x 
(1 + Issue Yield)N; 
wobei: 
where: 
"Begebungstag" ist [Begebungstag einfügen]; 
"Issue Date" means [insert Issue Date]; 
"Ausgabekurs" 
entspricht 
[Ausgabekurs 
einfügen]%; 
"Issue Price" means [insert Issue Price] per 
cent.; 
"Emissionsrendite" 
entspricht 
[in 
Prozent 
ausgedrückte Emissionsrendite einfügen]% 
und berechnet sich auf Basis des Ausgabekurses 
am Begebungstag; und 
"Issue 
Yield" 
means 
[insert 
Issue 
Yield 
expressed as a percentage] per cent. and is 
calculated on the basis of the issue price on the 
Issue Date, and 
"N" entspricht der Anzahl der Kalendertage im 
Zeitraum vom Begebungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zu dem Kalendertag (ausschließlich), an dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt 
werden 
(der 
"Berechnungszeitraum") 
unter 
Berücksichtigung 
des 
anwendbaren 
Zinstagequotienten.]] 
"N" means the number of calendar days in the 
period from, and including, the Issue Date to, and 
excluding, the date on which the Notes shall 
become due and repayable (the "Calculation 
Period") calculated on the basis of the applicable 
Day Count Fraction.]] 
§ 6 
DIE ZAHLSTELLE[N] [UND 
DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] 
 
§ 6 
PAYING AGENT[S] 
[AND CALCULATION AGENT] 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen. Die 
anfänglich bestellte Hauptzahlstelle [falls (eine) 
weitere Zahlstelle(n) ernannt werden sollen, 
einfügen:, 
die 
anfänglich 
bestellte(n) 
Zahlstelle(n)] 
und 
die 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Berechnungsstelle 
und 
ihre 
anfänglich 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen lauten wie folgt:  
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial 
Principal Paying Agent [in case (a) further 
paying agent(s) shall be appointed, insert:, the 
initial Paying Agent(s)] and the initial Calculation 
Agent and their respective initial specified offices 
are:  
Hauptzahlstelle: 
Principal Paying Agent: 
[Falls Oberbank AG als Emissions- und 
Hauptzahlstelle ernannt werden soll, einfügen: 
[In case Oberbank AG shall be appointed as 
initial Fiscal and Principal Paying Agent 
insert:  
Oberbank AG 
Untere Donaulände 28 
4020 Linz 
Österreich] 
Oberbank AG 
Untere Donaulände 28 
4020 Linz 
Austria]

--- Page 164 ---
164 
[Falls eine andere Hauptzahlstelle ernannt 
werden 
soll, 
sind 
ihr 
Name 
und 
ihre 
anfänglich 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
einzufügen.] 
[In case another Principal Paying Agent shall 
be appointed, insert its name and initial 
specified office.] 
[Falls eine zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstelle 
ernannt werden soll, sind ihr Name und ihre 
anfänglich 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
einzufügen.] 
[In case an additional or other paying agent 
shall be appointed insert its name and initial 
specified office.] 
Soweit in diesen Emissionsbedingungen der 
Begriff "Zahlstelle(n)" erwähnt wird, so schließt 
dieser Begriff die Hauptzahlstelle mit ein. 
Where these Terms and Conditions refer to the 
term "Paying Agent(s)", such term shall include 
the Principal Paying Agent. 
[Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit 
einem variablen oder inflationsabhängigen 
Zinssatz 
oder 
von 
Fundierten 
Schuldverschreibungen, deren Laufzeit sich 
bei 
Nichtzahlung 
des 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags durch die Emittentin am 
Fälligkeitstag verlängert, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a floating or inflation 
linked interest rate or Covered Bank Bonds 
(Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen), 
whose term shall be extended in case the 
Issuer 
does 
not 
pay 
the 
outstanding 
aggregate principal amount on the Maturity 
Date, insert: 
Berechnungsstelle: 
Calculation Agent: 
[Falls Oberbank AG als Berechnungsstelle 
ernannt werden soll, einfügen: 
[In case Oberbank AG shall be appointed as 
Calculation Agent insert:  
Oberbank AG 
Untere Donaulände 28 
4020 Linz 
Österreich] 
Oberbank AG 
Untere Donaulände 28 
4020 Linz 
Austria] 
[Falls eine andere Berechnungsstelle ernannt 
werden 
soll, 
sind 
ihr 
Name 
und 
ihre 
anfänglich 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
einzufügen.]] 
[In case another Calculation Agent shall be 
appointed, insert its name and initial specified 
office.]] 
Die Zahlstelle(n) [und die Berechnungsstelle] 
behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit ihre 
jeweilige bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch eine 
andere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in derselben 
Stadt zu ersetzen. 
The Paying Agent(s) [and the Calculation Agent] 
reserve the right at any time to change their 
respective specified office to some other specified 
office in the same city.  
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
die 
Bestellung 
einer 
Zahlstelle 
[oder 
der 
Berechnungsstelle] zu ändern oder zu beenden 
und zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen oder eine 
andere Berechnungsstelle zu bestellen. Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
jedoch, 
[(i)] solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an einer Wertpapierbörse 
notiert sind, eine Zahlstelle (die die Emittentin 
sein kann) mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle an 
einem Ort unterhalten, den die Regeln dieser 
Börse oder ihrer Aufsichtsbehörde(n) verlangen 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Zahlungen 
in 
U.S.-Dollar 
einfügen:; [und] ([ii]) falls Zahlungen bei den 
oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten aufgrund der 
Einführung von Devisenbeschränkungen oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen 
hinsichtlich 
der 
vollständigen Zahlung oder des Empfangs der 
entsprechenden 
Beträge 
in 
U.S.-Dollar 
widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich ausgeschlossen 
werden, 
eine 
Zahlstelle 
mit 
bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle in New York unterhalten[;]] [Im 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent 
[or the Calculation Agent] and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents or another 
Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall at all times 
maintain, [(i)] so long as the Notes are listed on a 
stock exchange, a Paying Agent (which may be 
the Issuer) with a specified office in such place as 
may be required by the rules of such stock 
exchange or its supervisory authority(ies) [in 
case of payments in U.S. Dollars insert:; [and] 
([ii]) if payments at or through the offices of all 
Paying Agents outside the United States become 
illegal or are effectively precluded because of the 
imposition of exchange controls or similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such 
amounts in U.S. Dollars, a Paying Agent with a 
specified office in New York[;]] [In case of Notes 
with a floating or inflation linked interest rate 
insert: and ([ii/iii]) a Calculation Agent]. The 
Issuer will give notice to the Holders of any 
variation, termination, appointment or any other

--- Page 165 ---
165 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit einem 
variablen oder inflationsabhängigen Zinssatz 
einfügen: und ([ii/iii]) eine Berechnungsstelle 
unterhalten]. Die Emittentin wird die Gläubiger 
von jeder Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder 
jedem sonstigen Wechsel sobald wie möglich 
nach Eintritt der Wirksamkeit einer solchen 
Veränderung informieren. 
change 
as 
soon 
as 
possible 
upon 
the 
effectiveness of such change. 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die Zahlstellen 
[und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle] 
handeln 
ausschließlich als Beauftragte der Emittentin und 
übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber 
den Gläubigern; es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den 
Gläubigern begründet.  
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Paying Agents [and 
the Calculation Agent] act solely as agents of the 
Issuer and do not have any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust to any Holder.  
(4) Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Festsetzungen. 
Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, 
Quotierungen 
und Entscheidungen, die von der Zahlstelle für 
die 
Zwecke 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen 
gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder eingeholt 
werden, 
sind 
(sofern 
keine 
vorsätzliche 
Pflichtverletzung, kein böser Glaube und kein 
offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, 
die Zahlstellen[, die Berechnungsstelle] und die 
Gläubiger bindend, und, sofern keiner der 
vorstehend genannten Umstände vorliegt, haftet 
die Zahlstelle nicht gegenüber der Emittentin, den 
Zahlstellen[, der Berechnungsstelle] oder den 
Gläubigern im Zusammenhang mit der Ausübung 
oder Nichtausübung ihrer Rechte und Pflichten 
und 
ihres 
Ermessens 
gemäß 
solchen 
Bestimmungen. 
(4) Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
the provisions of these Terms and Conditions by 
the Paying Agent shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Paying Agents[, the Calculation 
Agent] and the Holders and, in the absence of the 
aforesaid, no liability to the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents[, the Calculation Agent] or the Holders 
shall attach to the Paying Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
(1) Steuern. 
Alle 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an den Gläubiger (oder 
an einen Dritten im Interesse des Gläubigers) zu 
zahlenden Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen sind 
ohne Abzug oder Einbehalt für oder aufgrund 
gegenwärtiger 
oder 
zukünftiger 
Steuern, 
Gebühren oder Abgaben jeglicher Art ("Steuern") 
zu zahlen, die von oder für die Republik 
Österreich, von einer oder für eine ihrer zur 
Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten 
politischen 
Untergliederungen oder von einer oder für eine 
ihrer zur Steuererhebung ermächtigten Behörden 
im Wege des Abzugs oder des Einbehalts 
auferlegt oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein 
solcher Abzug oder Einbehalt ist gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben. 
(1) Taxes. All amounts of principal and interest 
payable to the Holder (or a third party on behalf of 
the Holder) in respect of the Notes shall be made 
without deduction or withholding for or on account 
of any present or future taxes, duties or 
governmental charges of any nature whatsoever 
(the "Taxes") imposed or levied by way of 
deduction or withholding by or on behalf of the 
Republic of Austria or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof having power to tax, unless 
such deduction or withholding is required by law. 
[Falls 
Zahlung 
Zusätzlicher 
Beträge 
anwendbar ist, einfügen:  
(2) Zusätzliche 
Beträge. 
[Falls 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: In diesem Fall zahlt 
die Emittentin, soweit gesetzlich zulässig, jene 
zusätzlichen 
Beträge 
(die 
"Zusätzlichen 
[If Payment of Additional Amounts applies, 
insert:  
(2) Additional Amounts. [If Early Redemption for 
Reasons of Taxation is applicable, insert: In 
that event, the Issuer shall, to the extent permitted 
by law, pay such additional amounts (the 
"Additional Amounts") as shall be necessary in

--- Page 166 ---
166 
Beträge"), die erforderlich sind, damit die einem 
Gläubiger (oder einem Dritten im Interesse des 
Gläubigers) 
zufließenden 
Nettobeträge 
nach 
diesem Abzug oder Einbehalt den Beträgen 
entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Abzug oder 
Einbehalt vom Gläubiger (oder einem Dritten im 
Interesse 
des 
Gläubigers) 
erhalten 
worden 
wären; jedoch sind Zusätzliche Beträge nicht zu 
zahlen aufgrund von Steuern, die 
order that the net amounts received by the Holder 
(or a third party on behalf of the Holder), after 
such deduction or withholding, shall equal the 
respective amounts which would otherwise have 
been receivable in the absence of such deduction 
or withholding, except that no such Additional 
Amounts shall be payable on account of Taxes 
which: 
(a) 
abgezogen oder einbehalten werden, weil 
der Gläubiger (oder ein Dritter im Interesse 
des Gläubigers) (i) einer anderen aus 
steuerlicher Sicht relevanten Beziehung zur 
Republik Österreich unterliegt oder zum 
Zeitpunkt 
des 
Erwerbs 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen unterlegen ist, als 
lediglich 
der 
Inhaber 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
sein 
oder 
gewesen zu sein oder (ii) eine Zahlung aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen von oder unter 
Einbindung 
einer 
österreichischen 
auszahlenden 
Stelle 
oder 
einer 
österreichischen 
depotführenden 
Stelle 
(wie 
jeweils 
in 
§ 95 
Abs 2 
Einkommensteuergesetz 1988 idgF oder 
einer 
allfälligen 
Nachfolgebestimmung 
definiert) 
erhält; 
die 
österreichische 
Kapitalertragsteuer ist somit keine Steuer, 
für die die Emittentin Zusätzliche Beträge 
zu zahlen hat; oder 
(a) 
are deducted or withheld by reason of the 
Holder (or a third party on behalf of the 
Holder) (i) for tax purposes having, or 
having had at the time of acquisition of the 
Notes, another nexus to the Republic of 
Austria than merely being, or having been, 
the bearer of the Notes; or (ii) receiving an 
amount payable in respect of the Notes by, 
or involving an Austrian paying agent 
(auszahlende 
Stelle) 
or 
an 
Austrian 
custodian agent (depotführende Stelle; both 
terms as defined in § 95(2) of the Austrian 
Income 
Tax 
Act 
1988 
[Einkommensteuergesetz 1988] 
as 
amended or a subsequent legal provision, if 
any); 
Austrian 
withholding 
tax 
on 
investment 
income 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) 
shall thus not qualify as a tax for which the 
Issuer would be obliged to pay Additional 
Amounts; or 
(b) 
abgezogen 
oder 
einbehalten 
werden 
aufgrund eines völkerrechtlichen oder eines 
zivilrechtlichen Vertrags zwischen einem 
Staat und/oder einer seiner politischen 
Untergliederungen und/oder einer seiner 
Behörden 
und/oder 
einer 
Staatengemeinschaft einerseits und der 
Republik Österreich und/oder einer ihrer 
politischen Untergliederungen und/oder der 
Europäischen 
Union 
und/oder 
der 
Emittentin und/oder eines Intermediärs 
andererseits; oder 
(b) 
are deducted or withheld pursuant to an 
international treaty or a civil law agreement 
concluded by a state and/or one of its 
political subdivisions and/or one of its 
authorities and/or a group of states on the 
one hand and the Republic of Austria 
and/or one of its political subdivisions 
and/or the European Union and/or the 
Issuer and/or an intermediary on the other 
hand; or 
(c) 
aufgrund von Rechtsnormen der Republik 
Österreich, einer EU-Richtlinie oder EU-
Verordnung 
oder 
eines 
internationalen 
Abkommens 
oder 
informellen 
Übereinkommens, dessen Partei(en) die 
Republik 
Österreich 
und/oder 
die 
Europäische Union ist/sind, rückerstattbar 
oder an der Quelle entlastbar wären; oder 
(c) 
are refundable or for which a relief at 
source is available pursuant to the laws of 
the Republic of Austria, a European Union 
directive or regulation or an international 
treaty or understanding to which the 
Republic of Austria and/or the European 
Union is a party/are parties; or 
(d) 
nicht abgezogen oder einbehalten hätten 
werden müssen, wenn der Gläubiger (oder 
ein Dritter im Interesse des Gläubigers) 
ordnungsgemäße 
Dokumentation 
oder 
Beweise zur Erlangung einer Befreiung von 
der Steuer vorgelegt hätte, oder 
(d) 
would not have had to be deducted or 
withheld if the Holder (or a third party on 
behalf of the Holder) had duly submitted 
documentation or evidence to qualify for a 
tax exemption; or 
(e) 
nicht zahlbar wären, wenn der Gläubiger 
(oder 
ein 
Dritter 
im 
Interesse 
des 
Gläubigers) 
den 
Anspruch 
auf 
die 
(e) 
would not have been deducted or withheld 
if the Holder (or a third party on behalf of 
the Holder) had duly submitted a claim for

--- Page 167 ---
167 
betreffende 
Zahlung 
ordnungsgemäß 
innerhalb 
von 
30 
Tagen 
nach 
dem 
jeweiligen Fälligkeitstag geltend gemacht 
hätte; oder 
the respective payment of principal or 
interest within 30 days after the due date; or 
(f) 
abgezogen 
oder 
einbehalten 
werden 
aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung, welche 
später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung oder, wenn dies 
später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und 
einer 
diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung 
gemäß § 10, wirksam wird; oder 
(f) 
are deducted or withheld by reason of a 
change in law that becomes effective more 
than 30 days after the relevant payment 
becomes due, or is duly provided for and 
notice thereof is published in accordance 
with § 10, whichever occurs later; or 
(g) 
nach Zahlung durch die Emittentin während 
der Überweisung an den Gläubiger (oder 
einen Dritten im Interesse des Gläubigers) 
abgezogen oder einbehalten werden.] 
(g) 
are deducted or withheld after payment by 
the Issuer during the transfer to the Holder 
(or a third party on behalf of the Holder).] 
([2/3]) U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
Act (FATCA). Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, von 
den an einen Gläubiger oder einen an den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
wirtschaftlich 
Berechtigten unter den Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
zahlenden 
Beträgen 
diejenigen 
Beträge 
einzubehalten oder abzuziehen, die erforderlich 
sind, um eine etwaige Steuer zu zahlen, die die 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
einer 
Vereinbarung 
einzubehalten oder abzuziehen verpflichtet ist, 
die in Artikel 1471 (b) des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code von 1986 in der jeweils geltenden Fassung 
(der 
"Kodex") 
beschrieben 
wird, 
oder 
die 
anderweitig gemäß den Artikeln 1471 bis 1474 
des Kodex (oder etwaigen unter dem Kodex 
erlassenen 
Verordnungen 
oder 
amtlichen 
Auslegungen des Kodex), oder gemäß einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung zwischen den 
Vereinigten 
Staaten 
und 
einer 
anderen 
Jurisdiktion zur Umsetzung des Kodex (oder 
gemäß steuerrechtlicher oder aufsichtsrechtlicher 
Gesetzgebung, Vorschriften oder Praktiken, die 
eine solche zwischenstaatliche Vereinbarung 
umsetzen) (jeder Einbehalt oder Abzug, ein 
"FATCA Einbehalt") vorgeschrieben wird. Weder 
die Emittentin noch eine andere Person ist 
verpflichtet, irgendwelche Zusätzlichen Beträge in 
Bezug auf den FATCA Einbehalt zu zahlen. 
([2/3]) U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
Act (FATCA). The Issuer is authorised to withhold 
or deduct from amounts payable under the Notes 
to a Holder or beneficial owner of Notes sufficient 
funds for the payment of any tax that it is required 
to withhold or deduct pursuant an agreement 
described in Section 1471 (b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code"), or that is otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any 
regulations thereunder or official interpretations 
thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement 
between 
the 
United 
States 
and 
another 
jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof 
(or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or 
practices 
implementing 
such 
an 
intergovernmental 
agreement) 
(any 
such 
withholding 
or 
deduction, 
a 
"FATCA 
Withholding"). Neither the Issuer nor any other 
person will be required to pay any Additional 
Amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
§ 8 
VERJÄHRUNG 
§ 8 
PRESCRIPTION 
Ansprüche gegen die Emittentin auf Zahlungen 
hinsichtlich der Schuldverschreibungen verjähren 
und werden unwirksam, wenn diese nicht 
innerhalb von dreißig Jahren [Im Fall von 
anderen als Nullkuponschuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: (im Falle des Kapitals) und innerhalb 
von drei Jahren (im Falle von Zinsen)] ab dem 
maßgeblichen Fälligkeitstag geltend gemacht 
werden. 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect 
of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void 
unless made within thirty years [in case of Notes 
other than Zero Coupon Notes, insert: (in the 
case of principal) and three years (in the case of 
interest)] upon the relevant due date. 
§ 9 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, RÜCKKAUF 
§ 9 
FURTHER ISSUES OF NOTES, 
REPURCHASES AND

--- Page 168 ---
168 
UND ENTWERTUNG 
CANCELLATION 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Gläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher Ausstattung 
(mit Ausnahme des Kalendertags der Begebung, 
des Ausgabekurses, des Verzinsungsbeginns 
und/oder des ersten Zinszahlungstags) in der 
Weise 
zu 
begeben, 
dass 
sie 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie 
bilden.  
(1) Further Issues of Notes. The Issuer may from 
time to time, without the consent of the Holders, 
issue further Notes having the same terms as the 
Notes in all respects (except for the issue date, 
issue price, Interest Commencement Date and/or 
first Interest Payment Date) so as to form a single 
series with the Notes.  
(2) Rückkauf. Die Emittentin und jede ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften sind berechtigt, jederzeit 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Markt 
oder 
anderweitig 
zu 
jedem 
beliebigen 
Preis 
zurückzukaufen. Die von der Emittentin oder ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaft 
erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der 
Emittentin bzw dieser Tochtergesellschaft von ihr 
gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei der Zahlstelle 
zwecks Entwertung eingereicht werden. 
(2) Repurchases. The Issuer and any of its 
subsidiaries may at any time repurchase Notes in 
the open market or otherwise at any price. Notes 
repurchased by the Issuer or the subsidiary may, 
at the option of the Issuer or such subsidiary, be 
held, resold or surrendered to the Paying Agent 
for cancellation. 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig getilgten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind unverzüglich zu 
entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder 
wiederverkauft werden.  
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall 
be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or 
resold.  
§ 10 
MITTEILUNGEN 
§ 10 
NOTICES 
(1) Bekanntmachung. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Tatsachenmitteilungen sind im Internet auf der 
Internetseite der Emittentin ("www .oberbank.at") 
zu 
veröffentlichen. 
Jede 
derartige 
Tatsachenmitteilung 
gilt 
mit 
dem 
fünften 
Kalendertag 
nach 
dem 
Kalendertag 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem fünften Kalendertag 
nach dem Kalendertag der ersten solchen 
Veröffentlichung) 
als 
übermittelt. 
Allfällige 
börsenrechtliche 
Veröffentlichungsvorschriften 
bleiben hiervon unberührt. Rechtlich bedeutsame 
Mitteilungen werden an die Gläubiger im Wege 
der depotführenden Stelle übermittelt. Alternativ 
ist die Emittentin jederzeit berechtigt, Mitteilungen 
direkt an ihr bekannte Gläubiger zu übermitteln. 
(1) Publication. All notices of facts concerning the 
Notes shall be published on the website of the 
Issuer ("www .oberbank.at"). Any notice so given 
will be deemed to have been validly given on the 
fifth calendar day following the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on 
the fifth calendar day following the date of the first 
such publication). This does not affect any 
applicable 
stock 
exchange 
law 
publication 
requirements. Legally material notices shall be 
given to the Holders via the respective institutions 
which maintain the Holders' security accounts. 
Alternatively, the Issuer shall be entitled to send 
at any time notices directly to Holders known to 
the Issuer. 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Soweit 
die 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Mitteilungen 
nach 
Absatz (1) rechtlich nicht mehr erforderlich ist, ist 
die Emittentin berechtigt, eine Veröffentlichung in 
den in Absatz (1) genannten Medien durch 
Übermittlung 
von 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung durch das 
Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger zu ersetzen. 
Jede 
derartige 
Mitteilung 
gilt 
am 
siebten 
Kalendertag 
nach 
dem 
Kalendertag 
der 
Übermittlung an das Clearingsystem als den 
Gläubigern mitgeteilt. 
(2) Notification 
to 
Clearing 
System. 
If 
the 
publication of notices pursuant to paragraph (1) is 
no longer required by law, the Issuer may, in lieu 
of 
publication 
in 
the 
media 
set 
forth 
in 
paragraph (1), deliver the relevant notices to the 
Clearing System, for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Holders on the seventh calendar day after the 
calendar day on which said notice was delivered 
to the Clearing System. 
(3) Form der von Gläubigern zu machenden 
Mitteilungen. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(3) Form of Notice to Be Given by any Holder. 
Notices regarding the Notes which are to be given

--- Page 169 ---
169 
betreffenden Mitteilungen der Gläubiger an die 
Emittentin gelten als wirksam erfolgt, wenn sie 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
der 
Zahlstelle 
(zur 
Weiterleitung an die Emittentin) in Textform (zB in 
schriftlicher 
Form) 
in 
der 
deutschen 
oder 
englischen Sprache übersandt werden. Der 
Gläubiger 
muss 
einen 
die 
Emittentin 
zufriedenstellenden Nachweis über die von ihm 
gehaltenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erbringen. 
Dieser 
Nachweis 
kann: 
(i) in 
Form 
einer 
Bestätigung durch das Clearingsystem oder die 
Depotbank, 
bei 
der 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, dass der Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der 
Mitteilung 
Gläubiger 
der 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ist; oder (ii) auf jede 
andere geeignete Weise erfolgen. 
"Depotbank" bezeichnet jede Bank oder ein 
sonstiges 
anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und 
bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, 
einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
by any Holder to the Issuer shall be validly given if 
delivered in in text format (Textform) (e.g. in 
writing) in the German or English language to the 
Issuer or the Paying Agent (for onward delivery to 
the Issuer). The Holder shall provide evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer of its holding of the 
Notes. Such evidence may be: (i) in the form of a 
certification from the Clearing System or the 
Custodian with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes that 
such Holder is, at the time such notice is given, 
the Holder of the relevant Notes; or (ii) in any 
other appropriate manner. 
"Custodian" means any bank or other financial 
institution of recognised standing authorised to 
engage in securities custody business with which 
the Holder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes and includes the Clearing 
System. 
§ 11 
ANWENDBARES RECHT 
GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE 
GELTENDMACHUNG 
§ 11 
APPLICABLE LAW,  
PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) Anwendbares 
Recht. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
alle 
außervertraglichen Schuldverhältnisse, die sich 
aus 
oder 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ergeben, 
unterliegen 
österreichischem Recht unter Ausschluss seiner 
Kollisionsnormen, soweit diese zur Anwendung 
fremden Rechts führen würden, und werden in 
Übereinstimmung mit österreichischem Recht 
ausgelegt. 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, Austrian 
law except for its conflict of law rules as far as 
such rules would lead to the application of foreign 
law. 
(2) Gerichtsstand. 
Das 
sachlich 
zuständige 
Gericht in Linz, Österreich ist ausschließlich 
zuständig für Streitigkeiten, die aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
(einschließlich 
allfälliger 
Streitigkeiten 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
außervertraglichen 
Schuldverhältnissen, die sich aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
ergeben) entstehen, soweit dies nach den 
anwendbaren 
zwingenden 
Konsumentenschutzgesetzen zulässig ist. 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction. The competent court in 
Linz, Austria shall have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any disputes that may arise out of or in 
connection with any Notes (including any legal 
action or proceedings relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with Notes), to the extent permissible 
according to applicable mandatory consumer 
protection legislation. 
(3) Gerichtliche 
Geltendmachung. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
berechtigt, in jeder Rechtsstreitigkeit gegen die 
Emittentin oder in jeder Rechtsstreitigkeit, in der 
der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, 
seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen 
im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage 
zu schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt 
eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank bei, bei der er 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ein 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any 
proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such 
Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and 
enforce in its own name its rights arising under 
such Notes on the basis of: (i) a statement issued 
by the Custodian with whom such Holder 
maintains a securities account in respect of the 
Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the 
Holder; (b) specifying the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes credited to such securities

--- Page 170 ---
170 
Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, 
welche: 
(a) den 
vollständigen 
Namen 
und 
die 
vollständige 
Adresse 
des 
Gläubigers 
enthält; 
(b) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung 
auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und 
(c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem 
Clearingsystem 
eine 
schriftliche 
Erklärung 
abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) 
und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und 
(ii) er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Sammelurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit 
dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person 
des Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine 
Vorlage 
der 
Originalbelege 
oder 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Sammelurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren 
erforderlich 
wäre. 
Unbeschadet 
des 
Vorstehenden kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede 
andere Weise schützen oder geltend machen, die 
im 
Land 
der 
Rechtsstreitigkeit 
prozessual 
zulässig ist. 
account on the date of such statement; and 
(c) confirming that the Custodian has given 
written notice to the Clearing System containing 
the information pursuant to (a) and (b); and (ii) a 
copy of the Global Note certified as being a true 
copy by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing 
System or a depositary of the Clearing System, 
without 
the 
need 
for 
production 
in 
such 
proceedings of the actual records or the Global 
Note representing the Notes. Each Holder may, 
without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce its rights under the Notes also in any 
other way which is admitted in the country of the 
proceedings. 
§ 12 
SPRACHE 
§ 12 
LANGUAGE 
[Falls 
die 
Emissionsbedingungen 
ausschließlich 
in 
deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
einfügen: 
Diese 
Emissionsbedingungen sind ausschließlich in der 
deutschen Sprache abgefasst.] 
 
 
[In case the Terms and Conditions are written 
in the English language only, insert: These 
Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language only.] 
[Falls der deutschsprachige Text bindend sein 
soll und eine unverbindliche Übersetzung in 
die 
englische 
Sprache 
beigefügt 
wird, 
einfügen: Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in 
der 
deutschen 
Sprache 
abgefasst. 
Eine 
Übersetzung 
in 
die 
englische 
Sprache 
ist 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
 
 
[In case the German language text shall be 
binding and a non-binding English translation 
is provided, insert: This translation of the Terms 
and Conditions is written in the English language. 
The Terms and Conditions are provided in 
German language. The German text shall be 
binding and prevailing. The English language 
translation shall be non-binding.] 
[Falls der englischsprachige Text bindend 
sein 
soll 
und 
eine 
unverbindliche 
Übersetzung 
in 
die 
deutsche 
Sprache 
beigefügt wird, einfügen: Diese Übersetzung 
der Emissionsbedingungen ist in der deutschen

--- Page 171 ---
171 
Sprache abgefasst. Die Emissionsbedingungen 
in englischer Sprache sind beigefügt. Der 
englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung 
in 
die 
deutsche 
Sprache 
ist 
unverbindlich.] 
 
[In case the English language text shall be 
binding 
and 
a 
non-binding 
German 
translation is provided, insert: These Terms 
and Conditions are written in the English 
language and provided with a German language 
translation. The English text shall be binding and 
prevailing. The German language translation 
shall be non-binding.]

--- Page 172 ---
172 
OPTION III 
OPTION III – SUBORDINATED NOTES 
OPTION III – EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN FÜR 
NACHRANGIGE 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN: 
OPTION III – TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR 
SUBORDINATED NOTES: 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Währung, Stückelung. Diese Tranche (die 
"Tranche") 
von 
nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") dieser Emission von 
[Emissionsbezeichnung einfügen] (die "Serie") 
wird von der Oberbank AG (die "Emittentin") [am 
[Begebungstag einfügen] (Einmalemission)] [ab 
dem [Erst-Begebungstag einfügen] mit offener 
Begebungsfrist (Daueremission)] in [festgelegte 
Währung 
einfügen] 
(die 
"festgelegte 
Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag von [im Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
dauernd 
angeboten und begeben werden, einfügen: bis 
zu] 
[festgelegte 
Währung 
und 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
einfügen] 
(in 
Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten einfügen]) in 
der Stückelung von [festgelegte Währung und 
festgelegte 
Stückelung 
einfügen] 
(die 
"festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
(1) Currency, Denomination. This tranche (the 
"Tranche") of subordinated notes (the "Notes") of 
[insert identification] (the "Series") is being 
issued by Oberbank AG (the "Issuer") [on [insert 
issue date] (single issue)] [from [insert initial 
issue date] with an open issue period (tap issue)] 
in [insert specified currency] (the "Specified 
Currency") in the aggregate principal amount of 
[in case of Notes offered and issued as tap 
issues insert: up to]  [insert specified currency 
and aggregate principal amount] (in words: 
[insert aggregate principal amount in words]) 
in 
the 
denomination 
of 
[insert 
specified 
currency and specified denomination] (the 
"Specified Denomination"). 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf 
den Inhaber. 
(2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer 
form. 
(3) Dauersammelurkunde. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauersammelurkunde 
(die 
"Dauersammelurkunde" 
oder 
die 
"Sammelurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft; 
der Zinszahlungsanspruch im Zusammenhang mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
durch 
die 
Dauersammelurkunde 
mitverbrieft. 
Die 
Dauersammelurkunde wird von ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigten 
Vertretern 
der 
Emittentin 
unterschrieben. Die Dauersammelurkunde wird 
im classical global note-Format ausgegeben. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben. 
(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are 
represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note" or the "Global Note") 
without coupons; the claim for interest payments 
under the Notes is represented by the Permanent 
Global Note. The Permanent Global Note shall be 
signed by authorised representatives of the 
Issuer. The Permanent Global Note shall be 
issued in classical global note format. Definitive 
Notes and coupons will not be issued. 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Sammelurkunde wird von 
einem oder im Namen eines Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, bis sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt 
sind. "Clearingsystem" bezeichnet [bei mehr als 
einem 
Clearingsystem 
einfügen: 
jeweils] 
[OeKB 
CSD 
GmbH, 
Strauchgasse 1-3, 
1010 Wien, Österreich] [,] [und] [Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A., 
Luxemburg, 
42 Avenue 
J.F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, Großherzogtum 
Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
1 Boulevard 
du 
Roi 
Albert II, 
1210 Brüssel, 
Belgien ("Euroclear" und zusammen mit CBL, die 
(4) Clearing System. The Global Note will be kept 
in custody by or on behalf of a Clearing System 
until all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes 
have been satisfied. "Clearing System" means 
[if more than one Clearing System insert: each 
of] 
[OeKB 
CSD 
GmbH, 
Strauchgasse 1-3, 
1010 Vienna, Austria] [,] [and] [Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A., 
Luxembourg, 
42 Avenue 
J.F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, 
Belgium ("Euroclear" and, together with CBL, the 
"ICSDs")] [,] [and] [specify other Clearing

--- Page 173 ---
173 
"ICSDs")] [,] [und] [anderes Clearingsystem 
angeben] und jeden Funktionsnachfolger. Die 
Sammelurkunde wird auf die Dauer der Laufzeit 
der Schuldverschreibungen beim Clearingsystem 
als Wertpapiersammelbank hinterlegt 
System] and any successor in such capacity. 
The Global Note is kept in custody by the 
Clearing System as central depository for 
securities (Wertpapiersammelbank) for the period 
of the Notes. 
(5) Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Gläubiger" 
bezeichnet 
jeden 
Inhaber 
von 
Miteigentumsanteilen 
oder 
anderen 
vergleichbaren Rechten an der Sammelurkunde, 
die in Übereinstimmung mit den Bestimmungen 
des Clearingsystems auf einen neuen Gläubiger 
übertragen werden können. 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder 
of 
a 
proportionate 
co-ownership 
or 
other 
comparable right in the Global Note which may be 
transferred to a new Holder in accordance with 
the provisions of the Clearing System.  
(6) Geschäftstag. 
"Geschäftstag" 
bezeichnet 
einen Kalendertag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), 
an 
dem 
Geschäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte in Linz, Österreich, Zahlungen 
abwickeln 
und 
für 
den 
allgemeinen 
Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich des Handels in 
Devisen und Fremdwährungseinlagen) geöffnet 
sind und das Trans-European Automated Real-
time 
Gross 
Settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
System 2 
oder 
dessen 
Nachfolgesystem 
("TARGET") geöffnet ist. 
(6) Business Day. "Business Day" means a 
calendar day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on 
which 
commercial 
banks 
and 
foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Linz, 
Austria, and the Trans-European Automated 
Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System 2 or its successor ("TARGET") is open. 
§ 2 
STATUS 
§ 2 
STATUS 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen sollen 
Tier 2 Instrumente (wie nachstehend definiert) 
darstellen und begründen direkte, unbesicherte 
und nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin. 
(1) Status. The Notes shall qualify as Tier 2 
Instruments (as defined below) and constitute 
direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer. 
In 
einem 
regulären 
Insolvenzverfahren 
(Konkursverfahren) oder einer Liquidation der 
Emittentin und soweit die Schuldverschreibungen 
(zumindest 
teilweise) 
als 
Eigenmittelposten 
anerkannt werden, sind Ansprüche auf den 
Kapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen: 
In the event of normal insolvency proceedings 
(bankruptcy proceedings) or liquidation of the 
Issuer and to the extent that the Notes are (at 
least partly) recognized as own funds items, any 
claim on the principal amount under the Notes will 
rank: 
(a) 
nachrangig gegenüber allen gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Ansprüchen 
aus 
(i) unbesicherten und nicht-nachrangigen 
Instrumenten oder Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin; 
(ii) Instrumenten 
berücksichtigungsfähiger Verbindlichkeiten 
gemäß Artikel 72b CRR der Emittentin; 
(iii) Instrumenten oder Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin, 
die 
sich 
nicht 
aus 
Eigenmittelposten der Emittentin ergeben; 
und 
(iv) 
alle 
anderen 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
den 
jeweiligen 
Bedingungen 
oder 
gemäß 
zwingender 
gesetzlicher Bestimmungen einen höheren 
Rang 
als 
die 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt haben oder 
bestimmungsgemäß haben sollen; und 
(a) 
junior to all present or future claims from: 
(i) unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated 
instruments or obligations of the Issuer; 
(ii) eligible liabilities instruments pursuant to 
Article 72b 
CRR 
of 
the 
Issuer; 
(iii) instruments or obligations of the Issuer 
that do not result from own funds items of 
the Issuer; and (iv) any other subordinated 
obligations 
of 
the 
Issuer 
which, 
in 
accordance with their terms or pursuant to 
mandatory provisions of law, rank or are 
expressed to rank senior to the obligations 
of the Issuer under the Notes at the 
relevant time; and 
(b) 
gleichrangig: (i) untereinander; und (ii) mit 
allen 
anderen 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Ansprüchen 
aus 
Tier 2 
Instrumenten und anderen nachrangigen 
(b) 
pari passu: (i) among themselves; and 
(ii) with all other present or future claims 
from 
Tier 2 
Instruments 
and 
other 
subordinated instruments or obligations of

--- Page 174 ---
174 
Instrumenten oder Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin 
(ausgenommen 
nachrangige 
Instrumente oder Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin, die vorrangig oder nachrangig 
gegenüber den  Schuldverschreibungen 
sind oder diesen gegenüber als vorrangig 
oder nachrangig bezeichnet werden); und 
the 
Issuer 
(other 
than 
subordinated 
instruments or obligations of the Issuer 
ranking or expressed to rank senior or 
junior to the Notes); and 
(c) 
vorrangig gegenüber allen gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Ansprüchen 
aus: 
(i) Instrumenten 
des 
zusätzlichen 
Kernkapitals (Additional Tier 1) gemäß 
Artikel 52 
CRR 
der 
Emittentin; 
(ii) Stammaktien und anderen Instrumenten 
des harten Kernkapitals (Common Equity 
Tier 1) 
gemäß 
Artikel 28 
CRR 
der 
Emittentin; 
und 
(iii) allen 
anderen 
nachrangigen 
Instrumenten 
oder 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gegenüber 
nachrangig sind oder diesen gegenüber als 
nachrangig bezeichnet werden. 
(c) 
senior to all present or future claims from: 
(i) Additional Tier 1 instruments pursuant to 
Article 52 CRR of the Issuer; (ii) ordinary 
shares and other Common Equity Tier 1 
instruments pursuant to Article 28 CRR of 
the Issuer; and (iii) all other subordinated 
instruments or obligations of the Issuer 
ranking or expressed to rank junior to the 
Notes. 
Wobei: 
Where: 
"CRR" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Verordnung 
(EU) Nr. 575/2013 des Europäischen Parlaments 
und 
des 
Rates 
vom 
26. Juni 
2013 
über 
Aufsichtsanforderungen an Kreditinstitute und 
Wertpapierfirmen 
und 
zur 
Änderung 
der 
Verordnung 
(EU) Nr. 648/2012 
(Capital 
Requirements 
Regulation) 
in 
der 
jeweils 
geltenden 
oder 
ersetzten 
Fassung, 
und 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
auf die maßgeblichen Artikel der CRR beinhalten 
Bezugnahmen auf jede anwendbare Bestimmung, 
die diese Artikel jeweils ändert oder ersetzt. 
"CRR" means the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for 
credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (Capital 
Requirements 
Regulation), 
as 
amended 
or 
replaced from time to time, and any references in 
these Conditions to relevant Articles of the CRR 
include references to any applicable provisions of 
law amending or replacing such Articles from time 
to time. 
"Tier 2 Instrumente" bezeichnet alle (direkt oder 
indirekt 
begebenen) 
Kapitalinstrumente 
der 
Emittentin, 
die 
zu 
Instrumenten 
des 
Ergänzungskapitals 
(Tier 2) 
gemäß 
Artikel 63 CRR 
zählen, 
einschließlich 
aller 
Kapitalinstrumente, die aufgrund von CRR-
Übergangsbestimmungen zu den Instrumenten 
des Ergänzungskapitals zählen. 
"Tier 2 Instruments" means any (directly or 
indirectly issued) capital instruments of the Issuer 
that qualify as Tier 2 instruments pursuant to 
Article 63 CRR, including any capital instruments 
that qualify as Tier 2 instruments pursuant to 
transitional provisions under the CRR. 
(2) Kein(e) 
Aufrechnung/Netting. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterliegen 
keinen 
Aufrechnungs- oder Nettingvereinbarungen, die 
deren 
Verlustabsorptionsfähigkeit 
bei 
der 
Abwicklung beeinträchtigen würden. 
(2) No Set-off/Netting. The Notes are not subject 
to any set off or netting arrangements that would 
undermine their capacity to absorb losses in 
resolution. 
(3) Keine 
Sicherheiten/Garantien; 
Keine 
Verbesserung 
des 
Ranges. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht besichert oder 
Gegenstand einer Garantie oder einer anderen 
Regelung, die den Ansprüchen der Forderungen 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen einen höheren 
Rang verleiht. 
(3) No Security/Guarantee; No Enhancement of 
Seniority. The Notes are neither secured, nor 
subject to a guarantee or any other arrangement 
that enhances the seniority of the claims under 
the Notes. 
(4) Möglichkeit 
von 
gesetzlichen 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen. Vor einer Insolvenz 
oder 
Liquidation 
der 
Emittentin 
kann 
die 
Abwicklungsbehörde gemäß den anwendbaren 
(4) Possibility of statutory resolution measures. 
Prior to any insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, 
under the applicable banking resolution laws, the 
Resolution Authority may exercise the power to

--- Page 175 ---
175 
Bankenabwicklungsgesetzen 
die 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gemäß den 
Schuldverschreibungen (bis auf Null) herab-
schreiben, 
sie 
in 
Anteile 
oder 
andere 
Eigentumstitel der Emittentin umwandeln, jeweils 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise, 
oder 
andere 
Abwicklungsinstrumente 
oder 
-maßnahmen 
anwenden, einschließlich (aber nicht beschränkt 
auf) eines Aufschubs oder einer Übertragung der 
Verbindlichkeiten auf ein anderes Unternehmen, 
einer Änderung der Emissionsbedingungen oder 
einer Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen. 
write down (including to zero) the obligations of 
the Issuer under the Notes, convert them into 
shares or other instruments of ownership of the 
Issuer, in each case in whole or in part, or apply 
any other resolution tool or action, including (but 
not limited to) any deferral or transfer of the 
obligations to another entity, an amendment of 
the Terms and Conditions or a cancellation of the 
Notes. 
Wobei: 
"Abwicklungsbehörde" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Abwicklungsbehörde 
gemäß 
Artikel 4(1)(130) 
CRR, die für eine Sanierung oder Abwicklung der 
Emittentin auf Einzel- und/oder konsolidierter 
Ebene verantwortlich ist. 
Where: 
"Resolution Authority" means the resolution 
authority pursuant to Article 4(1)(130) CRR which 
is responsible for recovery or resolution of the 
Issuer on an individual and/or consolidated basis. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit einem 
festen 
Zinssatz, 
Stufenzinsschuldverschreibungen, 
Schuldverschreibungen mit einem variablen 
Zinssatz, Schuldverschreibungen mit einem 
inflationsabhängigen Zinssatz, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a fixed interest rate, 
Step-up or Step-down Notes, Notes with 
floating interest rate, Notes with inflation 
linked interest rate, insert: 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit einem 
festen Zinssatz einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a fixed interest rate 
insert: 
(1) Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
ihres 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 (1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich) mit [Zinssatz einfügen]% per 
annum.] 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. 
The Notes shall bear interest on their outstanding 
aggregate principal amount at the rate of [insert 
the rate of interest] per cent. per annum from, 
and including, [insert Interest Commencement 
Date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to, 
but excluding, the Maturity Date (as defined in 
§ 5 (1)).] 
[Im Fall von Stufenzinsschuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: 
[In case of Step-up or Step-down Notes insert: 
(1) Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
ihres 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 (1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich) wie folgt: 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. 
The Notes shall bear interest on their outstanding 
aggregate principal amount from, and including, 
[insert Interest Commencement Date] (the 
"Interest 
Commencement 
Date") 
to, 
but 
excluding, the Maturity Date (as defined in 
§ 5 (1)) as follows: 
vom 
(einschließ-
lich) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
mit 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
(einschließ-
lich 
des 
Fälligkeits-
tags 
und 
des 
[Zinssatz 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
from, and 
including, 
to, but 
excluding, 
at the rate of 
[insert date] 
[insert date 
(including 
the Maturity 
Date 
and 
the 
Extended 
[insert Rate 
of 
Interest] per 
cent. 
per 
annum

--- Page 176 ---
176 
Erweiterten 
Fälligkeits-
tags 
(falls 
anwendbar)
) einfügen] 
Maturity 
Date 
(if 
applicable))
] 
 
] 
] 
[Im Fall einer kurzen oder langen ersten oder 
letzten Zinsperiode einfügen: Mit Ausnahme 
der 
[ersten] 
[Nur 
im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, deren Laufzeit nicht 
verlängert werden kann, einfügen: letzten] 
Zinszahlung sind die Zinsen] [Im Fall von 
ausschließlich 
regulären 
Zinszahlungen 
einfügen: Die Zinsen sind] [im Fall von 
vierteljährlichen 
Zinszahlungen 
einfügen: 
vierteljährlich] [im Fall von halbjährlichen 
Zinszahlungen einfügen: halbjährlich] [im Fall 
von 
jährlichen 
Zinszahlungen 
einfügen: 
jährlich] nachträglich am [Zinszahlungstage 
einfügen] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar (jeweils ein 
"Zinszahlungstag"), beginnend mit dem [ersten 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen] und endend mit dem 
[letzten 
Zinszahlungstag 
einfügen]. 
Die 
Zinszahlungstage unterliegen einer Anpassung in 
Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 (3) enthaltenen 
Bestimmungen.] 
[In case of a short or long first or last interest 
period insert: With the exception of the [first] 
[Insert only in case of Notes, whose term may 
not be extended: last] payment of interest, 
interest] [In case of Notes which have only 
regular interest payments insert: Interest] shall 
be payable [in case of quarterly interest 
payments insert: quarterly] [in case of semi-
annual 
interest 
payments 
insert: 
semi-
annually] [in case of annual interest payments 
insert: annually] in arrear on [insert Interest 
Payment Dates] in each year (each such date, 
an "Interest Payment Date"), commencing on 
[insert first Interest Payment Date] and ending 
on [insert last Interest Payment Date]. Interest 
Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the provisions set out in § 4 (3).] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit einem 
variablen Zinssatz einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a floating interest rate 
insert: 
(1) Zinssatz. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
ihres 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 (1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich).  
(1) Rate of Interest. The Notes shall bear interest 
on their outstanding aggregate principal amount 
from, 
and 
including, 
[insert 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest 
Commencement Date") to, but excluding, the 
Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)).  
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an 
einen 
Referenzzinssatz 
gebunden 
sind, 
einfügen: 
[In case of Notes linked to a Reference 
Interest Rate, insert: 
[Falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode 
(wie nachstehend definiert) ist der Relevante 
Referenzsatz (wie nachstehend definiert) [im Fall 
einer Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [/] [abzüglich] 
der Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)] [im Fall 
eines Faktors einfügen: [und] multipliziert mit 
dem Faktor [Faktor einfügen]]. 
[In case interpolation applies, insert: The rate 
of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each 
Interest Period (as defined below) shall be the 
Relevant Reference Rate (as defined below) [in 
case of a Margin insert: [plus] [/] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)] [in case of a Factor 
insert: [and] multiplied by the factor [insert 
Factor]]. 
"Relevanter Referenzsatz" bezeichnet, sofern 
nachstehend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, 
mit Bezug auf: (i) die [maßgebliche kurze oder 
lange erste oder letzte Zinsperiode einfügen] 
(die "Interpolierte Zinsperiode") den durch 
lineare Interpolation zwischen dem verfügbaren 
Referenzzinssatz (wie nachstehend definiert) mit 
der im Verhältnis zur Laufzeit der Interpolierten 
Zinsperiode nächst kürzeren Laufzeit und dem 
verfügbaren 
Referenzzinssatz 
mit 
der 
im 
Verhältnis zur Interpolierten Zinsperiode nächst 
längeren 
Laufzeit; 
und 
(ii) alle 
anderen 
"Relevant Reference Rate" means, except as 
provided below, in respect of: (i) the [insert 
relevant short or long first or last interest 
period] (the "Interpolated Interest Period") the 
rate determined by straight-line interpolation 
between the available Reference Interest Rate 
(as defined below) with the next shorter term than 
the term of the Interpolated Interest Period and 
the available Reference Interest Rate with the 
next longer term than the term of the Interpolated 
Interest Period; and (ii) all other Interest Periods 
the [insert number, term and name of the

--- Page 177 ---
177 
Zinsperioden 
den 
[Zahl, 
Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzzinssatzes einfügen, der auf alle 
Zinsperioden 
anwendbar 
ist, 
auf 
die 
Interpolation 
nicht 
anwendbar 
ist] 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
(zusammen 
mit 
den 
Referenzzinsätzen 
für 
die 
Interpolierte 
Zinsperiode die "Referenzzinssätze" und je ein 
"Referenzzinssatz"), jeweils als Prozentsatz per 
annum ausgedrückt. 
relevant Reference Interest Rate which shall 
apply to 
all Interest Periods to which 
interpolation shall not apply] (as defined below) 
(together with the reference interest rates for the 
Interpolated Interest Period the "Reference 
Interest Rates" and each a "Reference Interest 
Rate"), in each case expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum. 
Bei dem relevanten Referenzzinssatz handelt es 
sich jeweils um den Angebotssatz für Einlagen in 
der festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die 
der Laufzeit des relevanten Referenzzinssatzes 
entspricht, der auf der Bildschirmseite (wie 
nachstehend definiert) am Feststellungstag (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
gegen 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) angezeigt 
wird, 
wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) angegeben) 
erfolgen.] 
The relevant Reference Interest Rate shall be in 
each case the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified 
Currency 
with 
a 
term, 
which 
corresponds with the term of the relevant 
Reference Interest Rate, which appears on the 
Screen Page (as defined below) as of [insert 
relevant 
time] 
([insert 
relevant 
financial 
centre] time) on the Determination Day (as 
defined below), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (as specified in § 6 (1).] 
[Falls 
Interpolation 
nicht 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist der 
Referenzzinssatz (wie nachstehend definiert), [im 
Fall einer Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [/] 
[abzüglich] 
der 
Marge 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert)] [im Fall eines Faktors einfügen: [und] 
multipliziert mit dem Faktor [Faktor einfügen]]. 
[In case interpolation does not apply, insert: 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for 
each Interest Period (as defined below) shall be 
the Reference Interest Rate (as defined below), 
[in case of a Margin insert: [plus] [/] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)] [in case of a Factor 
insert: [and] multiplied by the factor [insert 
Factor]]. 
"Referenzzinssatz" 
bezeichnet, 
sofern 
nachstehend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, 
den [Zahl, Laufzeit und Bezeichnung des 
relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen] (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert), 
ausgedrückt 
als 
Prozentsatz per annum. 
"Reference Interest Rate" means, except as 
provided below, the [insert number, term and 
name of the relevant Reference Interest Rate] 
(as defined below), expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum. 
Bei dem [Zahl, Laufzeit und Bezeichnung des 
relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen] handelt 
es sich um den Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der 
festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die der 
Laufzeit des Referenzzinssatzes entspricht, der 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) am Feststellungstag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) gegen [relevante Tageszeit einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Ortszeit) angezeigt wird, wobei alle Festlegungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) 
angegeben) erfolgen.] 
The [insert number, term and name of the 
relevant Reference Interest Rate] shall be the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency 
with a term, which corresponds with the term of 
the Reference Interest Rate, which appears on 
the Screen Page (as defined below) as of [insert 
relevant 
time] 
([insert 
relevant 
financial 
centre] time) on the Determination Day (as 
defined below), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (as specified in § 6 (1)).] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich nicht ändert, einfügen: 
Die "Marge" beträgt [Satz einfügen]% per 
annum.] 
[In case of Notes which have a margin which 
does not change, insert: "Margin" means 
[insert rate] per cent. per annum.] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich ändert, einfügen: Die 
"Marge" beträgt für die Zinsperiode[n] 
[in case of Notes which have a margin which 
changes, insert: "Margin" means in respect of 
the Interest Period[s] 
vom 
(einschließ-
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
 
from, 
and 
to, 
but

--- Page 178 ---
178 
lich) 
lich) 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[zuzüglich] 
[/] 
[abzüglich] 
[Marge 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
] 
including, 
excluding, 
[insert date] 
[insert 
date] 
[plus] [/] 
[minus] 
[insert 
Margin] per 
cent. per 
annum 
] 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
jeweils 
darauf 
folgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich).  
"Interest Period" means each period from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date to, 
but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date and 
from, and including, each Interest Payment Date 
to, but excluding, the following Interest Payment 
Date.  
"Feststellungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[ersten] 
[zweiten] 
[andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen einfügen] Geschäftstag [vor 
[Beginn] [Ende]] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.  
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] 
[insert other relevant number of Business 
Days] 
Business 
Day 
[prior 
to 
the 
[commencement] [end]] of the relevant Interest 
Period.  
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
oder 
die 
Nachfolgeseite, 
die 
von 
dem 
gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für 
die 
Anzeige 
des 
[falls 
Interpolation 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
relevanten] 
Referenzzinssatzes benannt wird, angezeigt wird. 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen 
Page] or the successor page displayed by the 
same 
information 
provider 
or 
any 
other 
information provider nominated by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement information provider for 
the 
purposes 
of 
displaying 
the 
[in 
case 
interpolation 
applies, 
insert: 
relevant] 
Reference Interest Rate. 
Sollte 
die 
Bildschirmseite 
nicht 
mehr 
zur 
Verfügung 
stehen, 
oder 
wird 
der 
[falls 
Interpolation 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
relevante] Referenzzinssatz zu der genannten 
Zeit am relevanten Feststellungstag nicht auf der 
Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt, 
wird 
die 
Berechnungsstelle von jeder der Referenzbanken 
(wie nachstehend definiert) deren jeweiligen Satz 
(jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt) 
anfordern, 
zu 
dem 
sie 
Einlagen 
in 
der 
festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die der 
Laufzeit des [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
relevanten] 
Referenzzinssatzes 
entspricht, 
um 
ca 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Ortszeit) am Feststellungstag anbieten. 
If the Screen Page is unavailable or if the [in 
case interpolation applies, insert: relevant] 
Reference Interest Rate does not appear on the 
Screen Page as at such time on the relevant 
Determination Day, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
at which it offers deposits in the Specified 
Currency with a term, which corresponds with the 
term of the [in case interpolation applies, 
insert: relevant] Reference Interest Rate, at 
approximately [insert relevant time] ([insert 
relevant 
financial 
centre] 
time) 
on 
the 
Determination Day. 
Falls zwei oder mehr Referenzbanken der 
Berechnungsstelle solche Sätze nennen, gilt als 
[falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
relevanter] Referenzzinssatz für die relevante 
Zinsperiode 
das 
arithmetische 
Mittel 
(falls 
erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das 
nächste [falls der Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR 
ist, einfügen: Tausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,0005 
aufgerundet wird] [falls der Referenzzinssatz 
nicht 
EURIBOR 
ist, 
einfügen: 
Hunderttausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,000005 
aufgerundet wird]) dieser Sätze, wobei alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such rates, the [in case 
interpolation 
applies, 
insert: 
relevant] 
Reference Interest Rate for such Interest Period 
shall be deemed to be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest [if the 
Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR insert: 
one thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.0005 
being 
rounded 
upwards] 
[if 
the 
Reference Interest Rate is not EURIBOR 
insert: one hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards]) of 
such rates, all as determined by the Calculation

--- Page 179 ---
179 
erfolgen. 
Agent. 
Für den Fall, dass der [falls Interpolation 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
relevante] 
Referenzzinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes ermittelt werden 
kann, gilt als [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: relevante] Referenzzinssatz für die 
relevante 
Zinsperiode 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
gemäß 
ihrem 
billigen 
Ermessen bestimmte Satz; bei der Bestimmung 
dieses Satzes richtet sich die Berechnungsstelle 
nach der üblichen Marktpraxis. 
If the [in case interpolation applies, insert: 
relevant] Reference Interest Rate cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the [in case 
interpolation 
applies, 
insert: 
relevant]  
Reference Interest Rate for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be deemed to be the rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion; the Calculation Agent shall take 
general market practice into account when 
determining such rate. 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet [relevante Zahl 
einfügen] 
Großbanken 
im 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz 
nicht 
der 
EURIBOR 
Ist 
einfügen: 
[relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen]] 
Interbankenmarkt 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR ist, einfügen: der 
Euro-Zone oder im Londoner Interbankenmarkt]. 
"Reference Banks" means [insert relevant 
number] major banks in the [if the Reference 
Interest Rate is not EURIBOR insert: [insert 
relevant financial centre]] interbank market [if 
the Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR 
insert: of the Euro-zone or in the London 
interbank market].  
[Falls der Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR ist, 
einfügen: "Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet 
derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten 
der 
Europäischen 
Union, die gemäß dem Vertrag über die 
Gründung 
der 
Europäischen 
Gemeinschaft 
(unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 1957), 
geändert durch den Vertrag über die Europäische 
Union (unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 
1992), den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 
1997 und den Vertrag von Lissabon vom 
13. Dezember 2007, in seiner jeweiligen Fassung, 
die einheitliche Währung eingeführt haben oder 
jeweils eingeführt haben werden.]] 
[If the Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR 
insert: "Euro-zone" means the region comprised 
of those member states of the European Union 
that have adopted, or will have adopted from time 
to time, the single currency in accordance with 
the Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam 
Treaty of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of 
Lisbon of 13 December 2007, as further amended 
from time to time.]] 
[Ende 
der 
Bestimmungen 
für 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
an 
einen 
Referenzzinssatz gebunden sind] 
[End of provisions for Notes linked to a 
Reference Interest Rate] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an 
einen Referenzsatz gebunden sind, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes linked to a Reference Rate 
insert: 
Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode 
(wie nachstehend definiert) ist [Zahl, Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzsatzes einfügen] per annum (der 
"Referenzsatz") [im Fall einer Marge einfügen: 
[zuzüglich] 
[/] 
[abzüglich] 
der 
Marge 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert)] 
[falls 
ein 
Faktor 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: [und] multipliziert mit 
dem 
Faktor 
[Faktor 
einfügen]]. 
Bei 
dem 
Referenzsatz handelt es sich um den Swap-Satz 
(ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per annum) für 
Swap-Transaktionen in der festgelegten Währung 
mit einer Laufzeit von [relevanten Zeitraum 
einfügen], der auf der Bildschirmseite (wie 
nachstehend definiert) am Feststellungstag (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
gegen 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) angezeigt 
wird, 
wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) angegeben) 
erfolgen. 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for 
each Interest Period (as defined below) shall be 
[insert number, term and name of relevant 
Reference Rate] per annum (the "Reference 
Rate") [in case of a Margin insert: [plus] [/] 
[minus] the Margin (as defined below)] [in case a 
Factor shall be applicable, insert: [and] 
multiplied by the factor [insert Factor]]. Such 
Reference 
Rate 
shall 
be 
the 
swap 
rate 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
swap transactions in the Specified Currency with 
a term of [insert relevant term] which appears 
on the Screen Page (as defined below) as of 
[insert relevant time] ([insert relevant financial 
centre] time) on the Determination Day (as 
defined below), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (as specified in § 6 (1)).

--- Page 180 ---
180 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich nicht ändert, einfügen: 
Die "Marge" beträgt [Satz einfügen]% per 
annum.] 
[In case of Notes which have a margin which 
does not change, insert: "Margin" means 
[insert rate] per cent. per annum.] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich ändert, einfügen: Die 
"Marge" beträgt für die Zinsperiode[n] 
[in case of Notes which have a margin which 
changes, insert: "Margin" means in respect of 
the Interest Period[s] 
vom 
(einschließ-
lich) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[zuzüglich] 
[/] 
[abzüglich] 
[Marge 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
] 
from, 
and 
including, 
to, 
but 
excluding, 
 
 
[insert date] 
[insert 
date] 
[plus] [/] 
[minus] 
[insert 
Margin] per 
cent. per 
annum 
] 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
jeweils 
darauf 
folgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich).  
"Interest Period" means each period from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date to, 
but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date and 
from, and including, each Interest Payment Date 
to, but excluding, the following Interest Payment 
Date.  
"Feststellungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[ersten] 
[zweiten] 
[andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen einfügen] Geschäftstag (wie in 
§ 1 (6) definiert) [vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode. 
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] 
[insert other relevant number of Business 
Days] Business Day (as defined in § 1 (6)) [prior 
to the [commencement] [end]] of the relevant 
Interest Period.  
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
oder 
die 
Nachfolgeseite, 
die 
von 
dem 
gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des Referenzsatzes benannt wird, 
angezeigt wird. 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen 
Page] or the successor page displayed by the 
same 
information 
provider 
or 
any 
other 
information provider nominated by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement information provider for 
the purposes of displaying the Reference Rate. 
Sollte 
die 
Bildschirmseite 
nicht 
mehr 
zur 
Verfügung stehen, oder wird der Referenzsatz zu 
der 
genannten 
Zeit 
am 
relevanten 
Feststellungstag nicht auf der Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt, wird die Berechnungsstelle von jeder 
der Referenzbanken (wie nachstehend definiert) 
deren 
jeweiligen 
Marktmittelkurs 
für 
den 
Swapsatz (jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum 
ausgedrückt), 
um 
ca 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Ortszeit) 
am 
Feststellungstag 
anfordern. "Marktmittelkurs für den Swapsatz" 
bezeichnet das Mittel der Geld- und Briefkurse für 
den 
festverzinslichen 
Teil 
einer 
Zinsswaptransaktion 
in 
der 
festgelegten 
Währung, bei der ein fester Zinssatz gegen einen 
variablen Zinssatz getauscht wird, wobei der 
variabel verzinsliche Teil dem [Zahl, Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzsatzes einfügen] per annum entspricht, 
If the Screen Page is unavailable or if the 
Reference Rate does not appear on the Screen 
Page 
as 
at 
such 
time 
on 
the 
relevant 
Determination Day, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
mid-market 
swap 
rate 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage rate per annum) at approximately 
[insert relevant time] ([insert relevant financial 
centre] time) on the Determination Day. "Mid-
market swap rate" means the mean of the bid 
and offered rates for the fixed leg of a fixed-for-
floating rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency where the floating leg is equivalent to 
[insert number, term and relevant Reference 
Rate] per annum, which appears on [insert 
relevant screen page] (or the successor page 
displayed by the same information provider or any 
other information provider nominated by the 
Calculation Agent as the replacement information

--- Page 181 ---
181 
der auf [relevante Bildschirmseite einfügen] 
(oder der Nachfolgeseite, die von dem gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des [Zahl, Laufzeit und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzzinssatzes einfügen] benannt wird), 
angezeigt wird.  
provider for the purposes of displaying the [insert 
number, term and relevant Reference Interest 
Rate]).  
Falls 
drei 
oder 
mehr Referenzbanken der 
Berechnungsstelle solche Sätze nennen, gilt als 
Referenzsatz für die relevante Zinsperiode das 
arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder 
abgerundet auf das nächste Hunderttausendstel 
Prozent, wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet wird) dieser 
Sätze, wobei der höchste Satz (oder, falls es 
mehrere gleich hohe Höchstsätze geben sollte, 
einer dieser Höchstsätze) und der niedrigste Satz 
(oder, 
falls 
es 
mehrere 
gleich 
niedrige 
Niedrigstsätze 
geben 
sollte, 
einer 
dieser 
Niedrigstsätze) unberücksichtigt bleiben, wobei 
alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle 
erfolgen. 
If three or more of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such rates, the 
Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period 
shall be deemed to be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such rates 
eliminating the highest rate (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and the lowest rate 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest), all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Für den Fall, dass der Referenzsatz nicht gemäß 
den 
vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
Absatzes 
ermittelt 
werden 
kann, 
gilt 
als 
Referenzsatz für die relevante Zinsperiode der 
von der Berechnungsstelle gemäß ihrem billigen 
Ermessen bestimmte Satz; bei der Bestimmung 
dieses Satzes richtet sich die Berechnungsstelle 
nach der üblichen Marktpraxis.] 
If the Reference Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Reference Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be deemed to be the rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion; the Calculation Agent shall 
take general market practice into account when 
determining such rate.] 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet [relevante Zahl 
einfügen] 
Großbanken 
im 
[falls 
der 
Referenzsatz 
kein 
Euro-Swapsatz 
ist, 
relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Interbankenmarkt [falls der Referenzsatz ein 
Euro-Swapsatz ist, einfügen: der Euro-Zone 
oder im Londoner Interbankenmarkt].  
"Reference Banks" means [insert relevant 
number] major banks in the [if the Reference 
Rate is not a Euro swap rate, insert relevant 
financial centre] interbank market [if the 
Reference Rate is a Euro swap rate, insert: of 
the Euro-zone or in the London interbank market]. 
[Falls der Referenzsatz ein Euro-Swapsatz ist, 
einfügen: "Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet 
derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten 
der 
Europäischen 
Union, die gemäß dem Vertrag über die 
Gründung 
der 
Europäischen 
Gemeinschaft 
(unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 1957), 
geändert durch den Vertrag über die Europäische 
Union (unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 
1992), den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 
1997 und den Vertrag von Lissabon vom 
13. Dezember 2007, in seiner jeweiligen Fassung, 
die einheitliche Währung eingeführt haben oder 
jeweils eingeführt haben werden.] 
[If the Reference Rate is a Euro swap rate, 
insert: "Euro-zone" means the region comprised 
of those member states of the European Union 
that have adopted, or will have adopted from time 
to time, the single currency in accordance with 
the Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam 
Treaty of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of 
Lisbon of 13 December 2007, as further amended 
from time to time.] 
[Ende 
der 
Bestimmungen 
für 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
an 
einen 
Referenzsatz gebunden sind] 
[End of provisions for Notes linked to a 
Reference Rate] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit einem 
inflationsabhängigen Zinssatz einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with an inflation linked 
interest rate insert: 
(1) Zinssatz. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
ihres 
ausstehenden 
(1) Rate of Interest. The Notes shall bear interest 
on their outstanding aggregate principal amount

--- Page 182 ---
182 
Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 (1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich).  
from, 
and 
including, 
[insert 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest 
Commencement Date") to, but excluding, the 
Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)).  
Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode 
(wie nachstehend definiert) wird als Zinssatz in 
Prozent per annum ("Ian(t)") ausgedrückt und von 
der Berechnungsstelle gemäß folgender Formel 
bestimmt: 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for 
each Interest Period shall be expressed as a rate 
in per cent per annum ("Ian(t)") and calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Ian(t) = [ Min{ ] [ Max{ ] ((HVPI(t) – HVPI(t-1)) / 
HVPI(t-1)) [*100] [* Faktor] [+] [-] [Zuschlag] 
[Abschlag] [; Wert } ] [+] [-] [Marge] 
Ian(t) = [ Min{ ] [ Max{ ] (HICP(t) – HICP(t-1)) / 
HICP(t-1) [*100] [* Factor] [+] [-] [Surcharge] 
[Reduction] [;Value } ] [+] [-] [Margin] 
"HVPI(t)" bezeichnet den Stand des HVPI, wie er 
in Bezug auf [Bezugszeitraum (t) einfügen] 
veröffentlicht wird. 
"HICP(t)" means the level of the HICP that is 
published by reference to the [insert reference 
period(t)]. 
"HVPI(t-1)" bezeichnet den Stand des HVPI, der 
in Bezug auf [Bezugszeitraum (t-1) einfügen] 
veröffentlicht wird. 
"HICP(t-1)" means the level of the HICP that is 
published by reference to the [insert reference 
period(t-1)]. 
["Abschlag" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] 
[Anzahl von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit 
[Höhe des Abschlags einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Reduction" means a defined [number] [number 
of percentage points] and has been determined 
as [Insert amount of reduction].] 
["Zuschlag" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] 
[Anzahl von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit 
[Höhe des Zuschlags einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Surcharge" means a defined [number] [number 
of percentage points] and has been determined 
as [Insert amount of surcharge].] 
["Wert" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] [Anzahl 
von Prozentpunkten], die für einen Zinssatz steht, 
und wurde mit [Höhe des Wertes einfügen] 
festgelegt.] 
["Value" means a defined [number] [number of 
percentage points] which stands for a percentage 
rate, and has been determined as [Insert 
amount of value].] 
["Faktor" 
bedeutet 
eine 
definierte 
Zahl 
(Multiplikator des Inflationszinssatzes) und wurde 
mit [Höhe des Faktors einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Factor" means a defined number (a multiplier of 
the Inflation Rate) and has been determined as 
[Insert amount of factor].] 
["Marge" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] [Anzahl 
von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit [Höhe der 
Marge einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Margin" means a defined [number] [number of 
percentage points] and has been determined as 
[Insert amount of factor].] 
"HVPI" 
oder 
"Index" 
ist 
der 
unrevidierte 
Harmonisierte 
Verbraucherpreisindex 
(ohne 
Tabak) für die Euro-Zone (wie nachstehend 
definiert), der monatlich vom Statistischen Amt 
der Europäischen Gemeinschaft (nachfolgend 
"EUROSTAT" oder "Indexsponsor" genannt) 
berechnet 
wird, 
und 
welcher 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
am 
Feststellungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) veröffentlicht wird. 
"HICP" or "Index" is the unrevised Harmonised 
Index of Consumer Prices (excluding Tobacco) 
for the Euro-Zone (as defined below), which is 
calculated on a monthly basis by the statistical 
office of the European Union (the "EUROSTAT" 
or the "Index Sponsor") and published on the 
Screen Page on the Determination Day (as 
defined below). 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
oder 
die 
Nachfolgeseite, 
die 
von 
dem 
gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des Index benannt wird, angezeigt 
wird. 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen 
Page] or the successor page displayed by the 
same 
information 
provider 
or 
any 
other 
information provider nominated by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement information provider for 
the purposes of displaying the Index. 
Falls die Bildschirmseite nicht länger existiert und 
keine offizielle Nachfolgeseite bekannt gegeben 
wird, wird die Berechnungsstelle eine alternative 
If the Screen Page ceases to exist and no official 
successor page is announced, the Calculation 
Agent will determine other reference with respect

--- Page 183 ---
183 
Referenz für den Index festlegen. 
to the Index. 
Im Fall einer Änderung eines veröffentlichten 
Indexstandes, der nach mehr als 24 Stunden 
nach der ersten Veröffentlichung erfolgt, soll in 
jedem 
Fall 
der 
zunächst 
ursprünglich 
veröffentlichte 
Indexstand 
zur 
Berechnung 
maßgeblich sein. 
In case of any amendment of the published index 
level 24 hours after the first publication, the index 
level published first shall, in any case, be 
applicable to the calculation. 
Wird der Index nicht mehr vom Indexsponsor, 
sondern von einer anderen Person, Gesellschaft 
oder Institution, die die Berechnungsstelle für 
geeignet 
hält 
(der 
"Nachfolgesponsor") 
berechnet 
und 
veröffentlicht, 
so 
wird 
der 
anwendbare Zinssatz auf der Grundlage des vom 
Nachfolgesponsor 
berechneten 
und 
veröffentlichten 
Index 
berechnet. 
Jede 
hier 
enthaltene Bezugnahme auf den Indexsponsor 
gilt, sofern es der Zusammenhang erlaubt, als 
Bezugnahme auf den Nachfolgesponsor. 
If the Index is not calculated and published by the 
Index Sponsor any more but by another person, 
corporation or institution, which the Calculation 
Agent 
considers 
suitable 
(the 
"Successor 
Sponsor"), the applicable Rate of Interest shall 
be calculated on the basis of the Index calculated 
and published by the Successor Sponsor. Any 
reference to Index Sponsor contained herein, 
shall, in this context, be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Sponsor. 
Wird der Index zu irgendeiner Zeit aufgehoben 
und/oder durch einen anderen Index ersetzt, legt 
die Berechnungsstelle nach billigem Ermessen 
fest, welcher Index künftig für die Berechnung des 
anwendbaren Zinssatzes zugrunde zu legen ist 
(der "Nachfolgeindex"). Der Nachfolgeindex 
sowie 
der 
Zeitpunkt 
seiner 
erstmaligen 
Anwendung werden so bald wie möglich jedoch 
keinesfalls später als am Zinsenfestlegungstag 
bekannt 
gemacht. 
Jede 
hier 
enthaltene 
Bezugnahme auf den Index gilt, sofern es der 
Zusammenhang erlaubt, als Bezugnahme auf den 
Nachfolgeindex. 
If at any time the Index is cancelled and/or 
replaced by any other index, the Calculation 
Agent 
shall, 
at 
its 
reasonable 
discretion, 
determine 
the 
Index 
which 
the 
following 
calculation of the applicable Rate of Interest will 
be based on (the "Successor Index"). The 
Successor Index and the time of its first 
application will be announced as soon as possible 
but not later than on the Determination Date. Any 
reference to the Index contained herein, shall, in 
this context, be deemed to refer to the Successor 
Index. 
Ist nach Ansicht der Berechnungsstelle: (i) die 
Festlegung eines Nachfolgeindex aus welchen 
Gründen 
auch 
immer 
nicht 
möglich; 
oder 
(ii) nimmt der Indexsponsor eine wesentliche 
Veränderung 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Berechnungsmethode zur Bestimmung des Index 
vor oder verändert der Indexsponsor den Index 
auf irgendeine andere Weise wesentlich, wird die 
Berechnungsstelle 
die 
Weiterrechnung 
und 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Indexstandes 
unter 
Berücksichtigung des Grundsatzes von Treu und 
Glauben und in wirtschaftlich vernünftiger Art und 
Weise durchführen. 
If according to the Calculation Agent’s opinion: 
(i) the determination of the Successor Index is, for 
whatever reason, not possible; or (ii) the Index 
Sponsor significantly changes the method of 
calculating the Index or the Index Sponsor 
significantly changes the Index in any other way, 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
shall 
make 
further 
calculations and publications of the index level 
acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
"Euro Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen Union, die 
gemäß dem Vertrag über die Gründung der 
Europäischen Gemeinschaft (unterzeichnet in 
Rom am 25. März 1957), geändert durch den 
Vertrag 
über 
die 
Europäische 
Union 
(unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 1992) 
und dem Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 
1997, 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, 
eine 
einheitliche Währung eingeführt haben oder 
jeweils eingeführt haben werden. 
"Euro-Zone" means the area of the member 
states of the European Union which have adopted 
or will adopt a single currency pursuant to the 
Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed on 25 March 1957 in Rome), as amended 
by the Treaty on the European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992) and pursuant to 
the Amsterdam Treaty of 2 October 1997, as 
amended from time to time. 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw von 
"Interest Period" means each period from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date to, 
but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date and

--- Page 184 ---
184 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
jeweils 
darauf 
folgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich).  
from, and including, each Interest Payment Date 
to, but excluding, the following Interest Payment 
Date.  
"Feststellungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[ersten] 
[zweiten] 
[andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen einfügen] Geschäftstag (wie in 
§ 1 (6) definiert) [vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode.] 
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] 
[insert other relevant number of Business 
Days] Business Day (as defined in § 1 (6)) [prior 
to the [commencement] [end]] of the relevant 
Interest Period.] 
[Ende 
der 
Bestimmungen 
für 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
einem 
inflationsabhängigen Zinssatz] 
[End of provisions for Notes with an inflation 
linked interest rate] 
[Falls 
bei 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
variablem Zinssatz ein Mindest- und/oder ein 
Höchstzinssatz gilt, einfügen: 
[If in case of Notes with a floating interest 
rate, a Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of 
Interest applies, insert: 
(2) [Mindest-] [und] [Höchst-] [und] [Memory-] 
Zinssatz. 
(2) [Minimum] [and] [Maximum] [and] [Memory] 
Rate of Interest. 
[Falls ein Mindestzinssatz gilt, einfügen: Wenn 
der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz niedriger ist als 
[Mindestzinssatz einfügen]% per annum, so ist 
der 
Zinssatz 
für 
diese 
Zinsperiode 
[Mindestzinssatz einfügen]% per annum. (der 
"Mindestzinssatz")] 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibung eine Memory Floater-
Zinsstruktur aufweist, einfügen: Wenn der 
gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode (die "maßgebliche Zinsperiode") 
ermittelte Zinssatz niedriger ist als der Zinssatz 
der unmittelbar vorhergehenden Zinsperiode, so 
ist der Zinssatz für die maßgebliche Zinsperiode 
der Zinssatz der unmittelbar vorhergehenden 
Zinsperiode ("Memory Floater").] 
[If Minimum Rate of Interest applies, insert: If 
the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is less than [insert Minimum Rate of 
Interest] per cent. per annum, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert 
Minimum Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum 
(the "Minimum Rate of Interest").] [in case the 
Notes 
have 
a 
Memory 
Floater 
interest 
structure, insert: If the Rate of Interest in 
respect of any Interest Period (the "relevant 
Interest Period") determined in accordance with 
the above provisions is less than the Rate of 
Interest of the immediately preceding Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be the Rate of Interest of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period ("Memory 
Floater").] 
[Falls 
mehrere 
Mindestzinssätze 
gelten, 
einfügen: 
Wenn 
der 
gemäß 
den 
obigen 
Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz niedriger ist als der für die maßgebliche 
Zinsperiode in nachstehender Tabelle angeführte 
Mindestzinssatz (der "Mindestzinssatz") in % per 
annum, so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
dieser Mindestzinssatz.  
[If more than one Minimum Rate of Interest 
applies, insert: If the Rate of Interest in respect 
of any Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the above provisions is less than the 
minimum rate of interest as indicated in the below 
table in per cent. per annum, (the "Minimum 
Rate of Interest") the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be the Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
vom 
(einschließ-
lich) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
Mindest-
zinssatz 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
(einschließ-
lich 
des 
Fälligkeits-
tags 
und 
des 
Erweiterten 
Fälligkeits-
tags 
(falls 
anwendbar)
) einfügen] 
[Mindest-
zinssatz 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
from, and 
including, 
to, but 
excluding, 
Minimum 
Rate of 
[insert date] 
[insert date 
(including 
the Maturity 
Date 
and 
the 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date 
(if 
applicable))
] 
[insert 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest] per 
cent. 
per 
annum

--- Page 185 ---
185 
[Falls ein Höchstzinssatz gilt, einfügen: Wenn 
der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz höher ist als 
[Höchstzinssatz einfügen]% per annum, so ist 
der 
Zinssatz 
für 
diese 
Zinsperiode 
[Höchstzinssatz einfügen]% per annum.]]  
[If Maximum Rate of Interest applies insert: If 
the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is greater than [insert Maximum Rate 
of Interest] per cent. per annum, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert 
Maximum Rate of Interest] per cent. per 
annum.]]  
[Bei 
allen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
außer 
Nullkupon Schuldverschreibungen, einfügen: 
[Insert for all Notes other than Zero Coupon 
Notes: 
([2/3]) Zinszahlungstage. 
([2/3]) Interest Payment Dates. 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind im 
Nachhinein an jedem Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
"Zinszahlungstag" bedeutet jeder [festgelegte 
Zinszahlungstage einfügen], beginnend mit 
dem [ersten Zinszahlungstag einfügen]. 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date. "Interest 
Payment Date" means each [insert specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates], commencing on 
[insert first Interest Payment Date]. 
Zinszahlungstage unterliegen einer Anpassung in 
Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 (3) enthaltenen 
Bestimmungen. 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the provisions set out in 
§ 4 (3). 
([3/4]) Verzugszinsen. 
Der 
Zinslauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Ablauf des 
Kalendertages, der dem Kalendertag vorangeht, 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin 
die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht 
einlöst, wird der ausstehende Gesamtnennbetrag 
der Schuldverschreibungen vom Kalendertag der 
Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Kalendertag der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) weiterhin 
in Höhe des jeweils vorgesehenen Zinssatzes 
verzinst. Weitergehende Ansprüche der Gläubiger 
bleiben unberührt.] 
([3/4]) Default Interest. The Notes shall cease to 
bear interest from the expiry of the calendar day 
preceding the due date for redemption. If the 
Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, 
interest 
shall 
continue 
to 
accrue 
on 
the 
outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes from, and including, the due date for 
redemption to, but excluding, the date of actual 
redemption of the Notes at the respective rate of 
interest specified. This does not affect any 
additional rights that might be available to the 
Holders.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit einem 
fixen Zinssatz einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a fixed interest rate 
insert: 
(4) Berechnung des Zinsbetrags. Falls der auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlende Zinsbetrag 
für einen bestimmten Zeitraum von weniger oder 
mehr als einem Jahr zu berechnen ist, erfolgt die 
Berechnung des Zinsbetrags, indem der Zinssatz 
auf die festgelegte Stückelung angewendet wird, 
dieser Betrag mit dem Zinstagequotienten (wie 
nachstehend definiert) 
multipliziert 
und das 
hieraus resultierende Ergebnis auf die nächste 
Untereinheit der festgelegten Währung gerundet 
wird, wobei eine halbe Untereinheit aufgerundet 
wird oder die Rundung ansonsten gemäß der 
anwendbaren Marktkonvention erfolgt.] 
(4) Calculation of Amount of Interest. If the 
amount of interest payable under the Notes is 
required to be calculated for any period of time of 
less or more than a full year such amount of 
interest shall be calculated by applying the rate of 
interest 
to 
the 
Specified 
Denomination, 
multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count 
Fraction (as defined below), and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency, half of such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
the applicable market convention.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit einem 
variablen Zinssatz einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a floating interest rate 
insert: 
([4/5]) Berechnung 
des 
Zinsbetrags. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
wird 
den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Zinsbetrag 
(der "Zinsbetrag") in Bezug auf die festgelegte 
Stückelung 
für 
die 
relevante 
Zinsperiode 
berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag wird berechnet, indem 
der Zinssatz auf die festgelegte Stückelung 
([4/5]) Calculation of Amount of Interest. The 
Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of 
interest payable under the Notes (the "Amount of 
Interest") 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Amount of Interest shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified

--- Page 186 ---
186 
angewendet 
wird, 
dieser 
Betrag 
mit 
dem 
Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend definiert) 
multipliziert und der hieraus resultierende Betrag 
auf die nächste Untereinheit der festgelegten 
Währung gerundet wird, wobei eine halbe 
Untereinheit aufgerundet wird oder die Rundung 
ansonsten 
gemäß 
der 
anwendbaren 
Marktkonvention 
erfolgt. 
Im 
Falle 
einer 
Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode 
kann der auf diese Weise berechnete Zinsbetrag 
ohne Vorankündigung nachträglich angepasst 
(oder andere geeignete Anpassungsregelungen 
getroffen) werden. 
Denomination, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction (as defined below) 
and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, with 
half of such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
Each 
Amount 
of 
Interest 
so 
calculated may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
([5/6]) Mitteilungen 
des 
Zinssatzes. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass die 
Zinsperiode und der Zinssatz der Emittentin, jeder 
Börse, an der die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln 
eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, und den 
Gläubigern gemäß § 10 baldmöglichst nach ihrer 
Bestimmung mitgeteilt werden. 
([5/6]) Notification of Rate of Interest. The 
Calculation Agent will cause the Interest Period 
and the Rate of Interest to be notified to the 
Issuer, any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are from time to time listed (if required by the 
rules of such stock exchange) and to the Holders 
in accordance with § 10 as soon as possible after 
their determination. 
([6/7]) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und 
Entscheidungen, die von der Berechnungsstelle 
für die Zwecke dieses § 3 gemacht, abgegeben, 
getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern 
keine vorsätzliche Pflichtverletzung, kein böser 
Glaube und kein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) 
für die Emittentin, die Zahlstellen und die 
Gläubiger bindend, und, sofern keiner der 
vorstehend genannten Umstände vorliegt, haftet 
die Berechnungsstelle nicht gegenüber der 
Emittentin, den Zahlstellen oder den Gläubigern 
im Zusammenhang mit der Ausübung oder 
Nichtausübung ihrer Rechte und Pflichten und 
ihres Ermessens gemäß solchen Bestimmungen.] 
([6/7]) Determinations Binding. All certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
the provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation Agent 
shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents and the Holders and, in the 
absence of the aforesaid, no liability to the Issuer, 
the Paying Agents or the Holders shall attach to 
the Calculation Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions pursuant to such provisions.] 
([5/7/8]) Zinstagequotient. 
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung eines 
Zinsbetrags auf eine Schuldverschreibung für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
([5/7/8]) Day 
Count 
Fraction. 
"Day 
Count 
Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of 
an amount of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ICMA) anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
[In case Actual/Actual (ICMA) applies, insert: 
(a) 
falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum kürzer 
ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, 
oder falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum der 
Feststellungsperiode entspricht, die Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch das 
Produkt 
aus: 
(x) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage in der Feststellungsperiode; 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine 
(wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr; oder 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Calculation Period ends, 
the number of calendar days in such 
Calculation Period divided by the product 
of: (x) the number of calendar days in such 
Determination Period; and (y) the number 
of 
Determination 
Dates 
(as 
specified 
below) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(b) 
falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger 
ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the

--- Page 187 ---
187 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, 
die Summe aus 
Calculation Period ends, the sum of 
(i) 
der Anzahl der Kalendertage in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, 
in 
welcher 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
beginnt, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus: (x) der 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in der 
Feststellungsperiode; 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungstermine in 
einem Kalenderjahr; und 
(i) 
the number of calendar days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the 
Calculation Period begins divided by 
the product of: (x) the number of 
calendar days in such Determination 
Period; 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Dates 
that 
would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
der Anzahl der Kalendertage in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
nächste Feststellungsperiode fallen, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus: (x) der 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in dieser 
Feststellungsperiode; 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungstermine in 
einem Kalenderjahr. 
(ii) 
the number of calendar days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the 
product 
of: 
(x) the 
number 
of 
calendar days in such Determination 
Period; 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Dates 
that 
would 
occur in one calendar year. 
"Feststellungsperiode" ist der Zeitraum von 
einem Feststellungstermin (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
nächsten 
Feststellungstermin 
(ausschließlich); dies schließt dann, wenn der 
Verzinsungsbeginn kein Feststellungstermin ist, 
den 
Zeitraum 
ein, 
der 
an 
dem 
ersten 
Feststellungstermin vor dem Verzinsungsbeginn 
anfängt, 
und 
dann, 
wenn 
der 
letzte 
Zinszahlungstag kein Feststellungstermin ist, den 
Zeitraum 
ein, 
der 
an 
dem 
ersten 
Feststellungstermin 
nach 
dem 
letzten 
Zinszahlungstag endet. 
"Determination Period" means the period from, 
and including, a Determination Date to, but 
excluding, the next Determination Date (including, 
where the Interest Commencement Date is not a 
Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to the Interest 
Commencement Date, and where the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination 
Date, the first Determination Date falling after the 
final Interest Payment Date, as the case may be). 
Die 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine 
im 
Kalenderjahr (jeweils ein "Feststellungstermin") 
beträgt 
[Anzahl 
der 
regulären 
Zinszahlungstage im Kalenderjahr einfügen].] 
The number of interest determination dates per 
calendar year (each a "Determination Date") is 
[insert number of regular interest payment 
dates per calendar year].] 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ISDA) anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, 
die Summe aus: 
[In case Actual/Actual (ISDA) applies, insert: 
the actual number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
calculation portion of that Calculation Period falls 
in a leap year, the sum of: 
(a) 
der 
tatsächlichen 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
in 
dem 
Teil 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
die 
in 
das 
Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 366; und 
(a) 
the actual number of calendar days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366; and 
(b) 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Kalendertagen 
in dem Teil des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
die nicht in ein Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert 
durch 365).] 
(b) 
the actual number of calendar days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365).] 
[Falls 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 365.] 
[In case Actual/365 (Fixed) applies, insert: the 
actual number of calendar days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.] 
[Falls Actual/360 anwendbar ist, einfügen: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
[In case Actual/360 applies, insert: the actual 
number of calendar days in the Calculation Period

--- Page 188 ---
188 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
divided by 360.] 
[Falls 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert 
durch 360, 
wobei 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Kalendertagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 
30 Kalendertagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn: 
[In case 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
applies, insert: the number of calendar days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number 
of calendar days to be calculated on the basis of 
a year of 360 calendar days with twelve 30-
calendar day months (unless: 
(a) 
der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 
31. Kalendertag eines Monats, während 
der 
erste 
Kalendertag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 
30. noch auf den 31. Kalendertag eines 
Monats fällt, wobei in diesem Fall der den 
letzten Kalendertag enthaltende Monat 
nicht als ein auf 30 Kalendertage gekürzter 
Monat zu behandeln ist; oder 
(a) 
the last calendar day of the Calculation 
Period is the 31st calendar day of a month 
but the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period is a calendar day other than the 30th 
or 31st calendar day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last 
calendar day shall not be considered to be 
shortened to a 30-calendar day month; or 
(b) 
der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 
letzten Kalendertag des Monats Februar, 
wobei in diesem Fall der Monat Februar 
nicht 
als 
ein 
auf 
30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
(b) 
the last calendar day of the Calculation 
Period is the last calendar day of the month 
of February in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-calendar day month).] 
[Falls 
30E/360 
oder 
Eurobond 
Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert 
durch 360 
(wobei 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Kalendertagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 
30 Kalendertagen zu ermitteln ist, und zwar ohne 
Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten 
Kalendertages 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei denn, der 
Fälligkeitstag 
ist, 
im 
Fall 
des 
letzten 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
der 
letzte 
Kalendertag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln ist). 
[In case 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis applies, 
insert: the number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of 
calendar days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 calendar days with twelve 30-
calendar day months, without regard to the date 
of the first calendar day or last calendar day of 
the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the 
final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the 
last calendar day of the month of February, in 
which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-calendar day 
month). 
[Bei 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
Referenz[zins]satz, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a Reference [Interest] 
Rate, insert: 
([8/9]) Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz. Im Fall eines 
Benchmark-Ereignisses 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert): (i) bemüht sich die Emittentin im 
angemessenen Umfang einen Unabhängigen 
Berater zu ernennen, um im billigen Ermessen 
des Unabhängigen Beraters (in Abstimmung mit 
der Berechnungsstelle und in gutem Glauben und 
auf 
eine 
wirtschaftlich 
vernünftige 
Weise 
handelnd (das "Ersetzungsziel")) einen Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz zu bestimmen, der an die 
Stelle des vom Benchmark-Ereignis betroffenen 
ursprünglichen Referenz[zins]satzes tritt; oder 
(ii) falls der Unabhängige Berater von der 
Emittentin 
nicht 
ernannt 
wird 
oder 
nicht 
zeitgerecht ernannt werden kann oder falls ein 
Unabhängiger Berater von der Emittentin ernannt 
([8/9]) Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate. In the 
event of a Benchmark Event: (i) the Issuer shall 
use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent 
Advisor 
to 
determine 
in 
the 
Independent Advisor's reasonable discretion (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent and acting 
in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner 
(the 
"Substitution 
Objective")) 
a 
Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate which shall 
replace the original Reference [Interest] Rate 
affected by the Benchmark Event; or (ii) if no 
Independent Advisor is or can be timely 
appointed by the Issuer or if an Independent 
Advisor is appointed by the Issuer, but fails to 
determine a Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate, 
then the Issuer (in consideration of the Substitute

--- Page 189 ---
189 
wird, 
aber 
dieser 
keinen 
Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz bestimmt, dann kann die 
Emittentin 
(unter 
Berücksichtigung 
des 
Ersetzungsziels) bestimmen, welcher Satz (falls 
überhaupt) 
den 
vom 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
betroffenen 
ursprünglichen 
Referenz[zins]satz 
ersetzt hat. Ein Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz gilt ab 
dem vom Unabhängigen Berater oder von der 
Emittentin (je nachdem) im billigen Ermessen 
bestimmten 
Feststellungstag 
(einschließlich), 
frühestens jedoch ab dem Feststellungstag, der 
mit dem Benchmark-Ereignis zusammenfällt oder 
auf dieses folgt, erstmals mit Wirkung für die 
Zinsperiode, für die an diesem Feststellungstag 
der Zinssatz festgelegt wird. Der "Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz" ist ein Satz (ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz per annum), der sich aus einem vom 
Unabhängigen Berater oder von der Emittentin (je 
nachdem) im billigen Ermessen festgelegten 
Alternativ-Referenz[zins]satz 
(der 
"Alternativ-
Referenz[zins]satz"), der von einem Dritten 
bereitgestellt wird und der alle anwendbaren 
rechtlichen Voraussetzungen erfüllt, um ihn zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen zu verwenden, mit 
den vom Unabhängigen Berater oder von der 
Emittentin (je nachdem) im billigen Ermessen 
gegebenenfalls bestimmten Anpassungen, die in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
einer 
Allgemein 
Akzeptierten 
Marktpraxis, 
einem 
Amtlichen 
Ersetzungskonzept oder einer Branchenlösung 
gegebenenfalls empfohlen werden, (zB in Form 
von Auf- oder Abschlägen) ergibt. 
Objective) may determine which (if any) rate has 
replaced the original Reference [Interest] Rate 
affected by the Benchmark Event. Any Substitute 
Reference [Interest] Rate shall apply from (and 
including) the Determination Day determined by 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) in its due discretion, which shall be 
no earlier than the Determination Day falling on or 
immediately following the date of the Benchmark 
Event, with first effect for the Interest Period for 
which the Rate of Interest is determined on such 
Determination Day. The "Substitute Reference 
[Interest] Rate" shall be a rate (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) which corresponds to 
an alternative reference [interest] rate (the 
"Alternative 
Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate") 
provided by a third party and meeting any 
applicable legal requirements for being used for 
determining the payment obligations under the 
Notes determined by the Independent Advisor or 
the Issuer (as the case may be) in its due 
discretion, 
as 
modified 
by 
applying 
the 
adjustments, which in accordance with the 
Generally Accepted Market Practice, an Official 
Substitution Concept or an Industry Solution (if 
any) are recommended, (e.g. in the form of 
premiums or discounts), if any, that may be 
determined by the Independent Advisor or the 
Issuer (as the case may be) in its due discretion. 
Unbeschadet 
der 
Allgemeingültigkeit 
des 
Vorstehenden wird der Unabhängige Berater oder 
die Emittentin (je nachdem) insbesondere, aber 
ohne 
Beschränkung, 
ein 
Amtliches 
Ersetzungskonzept, eine Branchenlösung oder 
eine 
Allgemein 
Akzeptierte 
Marktpraxis 
berücksichtigen. 
Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be)  shall in particular, but without 
limitation take into consideration an Official 
Substitution Concept, an Industry Solution or a 
Generally Accepted Market Practice. 
Bestimmt der Unabhängige Berater oder die 
Emittentin 
(je 
nachdem) 
einen 
Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz, 
so 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt,  nach billigem Ermessen diejenigen 
Änderungen 
in 
den 
verfahrensmäßigen  
Festlegungen in Bezug auf die Bestimmung des 
aktuellen 
Ersatz- 
Referenz[zins]satzes 
(zB 
Feststellungstag, 
maßgebliche 
Uhrzeit, 
maßgebliche Bildschirmseite für den Bezug des 
Alternativ-Referenz[zins]satzes 
sowie 
Ausfallbestimmungen 
für 
den 
Fall 
der 
Nichtverfügbarkeit 
der 
maßgeblichen 
Bildschirmseite) und diejenigen Anpassungen an 
die Definition von "Geschäftstag" in § 1 (6) und 
die Bestimmungen zur Geschäftstagekonvention 
in § 4 (3) vorzunehmen, die in Übereinstimmung 
mit der Allgemein Akzeptierten Marktpraxis, dem 
Amtlichen 
Ersetzungskonzept 
oder 
der 
Branchenlösung erforderlich oder zweckmäßig 
sind, um die Ersetzung des Referenz[zins]satzes 
durch den Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz praktisch 
If the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) determines a Substitute Reference 
[Interest] Rate, it shall also be entitled to make, in 
its due discretion, any such adjustments to the 
procedural 
determinations 
relating 
to 
the 
determination of the current Substitute Reference 
[Interest] Rate (e.g. the determination day, the 
relevant time, the relevant screen page for 
obtaining the Alternative Reference [Interest] 
Rate and the fallback provisions in the event that 
the relevant screen page is not available) and to 
make such adjustments to the definition of 
"Business Day" in § 1 (6) and the business day 
convention 
provisions 
in 
§ 4 (3) 
which 
in 
accordance with the Generally Accepted Market 
Practice, the Official Substitution Concept or the 
Industry Solution are necessary or expedient to 
make the substitution of the Reference [Interest] 
Rate by the Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate 
operative.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
durchführbar zu machen. 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" bezeichnet: 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) den 
Fall, 
dass 
die 
regelmäßige 
Veröffentlichung des Referenz[zins]satzes (oder 
maßgeblicher Bestandteile davon) eingestellt wird 
oder der Referenz[zins]satz (oder maßgebliche 
Bestandteile davon) ganz wegfällt; oder 
(a) the case that the Reference [Interest] Rate (or 
any component part thereof) ceases to be 
published on a regular basis or ceases to exist; or 
(b) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
des 
Administrators des Referenz[zins]satzes oder der 
für den Administrator des Referenz[zins]satzes 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
dass 
(i) 
die 
Ermittlung, Bereitstellung oder Bekanntgabe des 
Referenz[zins]satzes 
dauerhaft 
oder 
auf 
unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt worden ist oder 
eingestellt werden wird, ohne dass ein Nachfolge-
Administrator 
existiert, 
oder 
(ii) 
der 
Referenz[zins]satz 
aus 
sonstigen 
Gründen 
dauerhaft und endgültigen wegfällt; oder 
(b) a public statement by the administrator or the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate, 
that 
(i) 
the 
determination, 
provision 
or 
publication 
of 
the 
Reference 
[Interest] Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued in circumstances where 
no successor administrator exists, or (ii) the 
Reference [Interest] Rate permanently or finally 
ceases to exist for other reasons; or 
(c) eine wesentliche Änderung der Methode zur 
Ermittlung 
oder 
Berechnung 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes im Vergleich zu derjenigen 
Methode, 
die 
bei 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zur Anwendung kam, 
oder 
eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
des 
Administrators des Referenz[zins]satzes oder der 
für den Administrator des  Referenz[zins]satzes 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
dass 
eine 
wesentliche Änderung der Methode zur Ermittlung 
oder Berechnung des Referenz[zins]satzes im 
Vergleich 
zu 
derjenigen 
Methode, 
die 
bei 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
Anwendung kam, eingetreten ist oder eintreten 
wird, was dazu führt oder führen wird, dass der 
gemäß 
der 
neuen 
Methode 
berechnete 
Referenz[zins]satz 
nicht 
mehr 
den 
Referenz[zins]satz 
repräsentiert 
oder 
repräsentieren 
wird 
oder 
zu 
repräsentieren 
geeignet ist oder geeignet sein wird oder aus 
sonstigen 
Gründen 
seinem 
wirtschaftlichen 
Gehalt 
nach 
nicht 
mehr 
mit 
dem 
Referenz[zins]satz vergleichbar ist, der mit der 
bei Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen zur 
Anwendung gekommenen Methode ermittelt oder 
berechnet wurde; oder 
(c) a material change in the methodology of 
determining 
or 
calculating 
the 
Reference 
[Interest] Rate as compared to the methodology 
used at the time of the issuance of the Notes, or a 
public statement by the administrator of the 
Reference [Interest] Rate or by the supervisor of 
the administrator of the Reference [Interest] Rate 
that a material change in the methodology of 
determining 
or 
calculating 
the 
Reference 
[Interest] Rate as compared to the methodology 
used at the time of the issuance of the Notes, has 
occurred or will occur which results or will result in 
the Reference [Interest] Rate, calculated in 
accordance with the new methodology, no longer 
representing, 
or 
being 
apt 
to 
represent 
adequately, the Reference [Interest] Rate or in 
terms of economic substance no longer being 
comparable to the Reference [Interest] Rate 
determined or calculated in accordance with the 
methodology used at the time of the issuance of 
the Notes; or 
(d) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung durch die für 
den 
Administrator 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes 
zuständige 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
dass 
der 
Referenz[zins]satz für den zugrundeliegenden 
Markt oder die wirtschaftliche Realität dauerhaft 
und unabänderlich nicht mehr repräsentativ ist; 
oder 
(d) a public statement is made by the supervisor 
of the administrator of the Reference [Interest] 
Rate that the Reference [Interest] Rate is no 
longer representative of an underlying market or 
economic 
reality 
on 
a 
permanent 
and 
irremediable basis; or 
(e) die Anwendbarkeit eines Gesetzes oder einer 
sonstigen 
Rechtsvorschrift 
oder 
einer 
behördlichen 
oder 
gerichtlichen 
Anordnung, 
Verfügung 
oder 
sonstigen 
verbindlichen 
Maßnahme, die unmittelbar dazu führt, dass der 
Referenz[zins]satz nicht mehr als Referenzsatz 
zur Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
(e) the applicability of any law or any other legal 
provision, or of any administrative or judicial 
order, decree or other binding measure, pursuant 
to which the Reference [Interest] Rate may no 
longer be used as a reference rate to determine 
the payment obligations under the Notes, or 
pursuant to which any such use is subject to not

--- Page 191 ---
191 
unter den Schuldverschreibungen verwendet 
werden darf oder nach der eine derartige 
Verwendung 
nicht 
nur 
unwesentlichen 
Beschränkungen 
oder 
nachteiligen 
Folgen 
unterliegt. 
only 
immaterial 
restrictions 
or 
adverse 
consequences. 
"Amtliches 
Ersetzungskonzept" 
bezeichnet 
eine verbindliche oder unverbindliche öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung von (i) der EU-Kommission 
oder 
eines 
EU-Mitgliedstaates 
unter 
Berücksichtigung 
der 
Empfehlung 
einer 
Arbeitsgruppe für alternative Referenzzinssätze, 
die unter der Schirmherrschaft der Zentralbank 
tätig ist, die für die Währung zuständig ist, auf die 
die Zinssätze der Ersatz-Benchmark laute, sofern 
verfügbar, 
oder 
(ii) 
einer 
der 
folgenden 
Einrichtungen, vorausgesetzt, dass sie für die 
Abgabe einer solchen Erklärung zuständig sind: 
eine Zentralbank, eine Aufsichtsbehörde oder ein 
öffentlich-rechtlich konstituiertes oder besetztes 
Aufsichts- oder Fachgremium der Finanzbranche, 
wonach 
ein 
bestimmter 
Referenzsatz, 
gegebenenfalls 
unter 
Vornahme 
bestimmter 
Anpassungen, 
an 
die 
Stelle 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes treten solle oder könne oder 
wonach 
ein 
bestimmtes 
Verfahren 
zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen, die 
ansonsten 
unter 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Referenz[zins]satz bestimmt werden würden, zur 
Anwendung gelangen solle oder könne. 
"Official Substitution Concept" means any 
binding or non-binding public statement by (i) the 
EU Commission or any EU Member State taking 
into 
account, 
where 
available, 
the 
recommendation by an alternative reference rate 
working group operating under the auspices of 
the central bank responsible for the currency in 
which the interest rates of the replacement 
benchmark are denominated or (ii) any of the 
following 
entities 
provided 
that 
they 
are 
competent to make such statement: a central 
bank, a supervisory authority or a supervisory or 
expert body of the financial sector established 
under public law or composed of publicly 
appointed members pursuant to which a certain 
reference rate, subject to certain adjustments (if 
any), should or could be used to replace the 
Reference [Interest] Rate or pursuant to which a 
certain procedure should or could be used in 
order to determine payment obligations which 
would otherwise be determined by reference to 
the Reference [Interest] Rate. 
"Branchenlösung" bezeichnet eine öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung der International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association (ISDA), der International 
Capital 
Markets 
Association 
(ICMA), 
der 
Association for Financial Markets in Europe 
(AFME), der Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (SIFMA), der SIFMA Asset 
Management Group (SIFMA AMG), der Loan 
Markets Association (LMA), des Deutschen 
Derivate Verbands (DDV), des Zertifikate Forum 
Österreich 
oder 
eines 
sonstigen 
privaten 
Branchenverbands der Finanzwirtschaft, wonach 
ein bestimmter Referenzsatz, gegebenenfalls 
unter Vornahme bestimmter Anpassungen, an die 
Stelle des Referenz[zins]satzes treten solle oder 
könne oder wonach ein bestimmtes Verfahren zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen, die 
ansonsten 
unter 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Referenz[zins]satz bestimmt werden würden, zur 
Anwendung gelangen solle oder könne. 
"Industry Solution" means any public statement 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association (ISDA), the International Capital 
Markets Association (ICMA), the Association for 
Financial 
Markets 
in 
Europe 
(AFME), 
the 
Securities 
Industry 
and 
Financial 
Markets 
Association 
(SIFMA), 
the 
SIFMA 
Asset 
Management Group (SIFMA AMG), the Loan 
Markets 
Association 
(LMA), 
the 
Deutsche 
Derivate Verbands (DDV), the Zertifikate Forum 
Austria or any other private association of the 
financial industry pursuant to which a certain 
reference rate, subject to certain adjustments (if 
any), should or could be used to replace the 
Reference [Interest] Rate or pursuant to which a 
certain procedure should or could be used in 
order to determine payment obligations which 
would otherwise be determined by reference to 
the Reference [Interest] Rate. 
"Allgemein Akzeptierte Marktpraxis" bezeichnet 
die 
übliche 
Verwendung 
eines 
bestimmten 
Referenzsatzes, gegebenenfalls unter Vornahme 
bestimmter 
Anpassungen, 
anstelle 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes oder die vertragliche oder 
anderweitige 
Regelung 
eines 
bestimmten 
Verfahrens 
zur 
Bestimmung 
von 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen, die ansonsten unter 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Referenz[zins]satz 
bestimmt worden wären, in einer Vielzahl von 
Anleiheemissionen 
nach 
dem 
Eintritt 
eines 
"Generally Accepted Market Practice" means 
the customary use of a certain reference rate, 
subject to certain adjustments (if any), as 
substitute rate for the Reference [Interest] Rate or 
of provisions, contractual or otherwise, providing 
for a certain procedure to determine payment 
obligations which would otherwise have been 
determined by reference to the Reference 
[Interest] Rate in a material number of bond 
issues following the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Event, or any other generally accepted market

--- Page 192 ---
192 
Benchmark-Ereignisses 
oder 
eine 
sonstige 
allgemein akzeptierte Marktpraxis zur Ersetzung 
des Referenz[zins]satzes als Referenzsatz für die 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen. 
practice to replace the Reference [Interest] Rate 
as reference rate for the determination of 
payment obligations. 
Für die Zwecke dieses Unterabsatzes bezeichnet 
der "Unabhängige Berater" ein unabhängiges 
Finanzinstitut von internationaler Reputation oder 
einen anderen unabhängigen Finanzberater in 
der Eurozone mit Erfahrung am internationalen 
Kapitalmarkt, der jeweils von der Emittentin auf 
ihre eigenen Kosten ernannt wird. 
For 
the 
purposes 
of 
this 
subparagraph 
"Independent Advisor" means an independent 
financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial advisor in the Euro zone 
experienced in the international capital markets, 
in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense. 
Der Unabhängige Berater oder die Emittentin (je 
nachdem) 
sind 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
berechtigt, aber nicht verpflichtet, in Bezug auf ein 
und 
dasselbe 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
mehrfach 
einen Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz nach Maßgabe 
der Bestimmungen dieses Unterabsatzes zu 
bestimmen, wenn diese spätere Bestimmung 
besser 
geeignet 
ist 
als 
die 
jeweils 
vorangegangene, 
das 
Ersetzungsziel 
zu 
erreichen. 
Die 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
Unterabsatzes gelten auch entsprechend für den 
Fall, dass in Bezug auf einen vom Unabhängigen 
Berater oder von der Emittentin (je nachdem) 
zuvor bestimmten Alternativ-Referenz[zins]satz 
ein Benchmark-Ereignis eintritt. 
The Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) is entitled, but not obliged, to 
determine, in its due discretion, a Substitute 
Reference [Interest] Rate pursuant to the 
provisions of this subparagraph several times in 
relation to the same Benchmark Event, provided 
that each later determination is better suitable 
than the earlier one to realise the Substitution 
Objective. The provisions of this subparagraph 
shall also apply mutatis mutandis in the event of a 
Benchmark Event occurring in relation to any 
Alternative Reference [Interest] Rate previously 
determined by the Independent Advisor or the 
Issuer (as the case may be). 
Hat der Unabhängige Berater oder die Emittentin 
(je nachdem) nach Eintritt eines Benchmark-
Ereignisses 
einen 
Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz 
bestimmt, so wird veranlasst, dass der Eintritt des 
Benchmark-Ereignisses, der vom Unabhängigen 
Berater oder von der Emittentin (je nachdem) 
bestimmte Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz sowie alle 
weiteren 
damit 
zusammenhängenden 
Festsetzungen des Unabhängigen Beraters oder 
der Emittentin (je nachdem) gemäß diesem 
Unterabsatz der Berechnungsstelle und den 
Gläubigern gemäß § 10 baldmöglichst, aber 
keinesfalls später als am vierten auf die 
Bestimmung 
des 
Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satzes 
folgenden Geschäftstag sowie jeder Börse, an der 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln 
eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
die 
Börse 
verlangen, 
baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls später als zu 
Beginn der Zinsperiode, ab der der Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz erstmals anzuwenden ist, 
mitgeteilt werden.]] 
If the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) has determined a Substitute 
Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate 
following 
the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event, it will cause 
the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, the 
Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate determined 
by the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) and any further determinations of 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) pursuant to this subparagraph 
associated therewith to be notified to the 
Calculation 
Agent 
and 
to 
the 
Holders 
in 
accordance with § 10 as soon as possible, but in 
no event later than the fourth Business Day 
following the determination of the Substitute 
Reference [Interest] Rate and, if required by the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are from time to time listed, to such stock 
exchange as soon as possible, but in no event 
later than the first day of the Interest Period to 
which the Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate 
applies for the first time.]] 
[Im Falle einer Fix-to-Floating Verzinsung, 
einfügen:  
[In case of Fix-to-Floating interest, insert:  
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Festverzinsung. 
(1) Fixed Interest. 
(a) Festzinssatz und Festzinszahlungstage. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
ihres 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
(a) Fixed Rate of Interest and Fixed Interest 
Payment Dates. The Notes shall bear interest on 
their outstanding aggregate principal amount at 
the rate of [insert First Rate of Interest] per 
cent. per annum (the "First Rate of Interest")

--- Page 193 ---
193 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum 
[Zinssatzwechseltag 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Zinssatzwechseltag") 
(ausschließlich) 
(der 
"Erste 
Zeitraum") 
mit 
[Ersten 
Zinssatz 
einfügen]% per annum (der "Erste Zinssatz") 
[Im Fall einer kurzen oder langen ersten 
Zinsperiode einfügen: Mit Ausnahme der ersten 
Zinszahlung sind die Zinsen] [im Fall von 
ausschließlich regulären Festzinszahlungen 
einfügen: Die Zinsen sind] für den Ersten 
Zeitraum] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
vierteljährlichen 
Festzinszahlungen einfügen: vierteljährlich] [im 
Fall von halbjährlichen Festzinszahlungen 
einfügen: halbjährlich] [im Fall von jährlichen 
Festzinszahlungen 
einfügen: 
jährlich] 
nachträglich 
am 
[Festzinszahlungstage 
einfügen] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar (jeweils ein 
"Festzinszahlungstag"), beginnend mit dem 
[ersten Festzinszahlungstag einfügen] und 
endend mit dem [letzten Festzinszahlungstag 
einfügen]. Die Festzinszahlungstage unterliegen 
einer Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in 
§ 4 (3) enthaltenen Bestimmungen. 
from, 
and 
including, 
[insert 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest 
Commencement Date") to, but excluding, [insert 
Interest Rate Change Date] (the "Interest Rate 
Change Date") (the "First Period"). [In case of a 
short or long first interest period insert: With 
the exception of the first payment of interest, 
interest] [in case of Notes which have only 
regular fixed interest payments insert: Interest] 
for the First Period] shall be payable [in case of 
quarterly fixed interest payments insert: 
quarterly] [in case of semi-annual fixed interest 
payments insert: semi-annually] [in case of 
annual 
fixed 
interest 
payments 
insert: 
annually] in arrear on [insert Fixed Interest 
Payment Dates] in each year (each such date, a 
"Fixed Interest Payment Date"), commencing on 
[insert first Fixed Interest Payment Date] and 
ending on [insert last Fixed Interest Payment 
Date]. Fixed Interest Payment Dates are subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the provisions 
set out in § 4 (3). 
(b) Berechnung des Zinsbetrags. Falls der auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlende Zinsbetrag 
für einen bestimmten Zeitraum von weniger oder 
mehr als einem Jahr innerhalb des Ersten 
Zeitraums 
zu 
berechnen 
ist, 
erfolgt 
die 
Berechnung des Zinsbetrags, indem der Erste 
Zinssatz 
auf 
die 
festgelegte 
Stückelung 
angewendet 
wird, 
dieser 
Betrag 
mit 
dem 
Festzinstagequotienten 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
multipliziert 
und 
das 
hieraus 
resultierende 
Ergebnis 
auf 
die 
nächste 
Untereinheit der festgelegten Währung gerundet 
wird, wobei eine halbe Untereinheit aufgerundet 
wird oder die Rundung ansonsten gemäß der 
anwendbaren Marktkonvention erfolgt. 
(b) Calculation of Amount of Interest. If the 
amount of interest payable under the Notes is 
required to be calculated for any period of time of 
less or more than a full year in the First Period 
such amount of interest shall be calculated by 
applying the First Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Fixed Day Count Fraction (as defined 
below), and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency, half of 
such 
sub-unit 
being 
rounded 
upwards 
or 
otherwise in accordance with the applicable 
market convention.  
 
(c) Festzinstagequotient. "Festzinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung eines 
Zinsbetrags auf eine Schuldverschreibung für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
(c) Fixed Day Count Fraction. "Fixed Day Count 
Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of 
an amount of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
[falls Actual/Actual (ICMA) anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
[In case Actual/Actual (ICMA) applies, insert: 
1. 
falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum kürzer 
ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, 
oder falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum der 
Feststellungsperiode entspricht, die Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch das 
Produkt 
aus: 
(x) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage in der Feststellungsperiode; 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine 
(wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr; oder 
1. 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Calculation Period ends, 
the number of calendar days in such 
Calculation Period divided by the product 
of: (x) the number of calendar days in such 
Determination Period; and (y) the number 
of 
Determination 
Dates 
(as 
specified 
below) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
2. 
falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger 
ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das 
2. 
if the Calculation Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the

--- Page 194 ---
194 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, 
die Summe aus: 
Calculation Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
der Anzahl der Kalendertage in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, 
in 
welcher 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
beginnt, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus: (x) der 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in der 
Feststellungsperiode; 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungstermine in 
einem Kalenderjahr; und 
(A) 
the number of calendar days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the 
Calculation Period begins divided by 
the product of: (x) the number of 
calendar days in such Determination 
Period: 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Dates 
that 
would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
der Anzahl der Kalendertage in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
nächste Feststellungsperiode fallen, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus: (x) der 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in dieser 
Feststellungsperiode; 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungstermine in 
einem Kalenderjahr.  
(B) 
the number of calendar days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the 
product 
of: 
(x) the 
number 
of 
calendar days in such Determination 
Period: 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Dates 
that 
would 
occur in one calendar year.  
"Feststellungsperiode" ist der Zeitraum von 
einem Feststellungstermin (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
nächsten 
Feststellungstermin 
(ausschließlich); dies schließt dann, wenn der 
Verzinsungsbeginn kein Feststellungstermin ist, 
den 
Zeitraum 
ein, 
der 
an 
dem 
ersten 
Feststellungstermin vor dem Verzinsungsbeginn 
anfängt, 
und 
dann, 
wenn 
der 
letzte 
Festzinszahlungstag kein Feststellungstermin ist, 
den 
Zeitraum 
ein, 
der 
an 
dem 
ersten 
Feststellungstermin 
nach 
dem 
letzten 
Festzinszahlungstag endet. 
"Determination Period" means the period from, 
and including, a Determination Date to, but 
excluding, the next Determination Date (including, 
where the Interest Commencement Date is not a 
Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to the Interest 
Commencement Date, and where the final Fixed 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination 
Date, the first Determination Date falling after the 
final Fixed Interest Payment Date, as the case 
may be). 
Die 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine 
im 
Kalenderjahr (jeweils ein "Feststellungstermin") 
beträgt 
[Anzahl 
der 
regulären 
Festzinszahlungstage 
im 
Kalenderjahr 
einfügen].] 
The number of interest determination dates per 
calendar year (each a "Determination Date") is 
[insert number of regular fixed interest 
payment dates per calendar year].] 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ISDA) anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, 
die Summe aus: (x) der tatsächlichen Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
in 
dem 
Teil 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die in das Schaltjahr 
fallen, dividiert durch 366; und (y) die tatsächliche 
Anzahl von Kalendertagen in dem Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
die 
nicht 
in 
ein 
Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 365).] 
[In case Actual/Actual (ISDA) applies, insert: 
the actual number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
calculation portion of that Calculation Period falls 
in a leap year, the sum of: (x) the actual number 
of calendar days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366; and 
(y) the actual number of calendar days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-
leap year divided by 365).]  
[Falls 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 365.] 
[In case Actual/365 (Fixed) applies, insert: the 
actual number of calendar days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.] 
[Falls Actual/360 anwendbar ist, einfügen: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[In case Actual/360 applies, insert: the actual 
number of calendar days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360.] 
[Falls 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis 
[In case 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis

--- Page 195 ---
195 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der 
Kalendertage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Kalendertagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 
Kalendertagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn: 
(x) der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
fällt 
auf 
den 
31. Kalendertag eines Monats, während der erste 
Kalendertag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
weder 
auf 
den 
30. 
noch 
auf 
den 
31. Kalendertag  eines Monats fällt, wobei in 
diesem 
Fall 
der 
den 
letzten 
Kalendertag 
enthaltende 
Monat 
nicht 
als 
ein 
auf 
30 
Kalendertage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist; 
oder 
(y) der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten 
Kalendertag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln ist).]  
applies, insert: the number of calendar days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number 
of calendar days to be calculated on the basis of 
a year of 360 calendar days with twelve 30-
calendar day months (unless: (x) the last calendar 
day of the Calculation Period is the 31st calendar 
day of a month but the first calendar day of the 
Calculation Period is a calendar day other than 
the 30th or 31st calendar day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last calendar 
day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 
30-calendar day month; or (y) the last calendar 
day of the Calculation Period is the last calendar 
day of the month of February in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-calendar day month).] 
[Falls 
30E/360 
oder 
Eurobond 
Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 360 (wobei die Anzahl der 
Kalendertage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Kalendertagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 
30 Kalendertagen zu ermitteln ist, und zwar ohne 
Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten 
Kalendertages 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei denn, der 
Fälligkeitstag 
ist, 
im 
Fall 
des 
letzten 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
der 
letzte 
Kalendertag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln ist).] 
[In case 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis applies, 
insert: the number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of 
calendar days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 calendar days with twelve 30-
calendar day months, without regard to the date 
of the first calendar day or last calendar day of 
the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the 
final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the 
last calendar day of the month of February, in 
which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-calendar day 
month).] 
(2) Variable Verzinsung. 
(2) Variable Interest. 
(a) Variable Zinszahlungstage. 
(a) Variable Interest Payment Dates. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden auf der 
Grundlage 
ihres 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags mit dem Variablen Zinssatz 
(wie nachstehend definiert) verzinst, und zwar 
vom Zinssatzwechseltag (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 (1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich) (der "Zweite Zeitraum"). Zinsen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind im Zweiten 
Zeitraum im Nachhinein an jedem Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
zahlbar. 
"Variabler 
Zinszahlungstag" bedeutet jeder [festgelegte 
Variable 
Zinszahlungstage 
einfügen], 
beginnend 
mit 
dem 
[ersten 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen]. 
The Notes shall bear interest on their outstanding 
aggregate principal amount at the Variable Rate 
of Interest (as defined below) from, and including, 
the Interest Rate Change Date to, but excluding, 
the Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)) (the 
"Second Period"). In the Second Period interest 
on the Notes shall be payable in arrear on each 
Variable 
Interest 
Payment 
Date. 
"Variable 
Interest Payment Date" means each [insert 
specified Variable Interest Payment Dates], 
commencing on [insert first Variable Interest 
Payment Date]. 
Variable 
Zinszahlungstage 
unterliegen 
einer 
Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 (4) 
enthaltenen Bestimmungen. 
Variable Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the provisions set 
out in § 4 (4). 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, deren 
Variabler Zinssatz an einen Referenzzinssatz 
[In case of Notes the Variable Rate of Interest 
of which is linked to a Reference Interest Rate,

--- Page 196 ---
196 
gebunden ist, einfügen: 
insert: 
(b) Variabler Zinssatz. Der variable Zinssatz (der 
"Variable 
Zinssatz") 
für 
jede 
Variable 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist der 
[Zahl, 
Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten Referenzzinssatzes einfügen] per 
annum (der "Referenzzinssatz") [im Fall einer 
Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der 
Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)] [im Fall eines 
Faktors einfügen: [und] multipliziert mit dem 
Faktor 
[Faktor 
einfügen]]. 
Bei 
dem 
Referenzzinssatz handelt es sich um den 
Angebotssatz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per 
annum) für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung 
mit 
einer 
Laufzeit, 
die 
der 
Laufzeit 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes 
entspricht, 
der 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite (wie nachstehend definiert) am 
Feststellungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
gegen [relevante Tageszeit einfügen] Uhr 
([relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) 
angezeigt wird, wobei alle Festlegungen durch die 
Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) angegeben) 
erfolgen. 
(b) Variable Rate of Interest. The variable rate of 
interest (the "Variable Rate of Interest") for each 
Variable Interest Period (as defined below) shall 
be the [insert number, term and name of 
relevant Reference Interest Rate] per annum 
(the "Reference Interest Rate") [in case of a 
Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin (as 
defined below)] [in case of a Factor insert: [and] 
multiplied by the factor [insert Factor]]. Such 
Reference Interest Rate shall be the offered rate 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
deposits in the Specified Currency with a term, 
which corresponds with the term of the Reference 
Interest Rate, which appears on the Screen Page 
(as defined below) as of [insert relevant time] 
([insert relevant financial centre] time) on the 
Determination Day (as defined below), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (as specified 
in § 6 (1)). 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich nicht ändert einfügen: 
Die "Marge" beträgt [Satz einfügen]% per 
annum.] 
[In case of Notes which have a margin which 
does not change, insert: "Margin" means 
[insert rate] per cent. per annum.] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich ändert, einfügen: Die 
"Marge" beträgt für die Variable[n] Zinsperiode[n] 
[in case of Notes which have a margin which 
changes, insert: "Margin" means in respect of 
the Variable Interest Period[s] 
vom 
(einschließlic
h) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[zuzüglich] 
[/] 
[abzüglich] 
[Marge 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
] 
from, 
and 
including, 
to, 
but 
excluding, 
 
 
[insert date] 
[insert 
date] 
[plus] [/] 
[minus] 
[insert 
Margin] per 
cent. per 
annum 
] 
"Variable Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum 
von dem Zinssatzwechseltag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
ersten 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
bzw 
von 
jedem 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils 
darauf 
folgenden 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
"Variable Interest Period" means each period 
from, and including, the Interest Rate Change 
Date to, but excluding, the first Variable Interest 
Payment Date and from, and including, each 
Variable Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, 
the following Variable Interest Payment Date. 
"Feststellungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[ersten] 
[zweiten] 
[andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen einfügen] Geschäftstag (wie in 
§ 1 (6) definiert) [vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der 
jeweiligen Variablen Zinsperiode. 
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] 
[insert other relevant number of Business 
Days] Business Day (as defined in § 1 (6)) [prior 
to the [commencement] [end]] of the relevant 
Variable Interest Period. 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
oder 
die 
Nachfolgeseite, 
die 
von 
dem 
gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen 
Page] or the successor page displayed by the 
same 
information 
provider 
or 
any 
other 
information provider nominated by the Calculation

--- Page 197 ---
197 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des Referenzzinssatzes benannt 
wird, angezeigt wird. 
Agent as the replacement information provider for 
the purposes of displaying the Reference Interest 
Rate. 
Sollte 
die 
Bildschirmseite 
nicht 
mehr 
zur 
Verfügung 
stehen, 
oder 
wird 
der 
Referenzzinssatz zu der genannten Zeit am 
relevanten 
Feststellungstag 
nicht 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt, 
wird 
die 
Berechnungsstelle von jeder der Referenzbanken 
(wie nachstehend definiert) deren jeweiligen Satz 
(jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt) 
anfordern, 
zu 
dem 
sie 
Einlagen 
in 
der 
festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die der 
Laufzeit des Referenzzinssatzes entspricht, um 
ca 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) 
am Feststellungstag anbieten. 
If the Screen Page is unavailable or if the 
Reference Interest Rate does not appear on the 
Screen Page as at such time on the relevant 
Determination Day, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
at which it offers deposits in the Specified 
Currency with a term, which corresponds with the 
term 
of 
the 
Reference 
Interest 
Rate, 
at 
approximately [insert relevant time] ([insert 
relevant 
financial 
centre] 
time) 
on 
the 
Determination Day. 
Falls zwei oder mehr Referenzbanken der 
Berechnungsstelle solche Sätze nennen, gilt als 
Referenzzinssatz für die relevante Variable 
Zinsperiode 
das 
arithmetische 
Mittel 
(falls 
erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das 
nächste [falls der Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR 
ist, einfügen: Tausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,0005 
aufgerundet wird] [falls der Referenzzinssatz 
nicht 
EURIBOR 
ist, 
einfügen: 
Hunderttausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,000005 
aufgerundet wird]) dieser Sätze, wobei alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
erfolgen. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such rates, the Reference 
Interest Rate for such Variable Interest Period 
shall be deemed to be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest [if the 
Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR insert: 
one thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.0005 
being 
rounded 
upwards] 
[if 
the 
Reference Interest Rate is not EURIBOR 
insert: one hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards]) of 
such rates, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
Für den Fall, dass der Referenzzinssatz nicht 
gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen dieses 
Absatzes 
ermittelt 
werden 
kann, 
gilt 
als 
Referenzzinssatz für die relevante Variable 
Zinsperiode der von der Berechnungsstelle 
gemäß ihrem billigen Ermessen bestimmte Satz; 
bei der Bestimmung dieses Satzes richtet sich die 
Berechnungsstelle nach der üblichen Marktpraxis. 
If the Reference Interest Rate cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Reference 
Interest Rate for the relevant Variable Interest 
Period shall be deemed to be the rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion; the Calculation Agent shall take 
general market practice into account when 
determining such rate. 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet [relevante Zahl 
einfügen] 
Großbanken 
im 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz nicht der EURIBOR ist, 
einfügen: 
[relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen]] 
Interbankenmarkt 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR ist, einfügen: der 
Euro-Zone oder im Londoner Interbankenmarkt]. 
"Reference Banks" means [insert relevant 
number] major banks in the [if the Reference 
Interest Rate is not EURIBOR insert: [insert 
relevant financial centre]] interbank market [if 
the Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR 
insert: of the Euro-zone or in the London 
interbank market].

--- Page 198 ---
198 
[Falls der Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR ist, 
einfügen: "Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet 
derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten 
der 
Europäischen 
Union, die gemäß dem Vertrag über die 
Gründung 
der 
Europäischen 
Gemeinschaft 
(unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 1957), 
geändert durch den Vertrag über die Europäische 
Union (unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 
1992), den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 
1997 und den Vertrag von Lissabon vom 
13. Dezember 2007, in seiner jeweiligen Fassung, 
die einheitliche Währung eingeführt haben oder 
jeweils eingeführt haben werden.]] 
[if the Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR 
insert: "Euro-zone" means the region comprised 
of those member states of the European Union 
that have adopted, or will have adopted from time 
to time, the single currency in accordance with 
the Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam 
Treaty of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of 
Lisbon of 13 December 2007, as further amended 
from time to time.]] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, deren 
Variabler Zinssatz an einen Referenzsatz 
gebunden ist, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes the Variable Rate of Interest 
of which is linked to a Reference Rate, insert: 
(b) Variabler Zinssatz. Der variable Zinssatz (der 
"Variable 
Zinssatz") 
für 
jede 
Variable 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist [Zahl, 
Laufzeit 
und 
relevanten 
Referenzsatz 
einfügen] per annum (der "Referenzsatz")] [im 
Fall 
einer 
Marge 
einfügen: 
[zuzüglich] 
[abzüglich] 
der 
Marge 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert)] [im Fall eines Faktors einfügen: [und] 
multipliziert mit dem Faktor [Faktor einfügen]]. 
Bei dem Referenzsatz handelt es sich um den 
Swap-Satz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per 
annum) 
für 
Swap-Transaktionen 
in 
der 
festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit von 
[relevanten Zeitraum einfügen], der auf der 
Bildschirmseite (wie nachstehend definiert) am 
Feststellungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
gegen [relevante Tageszeit einfügen] Uhr 
([relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) 
angezeigt wird, wobei alle Festlegungen durch die 
Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) angegeben) 
erfolgen. 
(b) Variable Rate of Interest. The variable rate of 
interest (the "Variable Rate of Interest") for each 
Variable Interest Period (as defined below) shall 
be 
[insert 
number, 
term 
and 
relevant 
Reference Rate] per annum (the "Reference 
Rate")] [in case of a Margin insert: [plus] 
[minus] the Margin (as defined below)] [in case 
of a Factor insert: [and] multiplied by the factor 
[insert Factor]]. Such Reference Rate shall be 
the swap rate (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for swap transactions in the Specified 
Currency with a term of [insert relevant term] 
which appears on the Screen Page (as defined 
below) as of [insert relevant time] ([insert 
relevant 
financial 
centre] 
time) 
on 
the 
Determination Day (as defined below), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (as specified 
in § 6 (1)). 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich nicht ändert einfügen: 
Die "Marge" beträgt [Satz einfügen]% per 
annum.] 
[In case of Notes which have a margin which 
does not change, insert: "Margin" means 
[insert rate] per cent. per annum.] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich ändert, einfügen: Die 
"Marge" beträgt für die Variable[n] Zinsperiode[n] 
[in case of Notes which have a margin which 
changes, insert: "Margin" means in respect of 
the Variable Interest Period[s] 
vom 
(einschließlic
h) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[zuzüglich] 
[/] 
[abzüglich] 
[Marge 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
] 
from, 
and 
including, 
to, 
but 
excluding, 
 
 
[insert date] 
[insert 
date] 
[plus] [/] 
[minus] 
[insert 
Margin] per 
cent. per 
annum 
] 
"Variable Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum 
von dem Zinssatzwechseltag (einschließlich) bis 
"Variable Interest Period" means each period 
from, and including, the Interest Rate Change

--- Page 199 ---
199 
zum 
ersten 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
bzw 
von 
jedem 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils 
darauf 
folgenden 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
Date to, but excluding, the first Variable Interest 
Payment Date and from, and including, each 
Variable Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, 
the following Variable Interest Payment Date. 
"Feststellungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[ersten] 
[zweiten] 
[andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen einfügen] Geschäftstag (wie in 
§ 1 (6) definiert) [vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der 
jeweiligen Variablen Zinsperiode. 
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] 
[insert other relevant number of Business 
Days] Business Day (as defined in § 1 (6)) [prior 
to the [commencement] [end]] of the relevant 
Variable Interest Period. 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
oder 
die 
Nachfolgeseite, 
die 
von 
dem 
gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des Referenzsatzes benannt wird, 
angezeigt wird. 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen 
Page] or the successor page displayed by the 
same 
information 
provider 
or 
any 
other 
information provider nominated by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement information provider for 
the purposes of displaying the Reference Rate. 
Sollte 
die 
Bildschirmseite 
nicht 
mehr 
zur 
Verfügung stehen, oder wird der Referenzsatz zu 
der 
genannten 
Zeit 
am 
relevanten 
Feststellungstag nicht auf der Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt, wird die Berechnungsstelle von jeder 
der Referenzbanken (wie nachstehend definiert) 
deren 
jeweiligen 
Marktmittelkurs 
für 
den 
Swapsatz (jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum 
ausgedrückt), 
um 
ca 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Ortszeit) 
am 
Feststellungstag 
anfordern. "Marktmittelkurs für den Swapsatz" 
bezeichnet das Mittel der Geld- und Briefkurse für 
den 
festverzinslichen 
Teil 
einer 
Zinsswaptransaktion 
in 
der 
festgelegten 
Währung, bei der ein fester Zinssatz gegen einen 
variablen Zinssatz getauscht wird, wobei der 
variabel verzinsliche Teil dem [Zahl, Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzsatzes einfügen] per annum entspricht, 
der auf [relevante Bildschirmseite einfügen] 
(oder der Nachfolgeseite, die von dem gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des [Zahl, Laufzeit und 
Bezeichnung des relevanten Referenzsatzes 
einfügen] benannt wird), angezeigt wird. 
If the Screen Page is unavailable or if the 
Reference Rate does not appear on the Screen 
Page 
as 
at 
such 
time 
on 
the 
relevant 
Determination Day, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
mid-market 
swap 
rate 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage rate per annum) at approximately 
[insert relevant time] ([insert relevant financial 
centre] time) on the Determination Day. "Mid-
market swap rate" means the mean of the bid 
and offered rates for the fixed leg of a fixed-for-
floating rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency where the floating leg is equivalent to 
[insert number, term and relevant Reference 
Rate] per annum, which appears on [insert 
relevant screen page] (or the successor page 
displayed by the same information provider or any 
other information provider nominated by the 
Calculation Agent as the replacement information 
provider for the purposes of displaying the [insert 
number, term and relevant Reference Rate]. 
Falls 
drei 
oder 
mehr Referenzbanken der 
Berechnungsstelle solche Sätze nennen, gilt als 
Referenzsatz 
für 
die 
relevante 
Variable 
Zinsperiode 
das 
arithmetische 
Mittel 
(falls 
erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das 
nächste 
Hunderttausendstel 
Prozent, 
wobei 
0,000005 aufgerundet wird) dieser Sätze, wobei 
der höchste Satz (oder, falls es mehrere gleich 
hohe Höchstsätze geben sollte, einer dieser 
Höchstsätze) und der niedrigste Satz (oder, falls 
es mehrere gleich niedrige Niedrigstsätze geben 
sollte, 
einer 
dieser 
Niedrigstsätze) 
unberücksichtigt bleiben, wobei alle Festlegungen 
If three or more of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such rates, the 
Reference Rate for the relevant Variable Interest 
Period shall be deemed to be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such rates 
eliminating the highest rate (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and the lowest rate 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest), all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
Für den Fall, dass der Referenzsatz nicht gemäß 
den 
vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
Absatzes 
ermittelt 
werden 
kann, 
gilt 
als 
Referenzsatz für die relevante Zinsperiode der 
von der Berechnungsstelle gemäß ihrem billigen 
Ermessen bestimmte Satz; bei der Bestimmung 
dieses Satzes richtet sich die Berechnungsstelle 
nach der üblichen Marktpraxis.] 
If the Reference Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Reference Rate for the relevant 
Variable Interest Period shall be deemed to be 
the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion; the Calculation Agent shall 
take general market practice into account when 
determining such rate.]  
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet [relevante Zahl 
einfügen] 
Großbanken 
im 
[falls 
der 
Referenzsatz kein Euro-Swapsatz ist einfügen: 
[relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen]] 
Interbankenmarkt [falls der Referenzsatz ein 
Euro-Swapsatz ist, einfügen: der Euro-Zone 
oder im Londoner Interbankenmarkt]. 
"Reference Banks" means [insert relevant 
number] major banks in the [if the Reference 
Rate is not a Euro swap rate insert: [insert 
relevant financial centre]] interbank market [if 
the Reference Rate is a Euro swap rate insert: 
of the Euro-zone or in the London interbank 
market].  
[Falls der Referenzsatz ein Euro-Swapsatz ist, 
einfügen: "Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet 
derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten 
der 
Europäischen 
Union, die gemäß dem Vertrag über die 
Gründung 
der 
Europäischen 
Gemeinschaft 
(unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 1957), 
geändert durch den Vertrag über die Europäische 
Union (unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 
1992), den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 
1997 und den Vertrag von Lissabon vom 
13. Dezember 2007, in seiner jeweiligen Fassung, 
die einheitliche Währung eingeführt haben oder 
jeweils eingeführt haben werden.]] 
[If the Reference Rate is a Euro swap rate 
insert: "Euro-zone" means the region comprised 
of those member states of the European Union 
that have adopted, or will have adopted from time 
to time, the single currency in accordance with 
the Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam 
Treaty of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of 
Lisbon of 13 December 2007, as further amended 
from time to time.]] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit einem 
inflationsabhängigen Zinssatz einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with an inflation linked 
interest rate insert: 
(b) Variabler Zinssatz. Der variable Zinssatz (der 
"Variable 
Zinssatz") 
für 
jede 
Variable 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist wird 
als Zinssatz in Prozent per annum ("Ian(t)") 
ausgedrückt und von der Berechnungsstelle 
gemäß folgender Formel bestimmt: 
(b) Variable Rate of Interest. The variable rate of 
interest (the "Variable Rate of Interest") for each 
Variable Interest Period (as defined below) shall 
be expressed as a rate in per cent per annum 
("Ian(t)") and calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Ian(t) = [ Min{ ] [ Max{ ] ((HVPI(t) – HVPI(t-1)) / 
HVPI(t-1)) [*100] [* Faktor] [+] [-] [Zuschlag] 
[Abschlag] [; Wert } ] [+] [-] [Marge] 
Ian(t) = [ Min{ ] [ Max{ ] (HICP(t) – HICP(t-1)) / 
HICP(t-1) [*100] [* Factor] [+] [-] [Surcharge] 
[Reduction] [;Value } ] [+] [-] [Margin] 
"HVPI(t)" bezeichnet den Stand des HVPI, wie er 
in Bezug auf [Bezugszeitraum (t) einfügen] 
veröffentlicht wird. 
"HICP(t)" means the level of the HICP that is 
published by reference to the [insert reference 
period(t)]. 
"HVPI(t-1)" bezeichnet den Stand des HVPI, der 
in Bezug auf [Bezugszeitraum (t-1) einfügen] 
veröffentlicht wird. 
"HICP(t-1)" means the level of the HICP that is 
published by reference to the [insert reference 
period(t-1)]. 
["Abschlag" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] 
[Anzahl von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit 
[Höhe des Abschlags einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Reduction" means a defined [number] [number 
of percentage points] and has been determined 
as [Insert amount of reduction].] 
["Zuschlag" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] 
[Anzahl von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit 
[Höhe des Zuschlags einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Surcharge" means a defined [number] [number 
of percentage points] and has been determined 
as [Insert amount of surcharge].] 
["Wert" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] [Anzahl 
von Prozentpunkten], die für einen Zinssatz steht, 
und wurde mit [Höhe des Wertes einfügen] 
["Value" means a defined [number] [number of 
percentage points] which stands for a percentage 
rate, and has been determined as [Insert

--- Page 201 ---
201 
festgelegt.] 
amount of value].] 
["Faktor" 
bedeutet 
eine 
definierte 
Zahl 
(Multiplikator des Inflationszinssatzes) und wurde 
mit [Höhe des Faktors einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Factor" means a defined number (a multiplier of 
the Inflation Rate) and has been determined as 
[Insert amount of factor].] 
["Marge" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] [Anzahl 
von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit [Höhe der 
Marge einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Margin" means a defined [number] [number of 
percentage points] and has been determined as 
[Insert amount of factor].] 
"HVPI" 
oder 
"Index" 
ist 
der 
unrevidierte 
Harmonisierte 
Verbraucherpreisindex 
(ohne 
Tabak) für die Euro-Zone (wie nachstehend 
definiert), der monatlich vom Statistischen Amt 
der Europäischen Gemeinschaft (nachfolgend 
"EUROSTAT" oder "Indexsponsor" genannt) 
berechnet 
wird, 
und 
welcher 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
am 
Feststellungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) veröffentlicht wird. 
"HICP" or "Index" is the unrevised Harmonised 
Index of Consumer Prices (excluding Tobacco) 
for the Euro-Zone (as defined below), which is 
calculated on a monthly basis by the statistical 
office of the European Union (the "EUROSTAT" 
or the "Index Sponsor") and published on the 
Screen Page on the Determination Day (as 
defined below). 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
oder 
die 
Nachfolgeseite, 
die 
von 
dem 
gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des Index benannt wird, angezeigt 
wird. 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen 
Page] or the successor page displayed by the 
same 
information 
provider 
or 
any 
other 
information provider nominated by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement information provider for 
the purposes of displaying the Index. 
Falls die Bildschirmseite nicht länger existiert und 
keine offizielle Nachfolgeseite bekannt gegeben 
wird, wird die Berechnungsstelle eine alternative 
Referenz für den Index festlegen. 
If the Screen Page ceases to exist and no official 
successor page is announced, the Calculation 
Agent will determine other reference with respect 
to the Index. 
Im Fall einer Änderung eines veröffentlichten 
Indexstandes, der nach mehr als 24 Stunden 
nach der ersten Veröffentlichung erfolgt, soll in 
jedem 
Fall 
der 
zunächst 
ursprünglich 
veröffentlichte 
Indexstand 
zur 
Berechnung 
maßgeblich sein. 
In case of any amendment of the published index 
level 24 hours after the first publication, the index 
level published first shall, in any case, be 
applicable to the calculation. 
Wird der Index nicht mehr vom Indexsponsor, 
sondern von einer anderen Person, Gesellschaft 
oder Institution, die die Berechnungsstelle für 
geeignet 
hält 
(der 
"Nachfolgesponsor") 
berechnet 
und 
veröffentlicht, 
so 
wird 
der 
anwendbare Zinssatz auf der Grundlage des vom 
Nachfolgesponsor 
berechneten 
und 
veröffentlichten 
Index 
berechnet. 
Jede 
hier 
enthaltene Bezugnahme auf den Indexsponsor 
gilt, sofern es der Zusammenhang erlaubt, als 
Bezugnahme auf den Nachfolgesponsor. 
If the Index is not calculated and published by the 
Index Sponsor any more but by another person, 
corporation or institution, which the Calculation 
Agent 
considers 
suitable 
(the 
"Successor 
Sponsor"), the applicable Rate of Interest shall 
be calculated on the basis of the Index calculated 
and published by the Successor Sponsor. Any 
reference to Index Sponsor contained herein, 
shall, in this context, be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Sponsor. 
Wird der Index zu irgendeiner Zeit aufgehoben 
und/oder durch einen anderen Index ersetzt, legt 
die Berechnungsstelle nach billigem Ermessen 
fest, welcher Index künftig für die Berechnung des 
anwendbaren Zinssatzes zugrunde zu legen ist 
(der "Nachfolgeindex"). Der Nachfolgeindex 
sowie 
der 
Zeitpunkt 
seiner 
erstmaligen 
Anwendung werden so bald wie möglich jedoch 
keinesfalls später als am Zinsenfestlegungstag 
bekannt 
gemacht. 
Jede 
hier 
enthaltene 
Bezugnahme auf den Index gilt, sofern es der 
Zusammenhang erlaubt, als Bezugnahme auf den 
If at any time the Index is cancelled and/or 
replaced by any other index, the Calculation 
Agent 
shall, 
at 
its 
reasonable 
discretion, 
determine 
the 
Index 
which 
the 
following 
calculation of the applicable Rate of Interest will 
be based on (the "Successor Index"). The 
Successor Index and the time of its first 
application will be announced as soon as possible 
but not later than on the Determination Date. Any 
reference to the Index contained herein, shall, in 
this context, be deemed to refer to the Successor 
Index.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
Nachfolgeindex. 
Ist nach Ansicht der Berechnungsstelle: (i) die 
Festlegung eines Nachfolgeindex aus welchen 
Gründen 
auch 
immer 
nicht 
möglich; 
oder 
(ii) nimmt der Indexsponsor eine wesentliche 
Veränderung 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Berechnungsmethode zur Bestimmung des Index 
vor oder verändert der Indexsponsor den Index 
auf irgendeine andere Weise wesentlich, wird die 
Berechnungsstelle 
die 
Weiterrechnung 
und 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Indexstandes 
unter 
Berücksichtigung des Grundsatzes von Treu und 
Glauben und in wirtschaftlich vernünftiger Art und 
Weise durchführen. 
If according to the Calculation Agent’s opinion: 
(i) the determination of the Successor Index is, for 
whatever reason, not possible; or (ii) the Index 
Sponsor significantly changes the method of 
calculating the Index or the Index Sponsor 
significantly changes the Index in any other way, 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
shall 
make 
further 
calculations and publications of the index level 
acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
"Euro Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen Union, die 
gemäß dem Vertrag über die Gründung der 
Europäischen Gemeinschaft (unterzeichnet in 
Rom am 25. März 1957), geändert durch den 
Vertrag 
über 
die 
Europäische 
Union 
(unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 1992) 
und dem Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 
1997, 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, 
eine 
einheitliche Währung eingeführt haben oder 
jeweils eingeführt haben werden. 
"Euro-Zone" means the area of the member 
states of the European Union which have adopted 
or will adopt a single currency pursuant to the 
Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed on 25 March 1957 in Rome), as amended 
by the Treaty on the European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992) and pursuant to 
the Amsterdam Treaty of 2 October 1997, as 
amended from time to time. 
"Variable Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum 
von dem Zinssatzwechseltag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
ersten 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
bzw 
von 
jedem 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils 
darauf 
folgenden 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
"Variable Interest Period" means each period 
from, and including, the Interest Rate Change 
Date to, but excluding, the first Variable Interest 
Payment Date and from, and including, each 
Variable Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, 
the following Variable Interest Payment Date. 
"Feststellungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[ersten] 
[zweiten] 
[andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen einfügen] Geschäftstag (wie in 
§ 1 (6) definiert) [vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der 
jeweiligen Variablen Zinsperiode.] 
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] 
[insert other relevant number of Business 
Days] Business Day (as defined in § 1 (6)) [prior 
to the [commencement] [end]] of the relevant 
Variable Interest Period.] 
[Ende 
der 
Bestimmungen 
für 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
einem 
inflationsabhängigen Zinssatz] 
[End of provisions for Notes with an inflation 
linked interest rate] 
[Falls 
ein 
Mindest- 
und/oder 
ein 
Höchstzinssatz für den Variablen Zinssatz gilt, 
einfügen: 
[If a Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of 
Interest for the Variable Rate of Interest 
applies, insert: 
(c) [Mindest-] [und] [Höchst-] [und] [Memory-] 
Zinssatz. 
(c) [Minimum] [and] [Maximum] [and] [Memory] 
Rate of Interest. 
[Falls ein Mindestzinssatz gilt, einfügen: 
Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für 
eine Variable Zinsperiode ermittelte Variable 
Zinssatz niedriger ist 
als 
[Mindestzinssatz 
einfügen]% per annum, so ist der Variable 
Zinssatz 
für 
diese 
Variable 
Zinsperiode 
[Mindestzinssatz 
einfügen]% 
per 
annum.] 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibung eine Memory 
Floater-Zinsstruktur aufweist, einfügen: Wenn 
der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Variable 
Zinsperiode 
(die 
"maßgebliche 
Zinsperiode") 
ermittelte 
Variable 
Zinssatz 
[If Minimum Rate of Interest applies, insert: 
If the Variable Rate of Interest in respect of any 
Variable 
Interest 
Period 
determined 
in 
accordance with the above provisions is less than 
[insert Minimum Rate of Interest] per cent. per 
annum, the Variable Rate of Interest for such 
Variable 
Interest 
Period 
shall 
be 
[insert 
Minimum Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum.] 
[In case the Notes have a Memory Floater 
interest structure, insert: If the Variable Rate of 
Interest in respect of any Variable Interest Period 
(the "relevant Interest Period") determined in

--- Page 203 ---
203 
niedriger ist als der Variable Zinssatz der 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden 
Variablen 
Zinsperiode, so ist der Variable Zinssatz für die 
maßgebliche Variable Zinsperiode der Variable 
Zinssatz 
der 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden 
Variablen Zinsperiode ("Memory Floater").] 
accordance with the above provisions is less than 
the Variable Rate of Interest of the immediately 
preceding Variable Interest Period, the Variable 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Variable Interest 
Period shall be the Variable Rate of Interest of the 
immediately preceding Variable Interest Period 
("Memory Floater").] 
[Falls 
mehrere 
Mindestzinssätze 
gelten, 
einfügen: 
Wenn 
der 
gemäß 
den 
obigen 
Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz niedriger ist als der für die maßgebliche 
Zinsperiode in nachstehender Tabelle angeführte 
Mindestzinssatz (der "Mindestzinssatz") in % per 
annum, so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
dieser Mindestzinssatz.  
[If more than one Minimum Rate of Interest 
applies, insert: If the Rate of Interest in respect 
of any Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the above provisions is less than the 
minimum rate of interest as indicated in the below 
table in per cent. per annum, (the "Minimum Rate 
of Interest") the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be the Minimum Rate of Interest. 
vom 
(einschließli
ch) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
Mindest-
zinssatz 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
(einschließ-
lich 
des 
Fälligkeits-
tags 
und 
des 
Erweiterten 
Fälligkeits-
tags 
(falls 
anwendbar)
) einfügen] 
[Mindest-
zinssatz 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
from, and 
including, 
to, but 
excluding, 
Minimum 
Rate of 
[insert date] 
[insert date 
(including 
the Maturity 
Date 
and 
the 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date 
(if 
applicable))
] 
[insert 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest] per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
 
[Falls ein Höchstzinssatz gilt, einfügen: 
Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für 
eine Variable Zinsperiode ermittelte Variable 
Zinssatz 
höher 
ist 
als 
[Höchstzinssatz 
einfügen]% per annum, so ist der Variable 
Zinssatz 
für 
diese 
Variable 
Zinsperiode 
[Höchstzinssatz einfügen]% per annum.]] 
[If Maximum Rate of Interest applies insert: 
If the Variable Rate of Interest in respect of any 
Variable 
Interest 
Period 
determined 
in 
accordance with the above provisions is greater 
than [insert Maximum Rate of Interest] per 
cent. per annum, the Variable Rate of Interest for 
such Variable Interest Period shall be [insert 
Maximum Rate of Interest] per cent. per 
annum.]] 
([d]) Berechnung des Variablen Zinsbetrags. Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
wird 
den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden variablen 
Zinsbetrag 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
festgelegte 
Stückelung für die relevante Variable Zinsperiode 
(der "Variable Zinsbetrag") berechnen. Der 
Variable Zinsbetrag wird berechnet, indem der 
Variable Zinssatz auf die festgelegte Stückelung 
angewendet 
wird, 
dieser 
Betrag 
mit 
dem 
Variablen Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend 
definiert) 
multipliziert 
und 
der 
hieraus 
resultierende Betrag auf die nächste Untereinheit 
der festgelegten Währung gerundet wird, wobei 
eine halbe Untereinheit aufgerundet wird oder die 
Rundung ansonsten gemäß der anwendbaren 
Marktkonvention 
erfolgt. 
Im 
Falle 
einer 
Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Variablen 
Zinsperiode kann der auf diese Weise berechnete 
Variable 
Zinsbetrag 
ohne 
Vorankündigung 
nachträglich angepasst (oder andere geeignete 
([d]) Calculation of Variable Amount of Interest. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of 
interest payable under the Notes in respect of the 
Specified Denomination for the relevant Variable 
Interest Period (the "Variable Amount of 
Interest"). The Variable Amount of Interest shall 
be calculated by applying the Variable Rate of 
Interest 
to 
the 
Specified 
Denomination, 
multiplying such sum by the applicable Variable 
Day Count Fraction (as defined below) and 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-
unit of the relevant Specified Currency, with half 
of such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Each Variable Amount of Interest so 
calculated may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Variable Interest 
Period.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. 
([e]) Mitteilungen des Variablen Zinssatzes. Die 
Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass die 
Variable Zinsperiode und der Variable Zinssatz 
für die relevante Variable Zinsperiode der 
Emittentin, 
jeder 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt 
notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an 
die Börse verlangen, und den Gläubigern gemäß 
§ 10 
baldmöglichst 
nach 
ihrer 
Bestimmung 
mitgeteilt werden. 
([e]) Notification of Variable Rate of Interest. The 
Calculation Agent will cause the Variable Interest 
Period and the Variable Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Variable Interest Period to be notified to 
the Issuer, any stock exchange on which the 
Notes are from time to time listed (if required by 
the rules of such stock exchange) and to the 
Holders in accordance with § 10 as soon as 
possible after their determination. 
([f]) Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Festsetzungen. 
Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und 
Entscheidungen, die von der Berechnungsstelle 
für die Zwecke dieses § 3 gemacht, abgegeben, 
getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern 
keine vorsätzliche Pflichtverletzung, kein böser 
Glaube und kein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) 
für die Emittentin, die Emissionsstelle, den 
Zahlstellen und die Gläubiger bindend, und, 
sofern 
keiner 
der 
vorstehend 
genannten 
Umstände vorliegt, haftet die Berechnungsstelle 
nicht 
gegenüber 
der 
Emittentin, 
der 
Emissionsstelle, 
den 
Zahlstellen 
oder 
den 
Gläubigern im Zusammenhang mit der Ausübung 
oder Nichtausübung ihrer Rechte und Pflichten 
und 
ihres 
Ermessens 
gemäß 
solchen 
Bestimmungen. 
([f]) Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
the provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation Agent 
shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders 
and, in the absence of the aforesaid, no liability to 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents or 
the Holders shall attach to the Calculation Agent 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by 
it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to 
such provisions. 
([g]) Variabler 
Zinstagequotient. 
"Variabler 
Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die 
Berechnung 
eines 
Zinsbetrags 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Variable 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
([g]) Variable Day Count Fraction. "Variable Day 
Count Fraction" means, in respect of the 
calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (the "Variable Calculation 
Period"): 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ICMA) anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
[In case Actual/Actual (ICMA) applies, insert: 
1. 
falls der Variable Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
kürzer 
ist 
als 
die 
Variable 
Feststellungsperiode, in die das Ende des 
Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, 
oder 
falls 
der 
Variable 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
der 
Variablen 
Feststellungsperiode entspricht, die Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage 
in 
dem 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch das 
Produkt 
aus 
(x) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage 
in 
der 
Variablen 
Feststellungsperiode und (y) der Anzahl 
der Variablen Feststellungstermine (wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben) 
in 
einem 
Kalenderjahr; oder  
1. 
if the Variable Calculation Period is equal to 
or shorter than the Variable Determination 
Period during which the Variable Calculation 
Period ends, the number of calendar days in 
such Variable Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of calendar 
days in such Variable Determination Period 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Variable 
Determination Dates (as specified below) 
that would occur in one calendar year; or 
2. 
falls der Variable Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
länger 
ist 
als 
die 
Variable 
Feststellungsperiode, in die das Ende des 
Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, 
die Summe aus  
2. 
if the Variable Calculation Period is longer 
than the Variable Determination Period 
during which the Variable Calculation Period 
ends, the sum of  
(A) 
der Anzahl der Kalendertage in dem 
(A) the number of calendar days in such

--- Page 205 ---
205 
Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
die 
in 
die 
Variable 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, 
in 
welcher 
der 
Variable 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
beginnt, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus: (x) der 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in der 
Variablen Feststellungsperiode: und 
(y) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Variablen 
Feststellungstermine 
in 
einem 
Kalenderjahr; und 
Variable Calculation Period falling in 
the Variable Determination Period in 
which the Variable Calculation Period 
begins divided by the product of: 
(x) the number of calendar days in 
such Variable Determination Period; 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Variable 
Determination Dates that would occur 
in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
der Anzahl der Kalendertage in dem 
Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
die 
in 
die 
nächste 
Variable 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, geteilt 
durch das Produkt aus (x) der Anzahl 
der Kalendertage in dieser Variablen 
Feststellungsperiode 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Variablen 
Feststellungstermine 
in 
einem 
Kalenderjahr. 
(B) the number of calendar days in such 
Variable Calculation Period falling in 
the 
next 
Variable 
Determination 
Period divided by the product of 
(x) the number of calendar days in 
such Variable Determination Period 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Variable 
Determination Dates that would occur 
in one calendar year. 
"Variable Feststellungsperiode" ist der Zeitraum 
von 
einem 
Variablen 
Feststellungstermin 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächsten Variablen 
Feststellungstermin (ausschließlich); dies schließt 
dann, wenn der Variable Verzinsungsbeginn kein 
Variabler Feststellungstermin ist, den Zeitraum 
ein, 
der 
an 
dem 
ersten 
Variablen 
Feststellungstermin 
vor 
dem 
Variablen 
Verzinsungsbeginn anfängt, und dann, wenn der 
letzte Variable Zinszahlungstag kein Variabler 
Feststellungstermin ist, den Zeitraum ein, der an 
dem ersten Variablen Feststellungstermin nach 
dem letzten Variablen Zinszahlungstag endet. 
"Variable Determination Period" means the 
period 
from, 
and 
including, 
a 
Variable 
Determination Date to, but excluding, the next 
Variable Determination Date (including, where the 
Variable Interest Commencement Date is not a 
Variable 
Determination 
Date, 
the 
period 
commencing on the first Variable Determination 
Date 
prior 
to 
the 
Variable 
Interest 
Commencement Date, and where the final 
Variable Interest Payment Date is not a Variable 
Determination 
Date, 
the 
first 
Variable 
Determination Date falling after the final Variable 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be). 
Die Anzahl der Variablen Feststellungstermine im 
Kalenderjahr 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Variabler 
Feststellungstermin") 
beträgt 
[Anzahl 
der 
regulären 
variablen 
Zinszahlungstage 
im 
Kalenderjahr einfügen].] 
The number of variable determination dates per 
calendar year (each a "Variable Determination 
Date") is [insert number of regular variable 
interest payment dates per calendar year].] 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ISDA) anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 
(oder, 
falls 
ein 
Teil 
des 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, 
die Summe aus: (x) der tatsächlichen Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
in 
dem 
Teil 
des 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die in das Schaltjahr 
fallen, dividiert durch 366; und (y) die tatsächliche 
Anzahl von Kalendertagen in dem Teil des 
Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die nicht in 
ein Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 365).] 
[In case Actual/Actual (ISDA) applies, insert: 
the actual number of calendar days in the 
Variable Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if 
any 
calculation 
portion 
of 
that 
Variable 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of: 
(x) the actual number of calendar days in that 
portion of the Variable Calculation Period falling in 
a leap year divided by 366; and (y) the actual 
number of calendar days in that portion of the 
Variable Calculation Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365).] 
[Falls 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
[In case Actual/365 (Fixed) applies, insert: the 
actual number of calendar days in the Variable 
Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
[Falls Actual/360 anwendbar ist, einfügen: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
[In case Actual/360 applies, insert: the actual 
number of calendar days in the Variable

--- Page 206 ---
206 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert 
durch 360.] 
Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
[Falls 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, 
wobei die Anzahl der Kalendertage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Kalendertagen 
mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Kalendertagen zu 
ermitteln 
ist 
(es 
sei 
denn: 
(x) der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
fällt 
auf 
den 
31. Kalendertag eines Monats, während der erste 
Kalendertag 
des 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 30. 
noch auf den 31. Kalendertag eines Monats fällt, 
wobei in diesem Fall der den letzten Kalendertag 
enthaltende 
Monat 
nicht 
als 
ein 
auf 
30 Kalendertage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln 
ist, oder (y) der letzte Kalendertag des Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten 
Kalendertag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln ist).] 
[In case 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
applies, insert: the number of calendar days in 
the Variable Calculation Period divided by 360, 
the number of calendar days to be calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 calendar days with 
twelve 30-calendar day months (unless: (x) the 
last calendar day of the Variable Calculation 
Period is the 31st calendar day of a month but the 
first calendar day of the Variable Calculation 
Period is a calendar day other than the 30th or 
31st calendar day of a month, in which case the 
month that includes that last calendar day shall 
not be considered to be shortened to a 30-
calendar day month, or (y) the last calendar day 
of the Variable Calculation Period is the last 
calendar day of the month of February in which 
case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-calendar day 
month).] 
[Falls 
30E/360 
oder 
Eurobond 
Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360 
(wobei die Anzahl der Kalendertage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Kalendertagen 
mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Kalendertagen zu 
ermitteln ist, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des 
Datums des ersten oder letzten Kalendertages 
des Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei 
denn, der Fälligkeitstag ist, im Fall des letzten 
Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraums, der letzte 
Kalendertag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln ist).] 
[In case 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis applies, 
insert: the number of calendar days in the 
Variable Calculation Period divided by 360 (the 
number of calendar days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 calendar days with twelve 
30-calendar day months, without regard to the 
date of the first calendar day or last calendar day 
of the Variable Calculation Period unless, in the 
case of the final Variable Calculation Period, the 
Maturity Date is the last calendar day of the 
month of February, in which case the month of 
February 
shall 
not 
be 
considered 
to 
be 
lengthened to a 30-calendar day month).] 
([3]) Verzugszinsen. 
Der 
Zinslauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Ablauf des 
Kalendertages, der dem Kalendertag vorangeht, 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin 
die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht 
einlöst, wird der ausstehende Gesamtnennbetrag 
der Schuldverschreibungen vom Kalendertag der 
Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Kalendertag der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) weiterhin 
in Höhe des jeweils vorgesehenen Zinssatzes 
verzinst. Weitergehende Ansprüche der Gläubiger 
bleiben unberührt.] 
([3]) Default Interest. The Notes shall cease to 
bear interest from the expiry of the calendar day 
preceding the due date for redemption. If the 
Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, 
interest 
shall 
continue 
to 
accrue 
on 
the 
outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes from, and including, the due date for 
redemption to, but excluding, the date of actual 
redemption of the Notes at the respective rate of 
interest specified. This does not affect any 
additional rights that might be available to the 
Holders.] 
[Bei 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
Referenz[zins]satz, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a Reference [Interest] 
Rate, insert: 
([4]) Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz. Im Fall eines 
Benchmark-Ereignisses 
(wie 
nachstehend 
([4]) Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate. In the 
event of a Benchmark Event: (i) the Issuer shall

--- Page 207 ---
207 
definiert): (i) bemüht sich die Emittentin im 
angemessenen Umfang einen Unabhängigen 
Berater zu ernennen, um im billigen Ermessen 
des Unabhängigen Beraters (in Abstimmung mit 
der Berechnungsstelle und in gutem Glauben und 
auf 
eine 
wirtschaftlich 
vernünftige 
Weise 
handelnd (das "Ersetzungsziel")) einen Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz zu bestimmen, der an die 
Stelle des vom Benchmark-Ereignis betroffenen 
ursprünglichen Referenz[zins]satzes tritt; oder 
(ii) falls der Unabhängige Berater von der 
Emittentin 
nicht 
ernannt 
wird 
oder 
nicht 
zeitgerecht ernannt werden kann oder falls ein 
Unabhängiger Berater von der Emittentin ernannt 
wird, 
aber 
dieser 
keinen 
Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz bestimmt, dann kann die 
Emittentin 
(unter 
Berücksichtigung 
des 
Ersetzungsziels) bestimmen, welcher Satz (falls 
überhaupt) 
den 
vom 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
betroffenen 
ursprünglichen 
Referenz[zins]satz 
ersetzt hat. Ein Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz gilt ab 
dem vom Unabhängigen Berater oder von der 
Emittentin (je nachdem) im billigen Ermessen 
bestimmten 
Feststellungstag 
(einschließlich), 
frühestens jedoch ab dem Feststellungstag, der 
mit dem Benchmark-Ereignis zusammenfällt oder 
auf dieses folgt, erstmals mit Wirkung für die 
Zinsperiode, für die an diesem Feststellungstag 
der Zinssatz festgelegt wird. Der "Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz" ist ein Satz (ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz per annum), der sich aus einem vom 
Unabhängigen Berater oder von der Emittentin (je 
nachdem) im billigen Ermessen festgelegten 
Alternativ-Referenz[zins]satz 
(der 
"Alternativ-
Referenz[zins]satz"), der von einem Dritten 
bereitgestellt wird und der alle anwendbaren 
rechtlichen Voraussetzungen erfüllt, um ihn zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen zu verwenden, mit 
den vom Unabhängigen Berater oder von der 
Emittentin (je nachdem) im billigen Ermessen 
gegebenenfalls bestimmten Anpassungen, die in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
einer 
Allgemein 
Akzeptierten 
Marktpraxis, 
einem 
Amtlichen 
Ersetzungskonzept oder einer Branchenlösung 
gegebenenfalls empfohlen werden, (zB in Form 
von Auf- oder Abschlägen) ergibt. 
use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent 
Advisor 
to 
determine 
in 
the 
Independent Advisor's reasonable discretion (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent and acting 
in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner 
(the 
"Substitution 
Objective")) 
a 
Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate which shall 
replace the original Reference [Interest] Rate 
affected by the Benchmark Event; or (ii) if no 
Independent Advisor is or can be timely 
appointed by the Issuer or if an Independent 
Advisor is appointed by the Issuer, but fails to 
determine a Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate, 
then the Issuer (in consideration of the Substitute 
Objective) may determine which (if any) rate has 
replaced the original Reference [Interest] Rate 
affected by the Benchmark Event. Any Substitute 
Reference [Interest] Rate shall apply from (and 
including) the Determination Day determined by 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) in its due discretion, which shall be 
no earlier than the Determination Day falling on or 
immediately following the date of the Benchmark 
Event, with first effect for the Interest Period for 
which the Rate of Interest is determined on such 
Determination Day. The "Substitute Reference 
[Interest] Rate" shall be a rate (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) which corresponds to 
an alternative reference [interest] rate (the 
"Alternative 
Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate") 
provided by a third party and meeting any 
applicable legal requirements for being used for 
determining the payment obligations under the 
Notes determined by the Independent Advisor or 
the Issuer (as the case may be) in its due 
discretion, 
as 
modified 
by 
applying 
the 
adjustments, which in accordance with the 
Generally Accepted Market Practice, an Official 
Substitution Concept or an Industry Solution (if 
any) are recommended, (e.g. in the form of 
premiums or discounts), if any, that may be 
determined by the Independent Advisor or the 
Issuer (as the case may be) in its due discretion. 
Unbeschadet 
der 
Allgemeingültigkeit 
des 
Vorstehenden wird der Unabhängige Berater oder 
die Emittentin (je nachdem) insbesondere, aber 
ohne 
Beschränkung, 
ein 
Amtliches 
Ersetzungskonzept, eine Branchenlösung oder 
eine 
Allgemein 
Akzeptierte 
Marktpraxis 
berücksichtigen. 
Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be)  shall in particular, but without 
limitation take into consideration an Official 
Substitution Concept, an Industry Solution or a 
Generally Accepted Market Practice. 
Bestimmt der Unabhängige Berater oder die 
Emittentin 
(je 
nachdem) 
einen 
Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz, 
so 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt,  nach billigem Ermessen diejenigen 
Änderungen 
in 
den 
verfahrensmäßigen  
Festlegungen in Bezug auf die Bestimmung des 
aktuellen 
Ersatz- 
Referenz[zins]satzes 
(zB 
If the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) determines a Substitute Reference 
[Interest] Rate, it shall also be entitled to make, in 
its due discretion, any such adjustments to the 
procedural 
determinations 
relating 
to 
the 
determination of the current Substitute Reference 
[Interest] Rate (e.g. the determination day, the

--- Page 208 ---
208 
Feststellungstag, 
maßgebliche 
Uhrzeit, 
maßgebliche Bildschirmseite für den Bezug des 
Alternativ-Referenz[zins]satzes 
sowie 
Ausfallbestimmungen 
für 
den 
Fall 
der 
Nichtverfügbarkeit 
der 
maßgeblichen 
Bildschirmseite) und diejenigen Anpassungen an 
die Definition von "Geschäftstag" in § 1 (6) und 
die Bestimmungen zur Geschäftstagekonvention 
in § 4 (3) vorzunehmen, die in Übereinstimmung 
mit der Allgemein Akzeptierten Marktpraxis, dem 
Amtlichen 
Ersetzungskonzept 
oder 
der 
Branchenlösung erforderlich oder zweckmäßig 
sind, um die Ersetzung des Referenz[zins]satzes 
durch den Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz praktisch 
durchführbar zu machen. 
relevant time, the relevant screen page for 
obtaining the Alternative Reference [Interest] 
Rate and the fallback provisions in the event that 
the relevant screen page is not available) and to 
make such adjustments to the definition of 
"Business Day" in § 1 (6) and the business day 
convention 
provisions 
in 
§ 4 (3) 
which 
in 
accordance with the Generally Accepted Market 
Practice, the Official Substitution Concept or the 
Industry Solution are necessary or expedient to 
make the substitution of the Reference [Interest] 
Rate by the Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate 
operative. 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" bezeichnet: 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) den 
Fall, 
dass 
die 
regelmäßige 
Veröffentlichung des Referenz[zins]satzes (oder 
maßgeblicher Bestandteile davon) eingestellt wird 
oder der Referenz[zins]satz (oder maßgebliche 
Bestandteile davon) ganz wegfällt; oder 
(a) the case that the Reference [Interest] Rate (or 
any component part thereof) ceases to be 
published on a regular basis or ceases to exist; or 
(b) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
des 
Administrators des Referenz[zins]satzes oder der 
für den Administrator des Referenz[zins]satzes 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
dass 
(i) 
die 
Ermittlung, Bereitstellung oder Bekanntgabe des 
Referenz[zins]satzes 
dauerhaft 
oder 
auf 
unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt worden ist oder 
eingestellt werden wird, ohne dass ein Nachfolge-
Administrator 
existiert, 
oder 
(ii) 
der 
Referenz[zins]satz 
aus 
sonstigen 
Gründen 
dauerhaft und endgültigen wegfällt; oder 
(b) a public statement by the administrator or the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate, 
that 
(i) 
the 
determination, 
provision 
or 
publication 
of 
the 
Reference 
[Interest] Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued in circumstances where 
no successor administrator exists, or (ii) the 
Reference [Interest] Rate permanently or finally 
ceases to exist for other reasons; or 
(c) eine wesentliche Änderung der Methode zur 
Ermittlung 
oder 
Berechnung 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes im Vergleich zu derjenigen 
Methode, 
die 
bei 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zur Anwendung kam, 
oder 
eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
des 
Administrators des Referenz[zins]satzes oder der 
für den Administrator des  Referenz[zins]satzes 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
dass 
eine 
wesentliche Änderung der Methode zur Ermittlung 
oder Berechnung des Referenz[zins]satzes im 
Vergleich 
zu 
derjenigen 
Methode, 
die 
bei 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
Anwendung kam, eingetreten ist oder eintreten 
wird, was dazu führt oder führen wird, dass der 
gemäß 
der 
neuen 
Methode 
berechnete 
Referenz[zins]satz 
nicht 
mehr 
den 
Referenz[zins]satz 
repräsentiert 
oder 
repräsentieren 
wird 
oder 
zu 
repräsentieren 
geeignet ist oder geeignet sein wird oder aus 
sonstigen 
Gründen 
seinem 
wirtschaftlichen 
Gehalt 
nach 
nicht 
mehr 
mit 
dem 
Referenz[zins]satz vergleichbar ist, der mit der 
bei Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen zur 
Anwendung gekommenen Methode ermittelt oder 
berechnet wurde; oder 
(c) a material change in the methodology of 
determining 
or 
calculating 
the 
Reference 
[Interest] Rate as compared to the methodology 
used at the time of the issuance of the Notes, or a 
public statement by the administrator of the 
Reference [Interest] Rate or by the supervisor of 
the administrator of the Reference [Interest] Rate 
that a material change in the methodology of 
determining 
or 
calculating 
the 
Reference 
[Interest] Rate as compared to the methodology 
used at the time of the issuance of the Notes, has 
occurred or will occur which results or will result in 
the Reference [Interest] Rate, calculated in 
accordance with the new methodology, no longer 
representing, 
or 
being 
apt 
to 
represent 
adequately, the Reference [Interest] Rate or in 
terms of economic substance no longer being 
comparable to the Reference [Interest] Rate 
determined or calculated in accordance with the 
methodology used at the time of the issuance of 
the Notes; or 
(d) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung durch die für 
(d) a public statement is made by the supervisor

--- Page 209 ---
209 
den 
Administrator 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes 
zuständige 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
dass 
der 
Referenz[zins]satz für den zugrundeliegenden 
Markt oder die wirtschaftliche Realität dauerhaft 
und unabänderlich nicht mehr repräsentativ ist; 
oder 
of the administrator of the Reference [Interest] 
Rate that the Reference [Interest] Rate is no 
longer representative of an underlying market or 
economic 
reality 
on 
a 
permanent 
and 
irremediable basis; or 
(e) die Anwendbarkeit eines Gesetzes oder einer 
sonstigen 
Rechtsvorschrift 
oder 
einer 
behördlichen 
oder 
gerichtlichen 
Anordnung, 
Verfügung 
oder 
sonstigen 
verbindlichen 
Maßnahme, die unmittelbar dazu führt, dass der 
Referenz[zins]satz nicht mehr als Referenzsatz 
zur Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
unter den Schuldverschreibungen verwendet 
werden darf oder nach der eine derartige 
Verwendung 
nicht 
nur 
unwesentlichen 
Beschränkungen 
oder 
nachteiligen 
Folgen 
unterliegt. 
(e) the applicability of any law or any other legal 
provision, or of any administrative or judicial 
order, decree or other binding measure, pursuant 
to which the Reference [Interest] Rate may no 
longer be used as a reference rate to determine 
the payment obligations under the Notes, or 
pursuant to which any such use is subject to not 
only 
immaterial 
restrictions 
or 
adverse 
consequences. 
"Amtliches 
Ersetzungskonzept" 
bezeichnet 
eine verbindliche oder unverbindliche öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung von (i) der EU-Kommission 
oder 
eines 
EU-Mitgliedstaates 
unter 
Berücksichtigung 
der 
Empfehlung 
einer 
Arbeitsgruppe für alternative Referenzzinssätze, 
die unter der Schirmherrschaft der Zentralbank 
tätig ist, die für die Währung zuständig ist, auf die 
die Zinssätze der Ersatz-Benchmark laute, sofern 
verfügbar, 
oder 
(ii) 
einer 
der 
folgenden 
Einrichtungen, vorausgesetzt, dass sie für die 
Abgabe einer solchen Erklärung zuständig sind: 
eine Zentralbank, eine Aufsichtsbehörde oder ein 
öffentlich-rechtlich konstituiertes oder besetztes 
Aufsichts- oder Fachgremium der Finanzbranche, 
wonach 
ein 
bestimmter 
Referenzsatz, 
gegebenenfalls 
unter 
Vornahme 
bestimmter 
Anpassungen, 
an 
die 
Stelle 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes treten solle oder könne oder 
wonach 
ein 
bestimmtes 
Verfahren 
zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen, die 
ansonsten 
unter 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Referenz[zins]satz bestimmt werden würden, zur 
Anwendung gelangen solle oder könne. 
"Official Substitution Concept" means any 
binding or non-binding public statement by (i) the 
EU Commission or any EU Member State taking 
into 
account, 
where 
available, 
the 
recommendation by an alternative reference rate 
working group operating under the auspices of 
the central bank responsible for the currency in 
which the interest rates of the replacement 
benchmark are denominated or (ii) any of the 
following 
entities 
provided 
that 
they 
are 
competent to make such statement: a central 
bank, a supervisory authority or a supervisory or 
expert body of the financial sector established 
under public law or composed of publicly 
appointed members pursuant to which a certain 
reference rate, subject to certain adjustments (if 
any), should or could be used to replace the 
Reference [Interest] Rate or pursuant to which a 
certain procedure should or could be used in 
order to determine payment obligations which 
would otherwise be determined by reference to 
the Reference [Interest] Rate. 
"Branchenlösung" bezeichnet eine öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung der International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association (ISDA), der International 
Capital 
Markets 
Association 
(ICMA), 
der 
Association for Financial Markets in Europe 
(AFME), der Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (SIFMA), der SIFMA Asset 
Management Group (SIFMA AMG), der Loan 
Markets Association (LMA), des Deutschen 
Derivate Verbands (DDV), des Zertifikate Forum 
Österreich 
oder 
eines 
sonstigen 
privaten 
Branchenverbands der Finanzwirtschaft, wonach 
ein bestimmter Referenzsatz, gegebenenfalls 
unter Vornahme bestimmter Anpassungen, an die 
Stelle des Referenz[zins]satzes treten solle oder 
könne oder wonach ein bestimmtes Verfahren zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen, die 
ansonsten 
unter 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
"Industry Solution" means any public statement 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association (ISDA), the International Capital 
Markets Association (ICMA), the Association for 
Financial 
Markets 
in 
Europe 
(AFME), 
the 
Securities 
Industry 
and 
Financial 
Markets 
Association 
(SIFMA), 
the 
SIFMA 
Asset 
Management Group (SIFMA AMG), the Loan 
Markets 
Association 
(LMA), 
the 
Deutsche 
Derivate Verbands (DDV), the Zertifikate Forum 
Austria or any other private association of the 
financial industry pursuant to which a certain 
reference rate, subject to certain adjustments (if 
any), should or could be used to replace the 
Reference [Interest] Rate or pursuant to which a 
certain procedure should or could be used in 
order to determine payment obligations which 
would otherwise be determined by reference to

--- Page 210 ---
210 
Referenz[zins]satz bestimmt werden würden, zur 
Anwendung gelangen solle oder könne. 
the Reference [Interest] Rate. 
"Allgemein Akzeptierte Marktpraxis" bezeichnet 
die 
übliche 
Verwendung 
eines 
bestimmten 
Referenzsatzes, gegebenenfalls unter Vornahme 
bestimmter 
Anpassungen, 
anstelle 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes oder die vertragliche oder 
anderweitige 
Regelung 
eines 
bestimmten 
Verfahrens 
zur 
Bestimmung 
von 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen, die ansonsten unter 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Referenz[zins]satz 
bestimmt worden wären, in einer Vielzahl von 
Anleiheemissionen 
nach 
dem 
Eintritt 
eines 
Benchmark-Ereignisses 
oder 
eine 
sonstige 
allgemein akzeptierte Marktpraxis zur Ersetzung 
des Referenz[zins]satzes als Referenzsatz für die 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen. 
"Generally Accepted Market Practice" means 
the customary use of a certain reference rate, 
subject to certain adjustments (if any), as 
substitute rate for the Reference [Interest] Rate or 
of provisions, contractual or otherwise, providing 
for a certain procedure to determine payment 
obligations which would otherwise have been 
determined by reference to the Reference 
[Interest] Rate in a material number of bond 
issues following the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Event, or any other generally accepted market 
practice to replace the Reference [Interest] Rate 
as reference rate for the determination of 
payment obligations. 
Für die Zwecke dieses Unterabsatzes bezeichnet 
der "Unabhängige Berater" ein unabhängiges 
Finanzinstitut von internationaler Reputation oder 
einen anderen unabhängigen Finanzberater in 
der Eurozone mit Erfahrung am internationalen 
Kapitalmarkt, der jeweils von der Emittentin auf 
ihre eigenen Kosten ernannt wird. 
For 
the 
purposes 
of 
this 
subparagraph 
"Independent Advisor" means an independent 
financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial advisor in the Euro zone 
experienced in the international capital markets, 
in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense. 
Der Unabhängige Berater oder die Emittentin (je 
nachdem) 
sind 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
berechtigt, aber nicht verpflichtet, in Bezug auf ein 
und 
dasselbe 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
mehrfach 
einen Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz nach Maßgabe 
der Bestimmungen dieses Unterabsatzes zu 
bestimmen, wenn diese spätere Bestimmung 
besser 
geeignet 
ist 
als 
die 
jeweils 
vorangegangene, 
das 
Ersetzungsziel 
zu 
erreichen. 
Die 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
Unterabsatzes gelten auch entsprechend für den 
Fall, dass in Bezug auf einen vom Unabhängigen 
Berater oder von der Emittentin (je nachdem) 
zuvor bestimmten Alternativ-Referenz[zins]satz 
ein Benchmark-Ereignis eintritt. 
The Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) is entitled, but not obliged, to 
determine, in its due discretion, a Substitute 
Reference [Interest] Rate pursuant to the 
provisions of this subparagraph several times in 
relation to the same Benchmark Event, provided 
that each later determination is better suitable 
than the earlier one to realise the Substitution 
Objective. The provisions of this subparagraph 
shall also apply mutatis mutandis in the event of a 
Benchmark Event occurring in relation to any 
Alternative Reference [Interest] Rate previously 
determined by the Independent Advisor or the 
Issuer (as the case may be). 
Hat der Unabhängige Berater oder die Emittentin 
(je nachdem) nach Eintritt eines Benchmark-
Ereignisses 
einen 
Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz 
bestimmt, so wird veranlasst, dass der Eintritt des 
Benchmark-Ereignisses, der vom Unabhängigen 
Berater oder von der Emittentin (je nachdem) 
bestimmte Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz sowie alle 
weiteren 
damit 
zusammenhängenden 
Festsetzungen des Unabhängigen Beraters oder 
der Emittentin (je nachdem) gemäß diesem 
Unterabsatz der Berechnungsstelle und den 
Gläubigern gemäß § 10 baldmöglichst, aber 
keinesfalls später als am vierten auf die 
Bestimmung 
des 
Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satzes 
folgenden Geschäftstag sowie jeder Börse, an der 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln 
eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
die 
Börse 
verlangen, 
baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls später als zu 
Beginn der Zinsperiode, ab der der Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz erstmals anzuwenden ist, 
If the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) has determined a Substitute 
Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate 
following 
the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event, it will cause 
the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, the 
Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate determined 
by the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) and any further determinations of 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) pursuant to this subparagraph 
associated therewith to be notified to the 
Calculation 
Agent 
and 
to 
the 
Holders 
in 
accordance with § 10 as soon as possible, but in 
no event later than the fourth Business Day 
following the determination of the Substitute 
Reference [Interest] Rate and, if required by the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are from time to time listed, to such stock 
exchange as soon as possible, but in no event 
later than the first day of the Interest Period to 
which the Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate

--- Page 211 ---
211 
mitgeteilt werden.] 
applies for the first time.] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
[In case of Zero Coupon Notes insert: 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Keine 
periodischen 
Zinsenzahlungen. 
Es 
erfolgen keine periodischen Zinsenzahlungen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emissionsrendite 
beträgt [Emissionsrendite einfügen]. 
(1) No Periodic Payments of Interest. There will 
not be any periodic payments of interest on the 
Notes. The issue yield is [insert issue yield]. 
(2) Verzugszinsen. 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, 
wird der ausstehende Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen vom Kalendertag der 
Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Kalendertag der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) weiterhin 
in 
Höhe 
der 
jeweils 
vorgesehenen 
Emissionsrendite 
verzinst. 
Weitergehende 
Ansprüche der Gläubiger bleiben unberührt. 
(2) Default Interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem 
the Notes when due, interest shall continue to 
accrue on the outstanding aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes from, and including, the due 
date for redemption to, but excluding, the date of 
actual redemption of the Notes at the respective 
Issue Yield specified. This does not affect any 
additional rights that might be available to the 
Holders. 
(3) Zinstagequotient. 
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung des 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrags für den in 
§ 5 (7) bestimmten Berechnungszeitraum: 
(3) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" 
means, in relation to the calculation of the Early 
Redemption Amount in respect of the Calculation 
Period as defined in § 5 (7): 
[Falls 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert 
durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Kalendertage auf 
der 
Grundlage 
eines 
Jahres 
von 
360 
Kalendertagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 
Kalendertagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (1) 
der letzte Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums 
fällt auf den 31. Kalendertag eines Monats, 
während 
der 
erste 
Kalendertag 
des 
Berechnungszeitraums weder auf den 30. noch 
auf den 31. Kalendertag eines Monats fällt, wobei 
in diesem Fall der den letzten Kalendertag 
enthaltende 
Monat 
nicht 
als 
ein 
auf 
30 
Kalendertage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, 
oder 
(2) 
der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Berechnungszeitraums 
fällt 
auf 
den 
letzten 
Kalendertag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 
Kalendertage 
verlängerter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln ist).] 
[In case 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
applies, insert: the number of calendar days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number 
of calendar days to be calculated on the basis of 
a year of 360 calendar days with twelve 30-
calendar day months (unless (1) the last calendar 
day of the Calculation Period is the 31st calendar 
day of a month but the first calendar day of the 
Calculation Period is a calendar day other than 
the 30th or 31st calendar day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last calendar 
day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 
30-calendar day month, or (2) the last calendar 
day of the Calculation Period is the last calendar 
day of the month of February in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-calendar day month).] 
[Falls 
30E/360 
oder 
Eurobond 
Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert 
durch 360 (wobei die Anzahl der Kalendertage 
auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 
Kalendertagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 
Kalendertagen zu ermitteln ist, und zwar ohne 
Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten 
Kalendertages 
des 
Berechnungszeitraums, 
es 
sei 
denn, 
der 
Fälligkeitstag 
ist, 
im 
Fall 
des 
letzten 
Berechnungszeitraums, der letzte Kalendertag 
des Monats Februar, wobei in diesem Fall der 
Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Kalendertage 
[In case 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis applies, 
insert: the number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of 
calendar days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 calendar days with twelve 30-
calendar day months, without regard to the date 
of the first calendar day or last calendar day of 
the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the 
final Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the 
last calendar day of the month of February, in 
which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-calendar day 
month).]]

--- Page 212 ---
212 
verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).]] 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1) [(a)] Zahlung von Kapital. Die Zahlung von 
Kapital auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden 
Absatzes (2) an das Clearingsystem oder 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearingsystems.  
(1) [(a)] Payment 
of 
Principal. 
Payment 
of 
principal on the Notes shall be made, 
subject to paragraph (2) below, to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the 
accounts 
of 
the 
relevant 
accountholders of the Clearing System. 
[Bei 
allen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
außer 
Nullkupon Schuldverschreibungen, einfügen: 
[Insert for all Notes other than Zero Coupon 
Notes: 
(b) 
Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden 
Absatzes (2) an das Clearingsystem oder 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearingsystems.] 
(b) 
Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on 
the Notes shall be made, subject to 
paragraph (2) 
below, 
to 
the 
Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant accountholders of 
the Clearing System.] 
(2) Zahlungsweise. 
Vorbehaltlich 
geltender 
steuerlicher 
und 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften erfolgen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu leistende Zahlungen in 
der festgelegten Währung. 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable 
fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments 
of amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be 
made in the Specified Currency. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, deren 
festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, einfügen: 
Stellt die Emittentin fest, dass es aufgrund von 
Umständen, die außerhalb der Verantwortung der 
Emittentin 
liegen, 
unmöglich 
ist, 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu leistende Zahlungen 
am 
maßgeblichen 
Fälligkeitstag 
in 
frei 
handelbaren 
und 
konvertierbaren 
Geldern 
vorzunehmen, oder dass die festgelegte Währung 
oder eine gesetzlich eingeführte Nachfolge-
Währung (die "Nachfolge-Währung") nicht mehr 
für 
die 
Abwicklung 
von 
internationalen 
Finanztransaktionen verwendet wird, kann die 
Emittentin 
ihre 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
am 
maßgeblichen Fälligkeitstag durch eine Zahlung 
in Euro auf der Grundlage des anwendbaren 
Wechselkurses erfüllen. Die Gläubiger sind nicht 
berechtigt, 
weitere 
Zinsen 
oder 
zusätzliche 
Beträge in Bezug auf eine solche Zahlung zu 
verlangen. Der "anwendbare Wechselkurs" ist: 
(i) (falls ein solcher Wechselkurs verfügbar ist) 
derjenige 
Wechselkurs 
des 
Euro 
zu 
der 
festgelegten Währung oder gegebenenfalls der 
Nachfolge-Währung, der von der Europäischen 
Zentralbank für einen Kalendertag festgelegt und 
veröffentlicht 
wurde, 
der 
innerhalb 
eines 
angemessenen (wie von der Emittentin in ihrem 
billigen Ermessen bestimmt) Zeitraums vor und 
so nahe wie möglich an dem maßgeblichen 
Fälligkeitstag lag; oder (ii) (falls kein solcher 
Wechselkurs 
verfügbar 
ist) 
derjenige 
Wechselkurs des Euro zu der festgelegten 
Währung oder gegebenenfalls der Nachfolge-
Währung, den die Zahlstelle als arithmetisches 
[In case of Notes whose Specified Currency is 
not Euro, insert: If the Issuer determines that it 
is impossible to make payments of amounts due 
on the Notes in freely negotiable and convertible 
funds on the relevant due date for reasons 
beyond its control or that the Specified Currency 
or any successor currency provided for by law 
(the "Successor Currency") is no longer used for 
the 
settlement 
of 
international 
financial 
transactions, the Issuer may fulfil its payment 
obligations by making such payments in Euro on 
the relevant due date on the basis of the 
Applicable Exchange Rate. Holders shall not be 
entitled to further interest or any additional 
amounts as a result of such payment. The 
"Applicable Exchange Rate" shall be: (i) (if such 
exchange rate is available) the exchange rate of 
Euro against the Specified Currency or the 
Successor Currency (if applicable) determined 
and published by the European Central Bank for 
the most recent calendar day falling within a 
reasonable (as determined by the Issuer in its 
reasonable discretion) period of time prior to the 
relevant due date; or (ii) (if such exchange rate is 
not available) the exchange rate of Euro against 
the 
Specified 
Currency 
or 
the 
Successor 
Currency (if applicable) which the Paying Agent 
has calculated as the arithmetic mean of offered 
rates concerning the Specified Currency or the 
Successor Currency (if applicable) quoted to the 
Paying Agent by four leading banks operating in 
the international foreign exchange market for the 
most recent calendar day falling within a 
reasonable (as determined by the Paying Agent

--- Page 213 ---
213 
Mittel aus den ihr von vier führenden, im 
internationalen 
Fremdwährungshandel 
tätigen 
Banken 
angebotenen 
Briefkursen 
für 
die 
festgelegte Währung oder gegebenenfalls die 
Nachfolge-Währung für einen Kalendertag, der 
innerhalb eines angemessenen (wie von der 
Zahlstelle in ihrem billigen Ermessen bestimmt) 
Zeitraums vor und so nahe wie möglich an dem 
maßgeblichen Fälligkeitstag liegt; oder (iii) (falls 
kein solcher Wechselkurs verfügbar ist) der von 
der Zahlstelle nach billigem Ermessen festgelegte 
Wechselkurs des Euro zu der festgelegten 
Währung oder gegebenenfalls der Nachfolge-
Währung.] 
in its reasonable discretion) period of time prior to 
the relevant due date; or (iii) (if such exchange 
rate is not available) the exchange rate of Euro 
against the Specified Currency or the Successor 
Currency (if applicable) as determined by the 
Paying Agent in its reasonable discretion.] 
[Bei 
allen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
außer 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
Fix-to-Floating 
Verzinsung, einfügen: 
[Insert for all Notes other than Notes with Fix-
to-Floating interest: 
(3) Zahltag. Sofern der Fälligkeitstag für eine 
Zahlung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
ansonsten auf einen Kalendertag fiele, der kein 
Zahltag (wie nachstehend definiert) ist, so wird 
der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung 
(3) Payment Business Day. If the due date for any 
payment in respect of the Notes would otherwise 
fall on a calendar day which is not a Payment 
Business Day (as defined below), the due date for 
such payment shall be 
[bei 
Anwendung 
der 
Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention einfügen: auf den 
nächstfolgenden Kalendertag verschoben, bei 
dem es sich um einen Zahltag handelt, es sei 
denn, der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in 
diesem Fall wird der Fälligkeitstag für diese 
Zahlung auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden 
Kalendertag vorgezogen, bei dem es sich um 
einen Zahltag handelt.] 
[in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention applies, insert: postponed to the 
next calendar day which is a Payment Business 
Day unless the due date for such payment would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event the due date for such payment shall be the 
immediately preceding calendar day which is a 
Payment Business Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der Following Business Day 
Convention einfügen: auf den nächstfolgenden 
Kalendertag verschoben, bei dem es sich um 
einen Zahltag handelt.] 
[in case Following Business Day Convention 
applies, insert: postponed to the next calendar 
day which is a Payment Business Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der Preceding Business Day 
Convention einfügen: auf den unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden Kalendertag vorgezogen, bei 
dem es sich um einen Zahltag handelt.] 
[in case Preceding Business Day Convention 
applies, 
insert: 
moved 
forward 
to 
the 
immediately preceding calendar day which is a 
Payment Business Day.] 
"Zahltag" bezeichnet einen Kalendertag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag); (i) an dem das 
Clearingsystem geöffnet ist; und (ii) der ein 
Geschäftstag (wie in § 1 (6) definiert) ist. 
"Payment Business Day" means a calendar day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday): (i) on which 
the Clearing System is open; and (ii) which is a 
Business Day (as defined in § 1 (6)). 
[Falls der Zinsbetrag angepasst werden soll, 
einfügen: Falls der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
(wie 
oben 
beschrieben) 
[falls 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
oder Preceding Business Day Convention 
Anwendung finden, einfügen: vorgezogen wird] 
[oder] [falls Modified Following Business Day 
Convention oder Following Business Day 
Convention Anwendung finden, einfügen: sich 
nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
[If the Interest Amount shall be adjusted, 
insert: If the due date for a payment of interest is 
[in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: brought forward] 
[or] [in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: [postponed] (as 
described above), the amount of interest shall be 
adjusted accordingly.] 
[Falls der Zinsbetrag nicht angepasst werden 
soll, einfügen: Falls der Fälligkeitstag einer 
[If the Interest Amount shall not be adjusted, 
insert: If the due date for a payment of interest is

--- Page 214 ---
214 
Zahlung von Zinsen (wie oben beschrieben) [falls 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
oder Preceding Business Day Convention 
Anwendung findet, einfügen: vorgezogen wird] 
[oder] [falls Modified Following Business Day 
Convention oder Following Business Day 
Convention Anwendung findet, einfügen: sich 
nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag nicht 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
[in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: brought forward] 
[or] [in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: postponed] (as 
described above), the amount of interest shall not 
be adjusted accordingly.] 
Falls der Fälligkeitstag der Rückzahlung des 
Nennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
angepasst wird, ist der Gläubiger nicht berechtigt, 
Zahlungen 
aufgrund 
dieser 
Anpassung 
zu 
verlangen.] 
If the due date for the redemption of the principal 
amount of the Notes is adjusted the Holder shall 
not be entitled to payments in respect of such 
adjustment.] 
[Bei 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
Fix-to-
Floating Verzinsung, einfügen: 
[Insert for Notes with Fix-to-Floating interest: 
(3) Festzahltag. Sofern der Fälligkeitstag für eine 
Zahlung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen, 
der vor oder auf dem Zinssatzwechseltag liegt, 
ansonsten auf einen Kalendertag fiele, der kein 
Festzahltag (wie nachstehend definiert) ist, so 
wird der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung 
(3) Fixed Payment Business Day. If the due date 
for any payment in respect of the Notes which 
falls prior to or on the Interest Rate Change Date 
would otherwise fall on a calendar day which is 
not a Fixed Payment Business Day (as defined 
below), the due date for such payment shall be 
[bei 
Anwendung 
der 
Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention einfügen: auf den 
nächstfolgenden Kalendertag verschoben, bei 
dem es sich um einen Festzahltag handelt, es sei 
denn, der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in 
diesem Fall wird der Fälligkeitstag für diese 
Zahlung auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden 
Kalendertag vorgezogen, bei dem es sich um 
einen Festzahltag handelt.] 
[in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention applies, insert: postponed to the 
next calendar day which is a Fixed Payment 
Business Day unless the due date for such 
payment would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event the due date for such 
payment shall be the immediately preceding 
calendar day which is a Fixed Payment Business 
Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der Following Business Day 
Convention einfügen: auf den nächstfolgenden 
Kalendertag verschoben, bei dem es sich um 
einen Festzahltag handelt.] 
[in case Following Business Day Convention 
applies, insert: postponed to the next calendar 
day which is a Fixed Payment Business Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der Preceding Business Day 
Convention einfügen: auf den unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden Kalendertag vorgezogen, bei 
dem es sich um einen Festzahltag handelt.] 
[in case Preceding Business Day Convention 
applies, 
insert: 
moved 
forward 
to 
the 
immediately preceding calendar day which is a 
Fixed Payment Business Day.] 
"Festzahltag" 
bezeichnet 
einen 
Kalendertag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag); (i) an dem 
das Clearingsystem geöffnet ist; und (ii) der ein 
Geschäftstag (wie in § 1 (6) definiert) ist. 
"Fixed Payment Business Day" means a 
calendar day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday): (i) on which the Clearing System is 
open; and (ii) which is a Business Day (as defined 
in § 1 (6)). 
[Falls der Zinsbetrag angepasst werden soll, 
einfügen: Falls ein Festzahltag [falls Modified 
Following Business Day Convention oder 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
Anwendung finden, einfügen: vorgezogen wird] 
[oder] [falls Modified Following Business Day 
Convention oder Following Business Day 
Convention Anwendung finden, einfügen: sich 
nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
[If the Interest Amount shall be adjusted, 
insert: If any Fixed Payment Business Day is [in 
case 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
or 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: brought forward] 
[or] [in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: [postponed] (as 
described above), the amount of interest shall be 
adjusted accordingly.] 
[Falls der Zinsbetrag nicht angepasst werden 
soll, einfügen: Falls ein Festzahltag [falls 
[If the Interest Amount shall not be adjusted, 
insert: If any Fixed Payment Business Day is [in

--- Page 215 ---
215 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
oder Preceding Business Day Convention 
Anwendung findet, einfügen: vorgezogen wird] 
[oder] [falls Modified Following Business Day 
Convention oder Following Business Day 
Convention Anwendung findet, einfügen: sich 
nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag nicht 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
case 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
or 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: brought forward] 
[or] [in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: postponed] (as 
described above), the amount of interest shall not 
be adjusted accordingly.] 
(4) Variabler Zahltag. Sofern der Fälligkeitstag für 
eine 
Zahlung 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
der 
nach 
dem 
Zinssatzwechseltag liegt, ansonsten auf einen 
Kalendertag fiele, der kein Variabler Zahltag (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
ist, 
so 
wird 
der 
Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung 
(4) Variable Payment Business Day. If the due 
date for any payment in respect of the Notes 
which falls after the Interest Rate Change Date 
would otherwise fall on a calendar day which is 
not a Variable Payment Business Day (as defined 
below), the due date for such payment shall be 
[bei 
Anwendung 
der 
Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention einfügen: auf den 
nächstfolgenden Kalendertag verschoben, bei 
dem es sich um einen Variablen Zahltag handelt, 
es sei denn, der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung 
würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat 
fallen; in diesem Fall wird der Fälligkeitstag für 
diese 
Zahlung 
auf 
den 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden Kalendertag vorgezogen, bei 
dem es sich um einen Variablen Zahltag handelt.] 
[in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention applies, insert: postponed to the 
next calendar day which is a Variable Payment 
Business Day unless the due date for such 
payment would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event the due date for such 
payment shall be the immediately preceding 
calendar day which is a Variable Payment 
Business Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der Following Business Day 
Convention einfügen: auf den nächstfolgenden 
Kalendertag verschoben, bei dem es sich um 
einen Variablen Zahltag handelt.] 
[in case Following Business Day Convention 
applies, insert: postponed to the next calendar 
day which is a Variable Payment Business Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der Preceding Business Day 
Convention einfügen: auf den unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden Kalendertag vorgezogen, bei 
dem es sich um einen Variablen Zahltag handelt.] 
[in case Preceding Business Day Convention 
applies, 
insert: 
moved 
forward 
to 
the 
immediately preceding calendar day which is a 
Variable Payment Business Day.] 
"Variabler 
Zahltag" 
bezeichnet 
einen 
Kalendertag 
(außer 
einem 
Samstag 
oder 
Sonntag); (i) an dem das Clearingsystem geöffnet 
ist; und (ii) der ein Geschäftstag (wie in § 1 (6) 
definiert) ist. 
"Variable Payment Business Day" means a 
calendar day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday): (i) on which the Clearing System is 
open; and (ii) which is a Business Day (as defined 
in § 1 (6)). 
[Falls der Zinsbetrag angepasst werden soll, 
einfügen: Falls ein Variabler Zahltag [falls 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
oder Preceding Business Day Convention 
Anwendung finden, einfügen: vorgezogen wird] 
[oder] [falls Modified Following Business Day 
Convention oder Following Business Day 
Convention Anwendung finden, einfügen: sich 
nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
[If the Interest Amount shall be adjusted, 
insert: If any Variable Payment Business Day is 
[in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: brought forward] 
[or] [in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: [postponed] (as 
described above), the amount of interest shall be 
adjusted accordingly.] 
[Falls der Zinsbetrag nicht angepasst werden 
soll, einfügen: Falls ein Variabler Zahltag [falls 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
oder Preceding Business Day Convention 
Anwendung findet, einfügen: vorgezogen wird] 
[oder] [falls Modified Following Business Day 
Convention oder Following Business Day 
Convention Anwendung findet, einfügen: sich 
nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag nicht 
[If the Interest Amount shall not be adjusted, 
insert: If any Variable Payment Business Day is 
[in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: brought forward] 
[or] [in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: postponed] (as 
described above), the amount of interest shall not

--- Page 216 ---
216 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
be adjusted accordingly.] 
Falls der Fälligkeitstag der Rückzahlung des 
Nennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
angepasst wird, ist der Gläubiger nicht berechtigt, 
Zahlungen 
aufgrund 
dieser 
Anpassung 
zu 
verlangen.] 
If the due date for the redemption of the principal 
amount of the Notes is adjusted the Holder shall 
not be entitled to payments in respect of such 
adjustment.] 
([4/5]) Bezugnahmen 
auf 
Kapital 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzahlbar 
sind, 
einfügen: und Zinsen]. Bezugnahmen in diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen 
auf 
"Kapital" 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, die folgenden Beträge ein: den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
(wie in § 5 (1) angegeben); den vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
(wie in § 5 angegeben); [falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
anderen 
als 
steuerlichen 
oder 
aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Gründen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
einfügen: 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (wie in § 5 angegeben);] 
[falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen, einfügen: den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (wie in § 5 angegeben);] 
sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren 
Beträge 
(außer 
Zinsen). 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen vorzeitig rückzahlbar sind, einfügen: 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
auf 
"Zinsen" 
aus 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß 
§ 7 (2) zahlbaren Zusätzlichen Beträge (wie in 
§ 7 (2) definiert) ein.] 
([4/5]) References to Principal [in case the 
Notes are early redeemable for reasons of 
taxation insert: and Interest]. References in 
these Terms and Conditions to "principal" in 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: the Final Redemption Amount of 
the Notes (as specified in § 5 (1)); the Early 
Redemption Amount of the Notes (as specified in 
§ 5); [in case the Notes are early redeemable 
at the option of the Issuer for reasons other 
than for reasons of taxation or regulatory 
reasons insert: the Call Redemption Amount of 
the Notes (as specified in § 5);] [in case the 
Notes are early redeemable at the option of 
the Holder insert: the Put Redemption Amount 
of the Notes (as specified in § 5);] and any 
premium and any other amounts (other than 
interest) which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Notes. [In case the Notes are 
early redeemable for reasons of taxation 
insert: 
References 
in 
these 
Terms 
and 
Conditions to "interest" in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any 
Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7 (2)) which 
may be payable under § 7 (2).] 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
[Im Fall von Rückzahlung am Fälligkeitstag 
einfügen: 
[In case of redemption on the Maturity Date 
insert: 
(1) Rückzahlung am Fälligkeitstag. Soweit nicht 
zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt 
oder zurückgekauft und entwertet, werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
vorbehaltlich 
einer 
Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in 
§ 4 ([3/4]) enthaltenen Bestimmungen zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
am 
[Fälligkeitstag 
einfügen] (der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. 
Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" in Bezug auf jede 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem Produkt aus 
dem Rückzahlungskurs und der festgelegten 
Stückelung.  
(1) Redemption on the Maturity Date. Unless 
previously redeemed in whole or in part or 
repurchased and cancelled, and subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the provisions set 
out in § 4 ([3/4]), the Notes shall be redeemed at 
their Final Redemption Amount on [insert 
Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date"). The "Final 
Redemption Amount" in respect of each Note 
shall be the product of the Redemption Price and 
the Specified Denomination.  
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fixem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with fixed redemption 
amount, insert: 
Der 
"Rückzahlungskurs" 
entspricht 
[Rückzahlungskurs 
als 
Prozentsatz 
The "Redemption Price" is [insert redemption

--- Page 217 ---
217 
einfügen]%.]] 
price as a percentage] per cent.]] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit 
inflationsabhängigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag, 
einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with inflation linked 
redemption amount, insert: 
(1) Rückzahlung 
am 
Fälligkeitstag. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(der 
"Rückzahlungsbetrag") 
am 
[Fälligkeitstag 
einfügen] (der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. 
(1) Redemption on the Maturity Date. The Notes 
shall be redeemed at their final redemption 
amount (the "Final Redemption Amount") on 
[insert Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date"). 
Der Rückzahlungsbetrag in Bezug auf jede 
Schuldverschreibung ausgedrückt in Prozent des 
Nennbetrags errechnet sich wie folgt: 
The Final Redemption Amount in respect of each 
Note expressed in per cent of its principal amount 
shall be calculated as follows: 
100 + Max {(HVPI(t) – HVPI(t-1))/HVPI(t-1) [*100] 
[*Faktor] [+][-] [Marge]; 0} 
100 + Max {(HICP(t) – HICP(t-1))/HICP(t-1) [*100] 
[*Factor] [+][-] [Marge]; 0} 
"HVPI(t)" meint den Stand des HVPI, wie er in 
Bezug auf [Bezugszeitraum (t)] veröffentlicht 
wird. 
"HICP(t)" means the level of the HICP that is 
published 
by 
reference 
to 
the 
[reference 
period(t)]. 
"HVPI(t-1)" meint den Stand des HVPI, der in 
Bezug auf [Bezugszeitraum (t-1)] veröffentlicht 
wird. 
"HICP(t-1)" means the level of the HICP that is 
published 
by 
reference 
to 
the 
[reference 
period(t-1)]. 
["Faktor" 
bedeutet 
eine 
definierte 
Zahl 
(Multiplikator des Inflationszinssatzes) und wurde 
mit [Faktor] festgelegt.] 
["Factor" means a defined number (a multiplier of 
the inflation rate) and has been determined as 
[factor].] 
["Marge" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl][Anzahl 
von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit [Marge] 
festgelegt.] 
["Marge" means a defined [number][number of 
percentage points] and has been determined as 
[marge].] 
 "HVPI" 
oder 
"Index" 
ist 
der 
unrevidierte 
Harmonisierte 
Verbraucherpreisindex 
(ohne 
Tabak)5 für die Euro-Zone (wie nachstehend 
definiert), der monatlich vom Statistischen Amt 
der Europäischen Gemeinschaft (EUROSTAT) 
(der 
"Indexsponsor") 
berechnet 
wird, 
und 
welcher auf der Bildschirmseite (wie nachstehend 
definiert) am Rückzahlungsfeststellungstag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) veröffentlicht wird. 
"HICP" or "Index" is the unrevised Harmonised 
Index of Consumer Prices (excluding Tobacco)3 
for the Euro-Zone (as defined below), which is 
calculated on a monthly basis by the statistical 
office of the European Union (EUROSTAT) (the 
"Index Sponsor") and published on the Screen 
Page (as defined below) on the Redemption 
Determination Date (as defined below). 
Falls die Bildschirmseite nicht länger existiert und 
keine offizielle Nachfolgeseite bekannt gegeben 
wird, wird die Berechnungsstelle eine alternative 
Referenz für den Index festlegen. 
If the Screen Page ceases to exist and no official 
successor page is announced, the Calculation 
Agent will determine other reference with respect 
to the Index. 
Im Fall einer Änderung eines veröffentlichten 
In case of any amendment of the published index 
 
5  
Der unrevidierte harmonisierte Verbraucherpreisindex des Euroraums ohne Tabakwaren zählt zu den EU-
Verbraucherpreisindizes, die gemäß der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 2494/95 vom 23.10.1995 nach einem harmonisierten Ansatz 
und einheitlichen Definitionen berechnet werden. Basisjahr ist das Jahr 2005. Der Euroraum erfasste zunächst Belgien, 
Deutschland, Irland, Spanien, Frankreich, Italien, Luxemburg, Niederlande, Österreich, Portugal und Finnland. Griechenland 
gehört seit Januar 2001, Slowenien seit Januar 2007, Zypern und Malta seit Januar 2008, die Slowakei seit Januar 2009, 
Estland seit dem Januar 2011, Lettland seit dem Januar 2014 und Litauen seit dem Januar 2015 zum Euroraum. Neue 
Mitgliedstaaten werden anhand einer Kettenindexformel in den Index integriert. Der Index wird monatlich ermittelt und in der 
Regel in der Mitte des Folgemonats veröffentlicht. 
The unrevised harmonised index of consumer prices of the Euro-Zone excluding Tobacco is one of the EU index of consumer 
prices which are calculated pursuant to Council Regulation (EC) No 2494/95 of 23 October 1995 in accordance with a 
harmonized approach and standardised definitions. The base year is the year 2005. The Euro-Zone initially included Belgium, 
Germany, Ireland, Spain, France, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Austria, Portugal and Finland. Greece is included in the 
Euro-Zone since January 2001, Slovenia since January 2007, Cyprus and Malta since January 2008, Slovakia since January 
2009, Estonia since January 2011, Latvia since January 2014 and Lithuania since January 2015. The new member states are 
integrated into the Index using a chain index formula. The Index is calculated monthly and generally published halfway 
through the following month.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
Indexstandes, der nach mehr als 24 Stunden 
nach der ersten Veröffentlichung erfolgt, soll in 
jedem 
Fall 
der 
zunächst 
ursprünglich 
veröffentlichte 
Indexstand 
zur 
Berechnung 
maßgeblich sein. 
level 24 hours after the first publication, the index 
level published first shall, in any case, be 
applicable to the calculation. 
Wird der Index nicht mehr vom Indexsponsor, 
sondern von einer anderen Person, Gesellschaft 
oder Institution, die die Berechnungsstelle für 
geeignet 
hält 
(der 
"Nachfolgesponsor") 
berechnet 
und 
veröffentlicht, 
so 
wird 
der 
anwendbare 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
des 
vom 
Nachfolgesponsor 
berechneten 
und 
veröffentlichten 
Index 
berechnet. Jede hier enthaltene Bezugnahme auf 
den 
Indexsponsor 
gilt, 
sofern 
es 
der 
Zusammenhang erlaubt, als Bezugnahme auf den 
Nachfolgesponsor. 
If the Index is not calculated and published by the 
Index Sponsor anymore but by another person, 
corporation or institution, which the Calculation 
Agent 
considers 
suitable 
(the 
"Successor 
Sponsor"), the applicable Final Redemption 
Amount shall be calculated on the basis of the 
Index calculated and published by the Successor 
Sponsor. Any reference to Index Sponsor 
contained herein, shall, in this context, be 
deemed to refer to the Successor Sponsor. 
Wird der Index zu irgendeiner Zeit aufgehoben 
und/oder durch einen anderen Index ersetzt, legt 
die Berechnungsstelle nach billigem Ermessen, 
und auf eine wirtschaftlich vernünftige Weise 
handelnd, fest, welcher Index künftig für die 
Berechnung 
des 
anwendbaren 
Rückzahlungsbetrags zugrunde zu legen ist (der 
"Nachfolgeindex"). Der Nachfolgeindex sowie 
der Zeitpunkt seiner erstmaligen Anwendung 
werden so bald wie möglich, jedoch keinesfalls 
später 
als 
am 
Rückzahlungsfeststellungstag 
bekannt 
gemacht. 
Jede 
hier 
enthaltene 
Bezugnahme auf den Index gilt, sofern es der 
Zusammenhang erlaubt, als Bezugnahme auf den 
Nachfolgeindex. 
If at any time the Index is cancelled and/or 
replaced by any other index, the Calculation 
Agent shall, in the reasonable discretion and 
acting 
in 
good 
faith 
and 
a 
commercially 
reasonable manner, determine the Index which 
the following calculation of the applicable Final 
Redemption Amount will be based on (the 
"Successor Index"). The Successor Index and 
the time of its first application will be announced 
as soon as possible but not later than on the 
Redemption Determination Date. Any reference 
to the Index contained herein, shall, in this 
context, be deemed to refer to the Successor 
Index. 
Ist nach Ansicht der Berechnungsstelle: (i) die 
Festlegung eines Nachfolgeindex aus welchen 
Gründen 
auch 
immer 
nicht 
möglich; 
oder 
(ii) nimmt der Indexsponsor nach dem Tag der 
Auszahlung 
eine 
wesentliche 
Veränderung 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Berechnungsmethode 
zur 
Bestimmung des Index vor oder verändert der 
Indexsponsor den Index auf irgendeine andere 
Weise wesentlich, wird die Berechnungsstelle die 
Weiterrechnung 
und 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Indexstandes 
unter 
Berücksichtigung 
des 
Grundsatzes von Treu und Glauben und in 
wirtschaftlich 
vernünftiger 
Art 
und 
Weise 
durchführen. 
If according to the Calculation Agent’s opinion: 
(i) the determination of the Successor Index is, for 
whatever reason, not possible; or (ii) the Index 
Sponsor significantly changes the method of 
calculating the Index or the Index Sponsor 
significantly changes the Index in any other way, 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
shall 
make 
further 
calculations and publications of the index level 
acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
"Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen Union, die 
gemäß dem Vertrag über die Gründung der 
Europäischen Gemeinschaft (unterzeichnet in 
Rom am 25. März 1957), geändert durch den 
Vertrag 
über 
die 
Europäische 
Union 
(unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 1992), 
den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 1997 
und den Vertrag von Lissabon vom 13. Dezember 
2007, 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, 
eine 
einheitliche Währung eingeführt haben oder 
jeweils eingeführt haben werden. 
"Euro-Zone" means the region comprised of 
those member states of the European Union that 
have adopted, or will have adopted from time to 
time, the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam 
Treaty of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of 
Lisbon of 13 December 2007, as further amended 
from time to time. 
"Bildschirmseite" meint [Bildschirmseite] oder 
"Screen Page" means [screen page] or the

--- Page 219 ---
219 
jede Nachfolgeseite. 
relevant successor page. 
"Rückzahlungsfeststellungstag" 
meint 
spätestens den [zweiten] [zutreffende andere 
Zahl von Tagen] TARGET Geschäftstag vor dem 
Fälligkeitstag.] 
"Redemption Determination Date" means at the 
latest the [second] [other applicable number of 
days] TARGET Business Day prior to the 
Maturity Date.] 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, einfügen: 
[In case the Notes are early redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer insert: 
(2) Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin. 
(2) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz (b) 
gekündigt 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt [falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auch 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden können, 
einfügen: oder teilweise] an dem (den) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) (Call) zu dem 
maßgeblichen 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call), 
nebst 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
(maßgeblichen) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with subparagraph (b), redeem 
all [in case the Notes may be redeemed 
also in part, insert: or some only] of the 
Notes on the Call Redemption Date(s) at 
the applicable Call Redemption Amount 
together with accrued interest, if any, to, 
but 
excluding, 
the 
(relevant) 
Call 
Redemption Date. 
 
Eine solche vorzeitige Rückzahlung gemäß 
diesem § 5 (2) ist nur möglich, sofern der 
Zeitpunkt der Emission mindestens fünf 
Jahre zurückliegt und die Voraussetzungen 
für 
Rückzahlung 
und 
Rückkauf 
nach 
§ 5 ([5/6]) erfüllt sind. 
Any such early redemption pursuant to this 
§ 5 (2) shall only be possible at least five 
years after the date of issuance and 
provided that the conditions to redemption 
and repurchase laid down in § 5 ([5/6]) are 
met. 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag[e] 
(Call): 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungs[kurs] 
[kurse] (Call) in %: 
Call Redemption 
Date[s]: 
 
Call Redemption 
Price[s] in per cent: 
 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
(Call) einfügen] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungskurs/-
kurse (Call) einfügen] 
[insert Call 
Redemption Date(s)] 
 
[insert Call 
Redemption Price(s)] 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call)" entspricht 
dem Produkt aus der festgelegten Stückelung und 
dem 
maßgeblichen 
Wahl-Rückzahlungskurs 
(Call). 
"Call Redemption Amount" equals the product 
of the Specified Denomination and the relevant 
Call Redemption Price. 
(b) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern durch die 
Emittentin gemäß § 10 bekannt zu geben. 
Sie ist unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die 
folgenden Angaben: 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders in accordance with 
§ 10. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify: 
(i) die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(i) the 
series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption; 
(ii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen, 
die 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
15 Geschäftstage betragen darf] 
[Kalendertage] [Geschäftstage] [im 
Fall einer Höchstkündigungsfrist 
einfügen: 
und 
nicht 
mehr 
als 
[Höchstkündigungsfrist einfügen] 
[Kalendertage] 
[Geschäftstage]] 
nach 
dem 
Kalendertag 
der 
(ii) the Call Redemption Date which shall 
be not less than [insert Minimum 
Notice Period, which shall not be 
less 
than 
15 Business 
Days] 
[calendar days] [Business Days] [in 
case of a Maximum Notice Period 
insert: 
nor 
more 
than 
[insert 
Maximum Notice Period] [calendar 
days] [Business Days]] after the 
calendar day on which notice is given

--- Page 220 ---
220 
Kündigung 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen 
darf; [und] 
by the Issuer to the Holders; [and] 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungskurs (Call), zu 
dem 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden [; und] 
(iii) the Call Redemption Price at which 
such Notes are to be redeemed [; 
and] 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auch 
teilweise 
zurückgezahlt 
werden 
können, 
einfügen: 
[in case the Notes may be redeemed also in 
part, insert: 
(iv) eine 
Erklärung, 
dass 
diese 
Serie 
teilweise zurückgezahlt wird, und den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
(iv) that such series is to be redeemed in 
part only and the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes which are to be 
redeemed. 
(c) 
Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen 
in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
maßgeblichen Clearingsystems oder, falls 
keine 
solchen 
Regeln 
bestehen, 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit der herrschenden 
Marktpraxis ausgewählt.]] 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of 
Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules of the 
relevant Clearing System or, if no such 
rules exist, in accordance with prevailing 
market practice.]] 
([2/3]) Keine vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
des Gläubigers. Die Gläubiger haben kein Recht, 
die 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zu verlangen. 
([2/3]) No Early Redemption at the Option of a 
Holder. The Holders do not have a right to 
demand the early redemption of the Notes.] 
([3/4]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen 
Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen können 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, jederzeit nach 
Wahl der Emittentin mit einer Kündigungsfrist von 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist 
einfügen] 
und 
nicht 
mehr 
als 
[Höchstkündigungsfrist 
einfügen] 
[Kalendertagen] [Geschäftstagen] gegenüber der 
Zahlstelle und gemäß § 10 gegenüber den 
Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt (wobei diese 
Kündigung unwiderruflich ist) und zurückgezahlt 
werden, falls sich die geltende steuerliche 
Behandlung 
der 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ändert, und sofern die 
Voraussetzungen für Rückzahlung und Rückkauf 
nach § 5 ([5/6]) erfüllt sind. 
([3/4]) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time on 
giving not less than [insert Minimum Notice 
Period] nor more than [insert Maximum Notice 
Period] [calendar days] [Business Days] prior 
notice of early redemption to the Paying Agent 
and, in accordance with § 10, to the Holders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), if there is a 
change in the applicable tax treatment of the 
Notes, and provided that the conditions to 
redemption 
and 
repurchase 
laid 
down 
in 
§ 5 ([5/6]) are met. 
([4/5]) Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Gründen. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
können 
insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin 
jederzeit vor ihrem Fälligkeitstag mit einer 
Kündigungsfrist 
von 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen] und nicht 
mehr als [Höchstkündigungsfrist einfügen] 
[Kalendertagen] [Geschäftstagen] gegenüber der 
Zahlstelle und gemäß § 10 gegenüber den 
Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt (wobei diese 
Kündigung unwiderruflich ist) und zurückgezahlt 
werden, 
falls 
sich 
die 
aufsichtsrechtliche 
Einstufung der Schuldverschreibungen ändert, 
was wahrscheinlich zu ihrem gänzlichen oder 
([4/5]) Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons. 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time prior 
to their Maturity Date on giving not less than 
[insert Minimum Notice Period] nor more than 
[insert Maximum Notice Period] [calendar 
days] [Business Days] prior notice of early 
redemption 
to 
the 
Paying 
Agent 
and, 
in 
accordance with § 10, to the Holders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), if there is a change in 
the regulatory classification of the Notes that 
would be likely to result in their exclusion in full or 
in part from own funds or reclassification as a 
lower quality form of own funds, and provided that 
the conditions to redemption and repurchase laid

--- Page 221 ---
221 
teilweisen Ausschluss aus den Eigenmitteln 
oder 
ihrer 
Neueinstufung 
als 
Eigenmittel 
geringerer Qualität führen würde, und sofern 
die Voraussetzungen für Rückzahlung und 
Rückkauf nach § 5 ([5/6]) sind erfüllt sind. 
down in § 5 ([5/6]) are met. 
([5/6]) Voraussetzungen für Rückzahlung und 
Rückkauf. Jede vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach 
diesem § 5 und jeder Rückkauf nach § 9 (2) 
setzen voraus, dass  
([5/6]) Conditions 
to 
Redemption 
and 
Repurchase. Any early redemption pursuant to 
this § 5 and any repurchase pursuant to § 9 (2) is 
subject to:  
(i) 
die Emittentin zuvor die Erlaubnis der 
Zuständigen Behörde (wie nachstehend 
definiert) zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung 
und zum Rückkauf gemäß § 9 (2) in 
Übereinstimmung mit Artikel 77 and 78 
CRR erhalten hat, sofern dies zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt für die Emittentin anwendbar 
ist, wobei diese Erlaubnis unter anderem 
voraussetzen kann, dass:  
(i) 
the Issuer having obtained the prior 
permission of the Competent Authority 
(as 
defined 
below) 
for 
the 
early 
redemption or any repurchase pursuant 
to § 9 (2) in accordance with Articles 77 
and 78 CRR, if applicable to the Issuer at 
that 
point 
in 
time, 
whereas 
such 
permission may, inter alia, require that: 
(A)  
entweder 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vor 
oder 
gleichzeitig 
mit 
einer 
solchen 
Rückzahlung oder einem solchen 
Rückkauf 
durch 
Eigenmittelinstrumente 
zumindest 
gleicher Qualität zu Bedingungen 
ersetzt, die im Hinblick auf die 
Ertragsmöglichkeiten der Emittentin 
nachhaltig sind; oder 
(A)  
either before or at the same time of 
such redemption or repurchase, the 
Issuer replaces the Notes with own 
funds instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity 
of the Issuer; or 
(B) 
die 
Emittentin 
der 
Zuständigen 
Behörde hinreichend nachgewiesen 
hat, 
dass 
die 
Eigenmittel 
und 
berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin nach 
einer solchen Rückzahlung oder 
nach einem solchen Rückkauf die 
Anforderungen der CRR in den 
Richtlinien 2013/36/EU 
und 
2014/59/EU, beide in der jeweils 
geltenden Fassung, um eine Spanne 
übersteigen, 
die 
die 
Zuständige 
Behörde für erforderlich hält; und 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction 
of 
the 
Competent 
Authority that the own funds and 
eligible liabilities of the Issuer 
would, following such redemption 
or 
repurchase, 
exceed 
the 
requirements  laid down in the CRR 
and the Directives 2013/13/EU and 
2014/59/EU both, as amended, by 
a 
margin 
that 
the 
Competent 
Authority considers necessary; and 
(ii) 
im Fall einer Rückzahlung vor fünf Jahren 
nach 
dem 
Ausgabetag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen: 
(ii) 
in the case of any redemption prior to the 
fifth anniversary of the date of issuance 
of the Notes: 
(A) aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen 
gemäß 
§ 5 ([3/4]), 
die 
Emittentin 
der 
Zuständigen Behörde hinreichend 
nachgewiesen hat, dass die geltende 
Änderung 
der 
steuerlichen 
Behandlung wesentlich ist und zum 
Ausgabetag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
vorherzusehen war; oder 
(A) for reasons of taxation pursuant to 
§ 5 ([3/4]), 
the 
Issuer 
has 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of 
the Competent Authority that the 
applicable change in tax treatment 
is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the date of 
issuance of the Notes; or 
(B) 
aus 
aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Gründen 
gemäß § 5 ([4/5]), die Zuständige 
Behörde 
diese 
Änderung 
für 
ausreichend sicher hält und die 
Emittentin der Zuständigen Behörde 
(B) 
for regulatory reasons pursuant to 
§ 5 ([4/5]), the Competent Authority 
considers 
such 
change 
to 
be 
sufficiently certain and the Issuer 
has 
demonstrated 
to 
the

--- Page 222 ---
222 
hinreichend nachgewiesen hat, dass 
die 
maßgebliche 
Änderung 
der 
aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Neueinstufung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Ausgabetag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
vorherzusehen war. 
satisfaction 
of 
the 
Competent 
Authority that the relevant change 
in the regulatory classification of 
the Notes was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the date of 
issuance of the Notes. 
Ungeachtet der oben stehenden Bedingungen, 
falls 
zum 
Zeitpunkt 
einer 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung oder eines Rückkaufs die für die 
Emittentin 
geltenden 
anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsvorschriften 
die 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung oder den Rückkauf nur nach 
Einhaltung 
von 
einer 
oder 
mehreren 
alternativen 
oder 
zusätzlichen 
Voraussetzungen zu den oben angegebenen 
erlauben, wird die Emittentin diese (etwaigen) 
anderen 
und/oder, 
falls 
anwendbar, 
zusätzlichen Voraussetzungen erfüllen. 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the 
time of any early redemption or repurchase, the 
prevailing supervisory regulations applicable to 
the Issuer permit the early redemption or 
repurchase only after compliance with one or 
more alternative or additional pre-conditions to 
those set out above, the Issuer shall comply 
with 
such 
other 
and/or, 
as 
appropriate, 
additional pre-conditions, if any. 
Klarstellend 
wird 
festgehalten, 
dass 
eine 
Weigerung 
der 
Zuständigen 
Behörde, 
eine 
erforderliche Erlaubnis, Bewilligung oder andere 
Zustimmung zu erteilen, in keiner Hinsicht einen 
Verzug begründet. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the 
Competent Authority to grant any required 
permission, approval or other consent shall not 
constitute a default for any purpose. 
"Zuständige 
Behörde" 
bezeichnet 
die 
zuständige Behörde gemäß Artikel 4(1)(40) 
CRR, die für die Beaufsichtigung der Emittentin 
auf 
Einzel- 
und/oder 
konsolidierter 
Basis 
verantwortlich ist. 
"Competent Authority" means the competent 
authority pursuant to Article 4(1)(40) CRR which 
is responsible to supervise the Issuer on an 
individual and/or consolidated basis. 
[Falls 
der 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
[In case the Early Redemption Amount is 
applicable, insert: 
(7) Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. Im Fall einer 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
ihrem 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) 
[im Fall von anderen Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
Nullkupon 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
einfügen: 
zuzüglich 
etwaiger 
bis 
zu 
dem 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückgezahlt].] Für die Zwecke dieses 
§ 5 
entspricht 
der 
"vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung [dem Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
[sonstigen vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag 
einfügen] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Nullkuponschuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: 
einem 
Betrag, der nach folgender Formel 
berechnet wird: 
(7) Early Redemption Amount. In case of any 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed at 
their Early Redemption Amount (as defined 
below) [in case of Notes other than Zero 
Coupon Notes, insert: together with interest, if 
any, accrued to, but excluding, the date of 
redemption]. For purposes of this § 5, the "Early 
Redemption Amount" of a Note shall be [its 
Final Redemption Amount] [insert other Early 
Redemption Amount] [in case of Zero Coupon 
Notes, 
insert: 
an 
amount 
calculated 
in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Ausgabekurs x Stückelung x 
(1 + Emissionsrendite)N; 
Issue 
Price x Specified 
Denomination x 
(1 + Issue Yield)N; 
wobei: 
where: 
"Begebungstag" ist [Begebungstag einfügen]; 
"Issue Date" means [insert Issue Date]; 
"Ausgabekurs" 
entspricht 
[Ausgabekurs 
einfügen]%; 
"Issue Price" means [insert Issue Price] per 
cent.; 
"Emissionsrendite" 
entspricht 
[in 
Prozent 
ausgedrückte Emissionsrendite einfügen]% 
"Issue 
Yield" 
means 
[insert 
Issue 
Yield 
expressed as a percentage] per cent. and is

--- Page 223 ---
223 
und berechnet sich auf Basis des Ausgabekurses 
am Begebungstag; und 
calculated on the basis of the issue price on the 
Issue Date, and 
"N" entspricht der Anzahl der Kalendertage im 
Zeitraum vom Begebungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zu dem Kalendertag (ausschließlich), an dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt 
werden 
(der 
"Berechnungszeitraum") 
unter 
Berücksichtigung 
des 
anwendbaren 
Zinstagequotienten.]] 
"N" means the number of calendar days in the 
period from, and including, the Issue Date to, and 
excluding, the date on which the Notes shall 
become due and repayable (the "Calculation 
Period") calculated on the basis of the applicable 
Day Count Fraction.]] 
§ 6 
DIE ZAHLSTELLE[N] [UND 
DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] 
 
§ 6 
PAYING AGENT[S] 
[AND CALCULATION AGENT] 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen. Die 
anfänglich bestellte Hauptzahlstelle [falls (eine) 
weitere Zahlstelle(n) ernannt werden sollen, 
einfügen:, 
die 
anfänglich 
bestellte(n) 
Zahlstelle(n)] 
und 
die 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Berechnungsstelle 
und 
ihre 
anfänglich 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen lauten wie folgt:  
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial 
Principal Paying Agent [in case (a) further 
paying agent(s) shall be appointed, insert:, the 
initial Paying Agent(s)] and the initial Calculation 
Agent and their respective initial specified offices 
are:  
Hauptzahlstelle: 
Principal Paying Agent: 
[Falls Oberbank AG als Emissions- und 
Hauptzahlstelle ernannt werden soll, einfügen: 
[In case Oberbank AG shall be appointed as 
initial Fiscal and Principal Paying Agent 
insert:  
Oberbank AG 
Untere Donaulände 28 
4020 Linz 
Österreich] 
Oberbank AG 
Untere Donaulände 28 
4020 Linz 
Austria] 
[Falls eine andere Hauptzahlstelle ernannt 
werden soll, sind ihr Name und ihre anfänglich 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle einzufügen.] 
[In case another Principal Paying Agent shall 
be appointed, insert its name and initial 
specified office.] 
[Falls eine zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstelle 
ernannt werden soll, sind ihr Name und ihre 
anfänglich 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
einzufügen.] 
[In case an additional or other paying agent 
shall be appointed insert its name and initial 
specified office.] 
Soweit in diesen Emissionsbedingungen der 
Begriff "Zahlstelle(n)" erwähnt wird, so schließt 
dieser Begriff die Hauptzahlstelle mit ein. 
Where these Terms and Conditions refer to the 
term "Paying Agent(s)", such term shall include 
the Principal Paying Agent. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit einem 
variablen oder inflationsabhängigen Zinssatz 
einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a floating or inflation 
linked interest rate insert: 
Berechnungsstelle: 
Calculation Agent: 
[Falls Oberbank AG als Berechnungsstelle 
ernannt werden soll, einfügen: 
[In case Oberbank AG shall be appointed as 
Calculation Agent insert:  
Oberbank AG 
Untere Donaulände 28 
4020 Linz 
Österreich] 
Oberbank AG 
Untere Donaulände 28 
4020 Linz 
Austria] 
[Falls eine andere Berechnungsstelle ernannt 
werden soll, sind ihr Name und ihre anfänglich 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle einzufügen.]] 
[In case another Calculation Agent shall be 
appointed, insert its name and initial specified 
office.]] 
Die Zahlstelle(n) [und die Berechnungsstelle] 
behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit ihre 
jeweilige bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch eine 
The Paying Agent(s) [and the Calculation Agent] 
reserve the right at any time to change their 
respective specified office to some other specified

--- Page 224 ---
224 
andere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in derselben 
Stadt zu ersetzen. 
office in the same city.  
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
die 
Bestellung 
einer 
Zahlstelle 
[oder 
der 
Berechnungsstelle] zu ändern oder zu beenden 
und zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen oder eine 
andere Berechnungsstelle zu bestellen. Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
jedoch, 
[(i)] solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an einer Wertpapierbörse 
notiert sind, eine Zahlstelle (die die Emittentin 
sein kann) mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle an 
einem Ort unterhalten, den die Regeln dieser 
Börse oder ihrer Aufsichtsbehörde(n) verlangen 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Zahlungen 
in 
U.S.-Dollar 
einfügen:; [und] ([ii]) falls Zahlungen bei den 
oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten aufgrund der 
Einführung von Devisenbeschränkungen oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen 
hinsichtlich 
der 
vollständigen Zahlung oder des Empfangs der 
entsprechenden 
Beträge 
in 
U.S.-Dollar 
widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich ausgeschlossen 
werden, 
eine 
Zahlstelle 
mit 
bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle in New York unterhalten[;]] [Im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit einem 
variablen oder inflationsabhängigen Zinssatz 
einfügen: und ([ii/iii]) eine Berechnungsstelle 
unterhalten]. Die Emittentin wird die Gläubiger 
von jeder Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder 
jedem sonstigen Wechsel sobald wie möglich 
nach Eintritt der Wirksamkeit einer solchen 
Veränderung informieren. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent 
[or the Calculation Agent] and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents or another 
Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall at all times 
maintain, [(i)] so long as the Notes are listed on a 
stock exchange, a Paying Agent (which may be 
the Issuer) with a specified office in such place as 
may be required by the rules of such stock 
exchange or its supervisory authority(ies) [in 
case of payments in U.S. Dollars insert:; [and] 
([ii]) if payments at or through the offices of all 
Paying Agents outside the United States become 
illegal or are effectively precluded because of the 
imposition of exchange controls or similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such 
amounts in U.S. Dollars, a Paying Agent with a 
specified office in New York[;]] [In case of Notes 
with a floating or inflation linked interest rate 
insert: and ([ii/iii]) a Calculation Agent]. The 
Issuer will give notice to the Holders of any 
variation, termination, appointment or any other 
change 
as 
soon 
as 
possible 
upon 
the 
effectiveness of such change. 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die Zahlstellen 
[und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle] 
handeln 
ausschließlich als Beauftragte der Emittentin und 
übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber 
den Gläubigern; es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den 
Gläubigern begründet.  
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Paying Agents [and 
the Calculation Agent] act solely as agents of the 
Issuer and do not have any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust to any Holder.  
(4) Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Festsetzungen. 
Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und 
Entscheidungen, die von der Zahlstelle für die 
Zwecke dieser Emissionsbedingungen gemacht, 
abgegeben, getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind 
(sofern keine vorsätzliche Pflichtverletzung, kein 
böser Glaube und kein offensichtlicher Irrtum 
vorliegt) für die Emittentin, die Zahlstellen[, die 
Berechnungsstelle] und die Gläubiger bindend, 
und, sofern keiner der vorstehend genannten 
Umstände vorliegt, haftet die Zahlstelle nicht 
gegenüber der Emittentin, den Zahlstellen[, der 
Berechnungsstelle] oder den Gläubigern im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
der 
Ausübung 
oder 
Nichtausübung ihrer Rechte und Pflichten und 
ihres Ermessens gemäß solchen Bestimmungen. 
(4) Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
the provisions of these Terms and Conditions by 
the Paying Agent shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Paying Agents[, the Calculation 
Agent] and the Holders and, in the absence of the 
aforesaid, no liability to the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents[, the Calculation Agent] or the Holders 
shall attach to the Paying Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
(1) Steuern. 
Alle 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an den Gläubiger (oder 
an einen Dritten im Interesse des Gläubigers) zu 
zahlenden Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen sind 
ohne Abzug oder Einbehalt für oder aufgrund 
gegenwärtiger 
oder 
zukünftiger 
Steuern, 
Gebühren oder Abgaben jeglicher Art ("Steuern") 
zu zahlen, die von oder für die Republik 
Österreich, von einer oder für eine ihrer zur 
Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten 
politischen 
Untergliederungen oder von einer oder für eine 
ihrer zur Steuererhebung ermächtigten Behörden 
im Wege des Abzugs oder des Einbehalts 
auferlegt oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein 
solcher Abzug oder Einbehalt ist gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben. 
(1) Taxes. All amounts of principal and interest 
payable to the Holder (or a third party on behalf of 
the Holder) in respect of the Notes shall be made 
without deduction or withholding for or on account 
of any present or future taxes, duties or 
governmental charges of any nature whatsoever 
(the "Taxes") imposed or levied by way of 
deduction or withholding by or on behalf of the 
Republic of Austria or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof having power to tax, unless 
such deduction or withholding is required by law. 
[Falls 
Zahlung 
Zusätzlicher 
Beträge 
anwendbar ist, einfügen:  
(2) Zusätzliche 
Beträge. 
[Falls 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: In diesem Fall zahlt 
die Emittentin, soweit gesetzlich zulässig, jene 
zusätzlichen Beträge (ausgenommen Zahlungen 
von Kapital) (die "Zusätzlichen Beträge"), die 
erforderlich sind, damit die einem Gläubiger (oder 
einem Dritten im Interesse des Gläubigers) 
zufließenden Nettobeträge nach diesem Abzug 
oder Einbehalt den Beträgen entsprechen, die 
ohne einen solchen Abzug oder Einbehalt vom 
Gläubiger (oder einem Dritten im Interesse des 
Gläubigers) erhalten worden wären; jedoch sind 
Zusätzliche Beträge nicht zu zahlen aufgrund von 
Steuern, die 
[If Payment of Additional Amounts applies, 
insert:  
(2) Additional Amounts. [If Early Redemption for 
Reasons of Taxation is applicable, insert: In 
that event, the Issuer shall, to the extent 
permitted by law, pay such additional amounts 
(other than payments of principal (the "Additional 
Amounts") as shall be necessary in order that 
the net amounts received by the Holder (or a third 
party on behalf of the Holder), after such 
deduction 
or 
withholding, 
shall 
equal 
the 
respective amounts which would otherwise have 
been receivable in the absence of such deduction 
or withholding, except that no such Additional 
Amounts shall be payable on account of Taxes 
which: 
(a) 
abgezogen oder einbehalten werden, weil 
der Gläubiger (oder ein Dritter im Interesse 
des Gläubigers) (i) einer anderen aus 
steuerlicher Sicht relevanten Beziehung zur 
Republik Österreich unterliegt oder zum 
Zeitpunkt 
des 
Erwerbs 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen unterlegen ist, als 
lediglich 
der 
Inhaber 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
sein 
oder 
gewesen zu sein oder (ii) eine Zahlung aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen von oder unter 
Einbindung 
einer 
österreichischen 
auszahlenden 
Stelle 
oder 
einer 
österreichischen depotführenden Stelle (wie 
jeweils 
in 
§ 95 
Abs 2 
Einkommensteuergesetz 1988 idgF oder 
einer 
allfälligen 
Nachfolgebestimmung 
definiert) 
erhält; 
die 
österreichische 
Kapitalertragsteuer ist somit keine Steuer, 
für die die Emittentin Zusätzliche Beträge 
zu zahlen hat; oder 
(a) 
are deducted or withheld by reason of the 
Holder (or a third party on behalf of the 
Holder) (i) for tax purposes having, or 
having had at the time of acquisition of the 
Notes, another nexus to the Republic of 
Austria than merely being, or having been, 
the bearer of the Notes; or (ii) receiving an 
amount payable in respect of the Notes by, 
or involving an Austrian paying agent 
(auszahlende 
Stelle) 
or 
an 
Austrian 
custodian agent (depotführende Stelle; both 
terms as defined in § 95(2) of the Austrian 
Income 
Tax 
Act 
1988 
[Einkommensteuergesetz 1988] 
as 
amended or a subsequent legal provision, if 
any); 
Austrian 
withholding 
tax 
on 
investment 
income 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) 
shall thus not qualify as a tax for which the 
Issuer would be obliged to pay Additional 
Amounts; or 
(b) 
abgezogen 
oder 
einbehalten 
werden 
aufgrund eines völkerrechtlichen oder eines 
zivilrechtlichen Vertrags zwischen einem 
(b) 
are deducted or withheld pursuant to an 
international treaty or a civil law agreement 
concluded by a state and/or one of its

--- Page 226 ---
226 
Staat und/oder einer seiner politischen 
Untergliederungen und/oder einer seiner 
Behörden 
und/oder 
einer 
Staatengemeinschaft einerseits und der 
Republik Österreich und/oder einer ihrer 
politischen Untergliederungen und/oder der 
Europäischen 
Union 
und/oder 
der 
Emittentin und/oder eines Intermediärs 
andererseits; oder 
political subdivisions and/or one of its 
authorities and/or a group of states on the 
one hand and the Republic of Austria 
and/or one of its political subdivisions 
and/or the European Union and/or the 
Issuer and/or an intermediary on the other 
hand; or 
(c) 
aufgrund von Rechtsnormen der Republik 
Österreich, einer EU-Richtlinie oder EU-
Verordnung 
oder 
eines 
internationalen 
Abkommens 
oder 
informellen 
Übereinkommens, dessen Partei(en) die 
Republik 
Österreich 
und/oder 
die 
Europäische Union ist/sind, rückerstattbar 
oder an der Quelle entlastbar wären; oder 
(c) 
are refundable or for which a relief at 
source is available pursuant to the laws of 
the Republic of Austria, a European Union 
directive or regulation or an international 
treaty or understanding to which the 
Republic of Austria and/or the European 
Union is a party/are parties; or 
(d) 
nicht abgezogen oder einbehalten hätten 
werden müssen, wenn der Gläubiger (oder 
ein Dritter im Interesse des Gläubigers) 
ordnungsgemäße 
Dokumentation 
oder 
Beweise zur Erlangung einer Befreiung von 
der Steuer vorgelegt hätte, oder 
(d) 
would not have had to be deducted or 
withheld if the Holder (or a third party on 
behalf of the Holder) had duly submitted 
documentation or evidence to qualify for a 
tax exemption; or 
(e) 
nicht zahlbar wären, wenn der Gläubiger 
(oder 
ein 
Dritter 
im 
Interesse 
des 
Gläubigers) 
den 
Anspruch 
auf 
die 
betreffende 
Zahlung 
ordnungsgemäß 
innerhalb 
von 
30 
Tagen 
nach 
dem 
jeweiligen Fälligkeitstag geltend gemacht 
hätte; oder 
(e) 
would not have been deducted or withheld 
if the Holder (or a third party on behalf of 
the Holder) had duly submitted a claim for 
the respective payment of principal or 
interest within 30 days after the due date; 
or 
(f) 
abgezogen 
oder 
einbehalten 
werden 
aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung, welche 
später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung oder, wenn dies 
später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und 
einer 
diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung 
gemäß § 10, wirksam wird; oder 
(f) 
are deducted or withheld by reason of a 
change in law that becomes effective more 
than 30 days after the relevant payment 
becomes due, or is duly provided for and 
notice thereof is published in accordance 
with § 10, whichever occurs later; or 
(g) 
nach Zahlung durch die Emittentin während 
der Überweisung an den Gläubiger (oder 
einen Dritten im Interesse des Gläubigers) 
abgezogen oder einbehalten werden.] 
(g) 
are deducted or withheld after payment by 
the Issuer during the transfer to the Holder 
(or a third party on behalf of the Holder).] 
([2/3]) U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
Act (FATCA). Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, von 
den an einen Gläubiger oder einen an den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
wirtschaftlich 
Berechtigten unter den Schuldverschreibungen zu 
zahlenden 
Beträgen 
diejenigen 
Beträge 
einzubehalten oder abzuziehen, die erforderlich 
sind, um eine etwaige Steuer zu zahlen, die die 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
einer 
Vereinbarung 
einzubehalten oder abzuziehen verpflichtet ist, die 
in Artikel 1471 (b) des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code von 1986 in der jeweils geltenden Fassung 
(der 
"Kodex") 
beschrieben 
wird, 
oder 
die 
anderweitig gemäß den Artikeln 1471 bis 1474 
des Kodex (oder etwaigen unter dem Kodex 
erlassenen 
Verordnungen 
oder 
amtlichen 
([2/3]) U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
Act (FATCA). The Issuer is authorised to withhold 
or deduct from amounts payable under the Notes 
to a Holder or beneficial owner of Notes sufficient 
funds for the payment of any tax that it is required 
to withhold or deduct pursuant an agreement 
described in Section 1471 (b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code"), or that is otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any 
regulations thereunder or official interpretations 
thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement 
between 
the 
United 
States 
and 
another 
jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof 
(or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or 
practices 
implementing 
such 
an

--- Page 227 ---
227 
Auslegungen des Kodex), oder gemäß einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung zwischen den 
Vereinigten 
Staaten 
und 
einer 
anderen 
Jurisdiktion zur Umsetzung des Kodex (oder 
gemäß steuerrechtlicher oder aufsichtsrechtlicher 
Gesetzgebung, Vorschriften oder Praktiken, die 
eine solche zwischenstaatliche Vereinbarung 
umsetzen) (jeder Einbehalt oder Abzug, ein 
"FATCA Einbehalt") vorgeschrieben wird. Weder 
die Emittentin noch eine andere Person ist 
verpflichtet, irgendwelche Zusätzlichen Beträge in 
Bezug auf den FATCA Einbehalt zu zahlen. 
intergovernmental 
agreement) 
(any 
such 
withholding 
or 
deduction, 
a 
"FATCA 
Withholding"). Neither the Issuer nor any other 
person will be required to pay any Additional 
Amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
§ 8 
VERJÄHRUNG 
§ 8 
PRESCRIPTION 
Ansprüche gegen die Emittentin auf Zahlungen 
hinsichtlich der Schuldverschreibungen verjähren 
und werden unwirksam, wenn diese nicht 
innerhalb von dreißig Jahren [Im Fall von 
anderen als Nullkuponschuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: (im Falle des Kapitals) und innerhalb 
von drei Jahren (im Falle von Zinsen)] ab dem 
maßgeblichen Fälligkeitstag geltend gemacht 
werden. 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect 
of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void 
unless made within thirty years [in case of Notes 
other than Zero Coupon Notes, insert: (in the 
case of principal) and three years (in the case of 
interest)] upon the relevant due date. 
§ 9 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, RÜCKKAUF 
UND ENTWERTUNG 
§ 9 
FURTHER ISSUES OF NOTES, 
REPURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Gläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher Ausstattung 
(mit Ausnahme des Kalendertags der Begebung, 
des Ausgabekurses, des Verzinsungsbeginns 
und/oder des ersten Zinszahlungstags) in der 
Weise 
zu 
begeben, 
dass 
sie 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie 
bilden.  
(1) Further Issues of Notes. The Issuer may from 
time to time, without the consent of the Holders, 
issue further Notes having the same terms as the 
Notes in all respects (except for the issue date, 
issue price, Interest Commencement Date and/or 
first Interest Payment Date) so as to form a single 
series with the Notes.  
(2) Rückkauf. 
Vorausgesetzt, 
dass 
alle 
anwendbaren aufsichtsrechtlichen und sonstigen 
gesetzlichen Bestimmungen beachtet werden und 
die 
Voraussetzungen 
für 
Rückzahlung 
und 
Rückkauf nach § 5 ([5/6]) erfüllt sind, sind die 
Emittentin und jede ihrer Tochtergesellschaften 
sind berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen 
im Markt oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen 
Preis zurückzukaufen. Die von der Emittentin 
oder 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaft 
erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der 
Emittentin bzw dieser Tochtergesellschaft von ihr 
gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei der Zahlstelle 
zwecks Entwertung eingereicht werden.  
(2) Repurchases. Provided that all applicable 
regulatory and other statutory restrictions are 
observed, and provided that the conditions for 
redemption 
and 
repurchase 
laid 
down 
in 
§ 5 ([5/6]) are met, the Issuer and any of its 
subsidiaries may at any time repurchase Notes in 
the open market or otherwise at any price. Notes 
repurchased by the Issuer or the subsidiary may, 
at the option of the Issuer or such subsidiary, be 
held, resold or surrendered to the Paying Agent 
for cancellation.  
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig getilgten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
unverzüglich 
zu 
entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder 
wiederverkauft werden.  
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall 
be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or 
resold.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
§ 10 
MITTEILUNGEN 
§ 10 
NOTICES 
(1) Bekanntmachung. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Tatsachenmitteilungen sind im Internet auf der 
Internetseite der Emittentin ("www .oberbank.at") 
zu 
veröffentlichen. 
Jede 
derartige 
Tatsachenmitteilung 
gilt 
mit 
dem 
fünften 
Kalendertag 
nach 
dem 
Kalendertag 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem fünften Kalendertag 
nach dem Kalendertag der ersten solchen 
Veröffentlichung) 
als 
übermittelt. 
Allfällige 
börsenrechtliche 
Veröffentlichungsvorschriften 
bleiben hiervon unberührt. Rechtlich bedeutsame 
Mitteilungen werden an die Gläubiger im Wege 
der depotführenden Stelle übermittelt. Alternativ 
ist die Emittentin jederzeit berechtigt, Mitteilungen 
direkt an ihr bekannte Gläubiger zu übermitteln. 
(1) Publication. All notices of facts concerning the 
Notes shall be published on the website of the 
Issuer ("www .oberbank.at"). Any notice so given 
will be deemed to have been validly given on the 
fifth calendar day following the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on 
the fifth calendar day following the date of the first 
such publication). This does not affect any 
applicable 
stock 
exchange 
law 
publication 
requirements. Legally material notices shall be 
given to the Holders via the respective institutions 
which maintain the Holders' security accounts. 
Alternatively, the Issuer shall be entitled to send 
at any time notices directly to Holders known to 
the Issuer. 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Soweit 
die 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Mitteilungen 
nach 
Absatz (1) rechtlich nicht mehr erforderlich ist, ist 
die Emittentin berechtigt, eine Veröffentlichung in 
den in Absatz (1) genannten Medien durch 
Übermittlung 
von 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung durch das 
Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger zu ersetzen. 
Jede 
derartige 
Mitteilung 
gilt 
am 
siebten 
Kalendertag 
nach 
dem 
Kalendertag 
der 
Übermittlung an das Clearingsystem als den 
Gläubigern mitgeteilt. 
(2) Notification 
to 
Clearing 
System. 
If 
the 
publication of notices pursuant to paragraph (1) is 
no longer required by law, the Issuer may, in lieu 
of 
publication 
in 
the 
media 
set 
forth 
in 
paragraph (1), deliver the relevant notices to the 
Clearing System, for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Holders on the seventh calendar day after the 
calendar day on which said notice was delivered 
to the Clearing System. 
(3) Form der von Gläubigern zu machenden 
Mitteilungen. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen der Gläubiger an die 
Emittentin gelten als wirksam erfolgt, wenn sie 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
der 
Zahlstelle 
(zur 
Weiterleitung an die Emittentin) in Textform (zB in 
schriftlicher 
Form) 
in 
der 
deutschen 
oder 
englischen Sprache übersandt werden. Der 
Gläubiger 
muss 
einen 
die 
Emittentin 
zufriedenstellenden Nachweis über die von ihm 
gehaltenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erbringen. 
Dieser 
Nachweis 
kann: 
(i) in 
Form 
einer 
Bestätigung durch das Clearingsystem oder die 
Depotbank, 
bei 
der 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, dass der Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der 
Mitteilung 
Gläubiger 
der 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ist; oder (ii) auf jede 
andere geeignete Weise erfolgen. 
"Depotbank" bezeichnet jede Bank oder ein 
sonstiges 
anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und 
bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, 
einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
(3) Form of Notice to Be Given by any Holder. 
Notices regarding the Notes which are to be given 
by any Holder to the Issuer shall be validly given 
if delivered in in text format (Textform) (e.g. in 
writing) in the German or English language to the 
Issuer or the Paying Agent (for onward delivery to 
the Issuer). The Holder shall provide evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer of its holding of the 
Notes. Such evidence may be: (i) in the form of a 
certification from the Clearing System or the 
Custodian with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes that 
such Holder is, at the time such notice is given, 
the Holder of the relevant Notes; or (ii) in any 
other appropriate manner. 
"Custodian" means any bank or other financial 
institution of recognised standing authorised to 
engage in securities custody business with which 
the Holder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes and includes the Clearing 
System.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
§ 11 
ANWENDBARES RECHT 
GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE 
GELTENDMACHUNG 
§ 11 
APPLICABLE LAW,  
PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) Anwendbares 
Recht. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
alle 
außervertraglichen Schuldverhältnisse, die sich 
aus 
oder 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ergeben, 
unterliegen 
österreichischem Recht unter Ausschluss seiner 
Kollisionsnormen, soweit diese zur Anwendung 
fremden Rechts führen würden, und werden in 
Übereinstimmung mit österreichischem Recht 
ausgelegt. 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, Austrian 
law except for its conflict of law rules as far as 
such rules would lead to the application of foreign 
law. 
(2) Gerichtsstand. 
Das 
sachlich 
zuständige 
Gericht in Linz, Österreich ist ausschließlich 
zuständig für Streitigkeiten, die aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
(einschließlich 
allfälliger 
Streitigkeiten 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
außervertraglichen 
Schuldverhältnissen, die sich aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
ergeben) entstehen, soweit dies nach den 
anwendbaren 
zwingenden 
Konsumentenschutzgesetzen zulässig ist. 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction. The competent court in 
Linz, Austria shall have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any disputes that may arise out of or in 
connection with any Notes (including any legal 
action or proceedings relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with Notes), to the extent permissible 
according to applicable mandatory consumer 
protection legislation. 
(3) Gerichtliche 
Geltendmachung. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
berechtigt, in jeder Rechtsstreitigkeit gegen die 
Emittentin oder in jeder Rechtsstreitigkeit, in der 
der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, 
seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen 
im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage 
zu schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt 
eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank bei, bei der er 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, 
welche: 
(a) den 
vollständigen 
Namen 
und 
die 
vollständige 
Adresse 
des 
Gläubigers 
enthält; 
(b) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung 
auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und 
(c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem 
Clearingsystem 
eine 
schriftliche 
Erklärung 
abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) 
und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und 
(ii) er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Sammelurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit 
dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person 
des Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine 
Vorlage 
der 
Originalbelege 
oder 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Sammelurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren 
erforderlich 
wäre. 
Unbeschadet 
des 
Vorstehenden kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede 
andere Weise schützen oder geltend machen, die 
im Land der Rechtsstreitigkeit prozessual zulässig 
ist. 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any 
proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such 
Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and 
enforce in its own name its rights arising under 
such Notes on the basis of: (i) a statement issued 
by the Custodian with whom such Holder 
maintains a securities account in respect of the 
Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the 
Holder; (b) specifying the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes credited to such securities 
account on the date of such statement; and 
(c) confirming that the Custodian has given 
written notice to the Clearing System containing 
the information pursuant to (a) and (b); and (ii) a 
copy of the Global Note certified as being a true 
copy by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing 
System or a depositary of the Clearing System, 
without 
the 
need 
for 
production 
in 
such 
proceedings of the actual records or the Global 
Note representing the Notes. Each Holder may, 
without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce its rights under the Notes also in any 
other way which is admitted in the country of the 
proceedings.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
§ 12 
SPRACHE 
§ 12 
LANGUAGE 
[Falls 
die 
Emissionsbedingungen 
ausschließlich 
in 
deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
einfügen: 
Diese 
Emissionsbedingungen sind ausschließlich in der 
deutschen Sprache abgefasst.] 
 
 
[In case the Terms and Conditions are written 
in the English language only, insert: These 
Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language only.] 
[Falls der deutschsprachige Text bindend sein 
soll und eine unverbindliche Übersetzung in 
die 
englische 
Sprache 
beigefügt 
wird, 
einfügen: Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in 
der 
deutschen 
Sprache 
abgefasst. 
Eine 
Übersetzung 
in 
die 
englische 
Sprache 
ist 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
 
 
[In case the German language text shall be 
binding and a non-binding English translation 
is provided, insert: This translation of the Terms 
and Conditions is written in the English language. 
The Terms and Conditions are provided in 
German language. The German text shall be 
binding and prevailing. The English language 
translation shall be non-binding.] 
[Falls der englischsprachige Text bindend 
sein 
soll 
und 
eine 
unverbindliche 
Übersetzung 
in 
die 
deutsche 
Sprache 
beigefügt wird, einfügen: Diese Übersetzung 
der Emissionsbedingungen ist in der deutschen 
Sprache abgefasst. Die Emissionsbedingungen 
in englischer Sprache sind beigefügt. Der 
englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung 
in 
die 
deutsche 
Sprache 
ist 
unverbindlich.] 
 
 
[In case the English language text shall be 
binding 
and 
a 
non-binding 
German 
translation is provided, insert: These Terms 
and Conditions are written in the English 
language and provided with a German language 
translation. The English text shall be binding and 
prevailing. The German language translation 
shall be non-binding.]

--- Page 231 ---
231 
OPTION IV 
OPTION IV – ELIGIBLE NOTES 
OPTION IV – EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN FÜR 
BERÜCKSICHTIGUNGSFÄHIGE 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN: 
OPTION IV – TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR 
ELIGIBLE NOTES: 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Währung, Stückelung. Diese Tranche (die 
"Tranche") 
von 
[gewöhnlichen 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Schuldverschreibungen] [nicht bevorrechtigten 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Schuldverschreibungen] 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") dieser Emission von 
[Emissionsbezeichnung einfügen] (die "Serie") 
wird von der Oberbank AG (die "Emittentin") [am 
[Begebungstag einfügen] (Einmalemission)] [ab 
dem [Erst-Begebungstag einfügen] mit offener 
Begebungsfrist (Daueremission)] in [festgelegte 
Währung 
einfügen] 
(die 
"festgelegte 
Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag von [im Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
dauernd 
angeboten und begeben werden, einfügen: bis 
zu] 
[festgelegte 
Währung 
und 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
einfügen] 
(in 
Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten einfügen]) in 
der Stückelung von [festgelegte Währung und 
festgelegte 
Stückelung 
einfügen] 
(die 
"festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
(1) Currency, Denomination. This tranche (the 
"Tranche") of [ordinary senior eligible notes] 
[non-preferred senior eligible notes] (the "Notes") 
of [insert identification] (the "Series") is being 
issued by Oberbank AG (the "Issuer") [on [insert 
issue date] (single issue)] [from [insert initial 
issue date] with an open issue period (tap issue)] 
in [insert specified currency] (the "Specified 
Currency") in the aggregate principal amount of 
[in case of Notes offered and issued as tap 
issues insert: up to]  [insert specified currency 
and aggregate principal amount] (in words: 
[insert aggregate principal amount in words]) 
in 
the 
denomination 
of 
[insert 
specified 
currency and specified denomination] (the 
"Specified Denomination"). 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf 
den Inhaber. 
(2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer 
form. 
(3) Dauersammelurkunde. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauersammelurkunde 
(die 
"Dauersammelurkunde" 
oder 
die 
"Sammelurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft; 
der Zinszahlungsanspruch im Zusammenhang 
mit den Schuldverschreibungen ist durch die 
Dauersammelurkunde 
mitverbrieft. 
Die 
Dauersammelurkunde wird von ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigten 
Vertretern 
der 
Emittentin 
unterschrieben. Die Dauersammelurkunde wird 
im classical global note-Format ausgegeben. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben. 
(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are 
represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note" or the "Global Note") 
without coupons; the claim for interest payments 
under the Notes is represented by the Permanent 
Global Note. The Permanent Global Note shall be 
signed by authorised representatives of the 
Issuer. The Permanent Global Note shall be 
issued in classical global note format. Definitive 
Notes and coupons will not be issued. 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Sammelurkunde wird von 
einem oder im Namen eines Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, bis sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt 
sind. "Clearingsystem" bezeichnet [bei mehr 
als einem Clearingsystem einfügen: jeweils] 
[OeKB 
CSD 
GmbH, 
Strauchgasse 1-3, 
1010 Wien, Österreich] [,] [und] [Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A., 
Luxemburg, 
42 Avenue 
J.F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, Großherzogtum 
Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
(4) Clearing System. The Global Note will be kept 
in custody by or on behalf of a Clearing System 
until all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes 
have been satisfied. "Clearing System" means [if 
more than one Clearing System insert: each of] 
[OeKB 
CSD 
GmbH, 
Strauchgasse 1-3, 
1010 Vienna, Austria] [,] [and] [Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A., 
Luxembourg, 
42 Avenue 
J.F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels,

--- Page 232 ---
232 
1 Boulevard 
du 
Roi 
Albert II, 
1210 Brüssel, 
Belgien ("Euroclear" und zusammen mit CBL, 
die "ICSDs")] [,] [und] [anderes Clearingsystem 
angeben] und jeden Funktionsnachfolger. Die 
Sammelurkunde wird auf die Dauer der Laufzeit 
der Schuldverschreibungen beim Clearingsystem 
als Wertpapiersammelbank hinterlegt 
Belgium ("Euroclear" and, together with CBL, the 
"ICSDs")] [,] [and] [specify other Clearing 
System] and any successor in such capacity. The 
Global Note is kept in custody by the Clearing 
System as central depository for securities 
(Wertpapiersammelbank) for the period of the 
Notes. 
(5) Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Gläubiger" 
bezeichnet 
jeden 
Inhaber 
von 
Miteigentumsanteilen 
oder 
anderen 
vergleichbaren Rechten an der Sammelurkunde, 
die in Übereinstimmung mit den Bestimmungen 
des Clearingsystems auf einen neuen Gläubiger 
übertragen werden können. 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of 
a proportionate co-ownership or other comparable 
right in the Global Note which may be transferred 
to a new Holder in accordance with the provisions 
of the Clearing System.  
(6) Geschäftstag. 
"Geschäftstag" 
bezeichnet 
einen Kalendertag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), 
an 
dem 
Geschäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte in Linz, Österreich, Zahlungen 
abwickeln 
und 
für 
den 
allgemeinen 
Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich des Handels in 
Devisen und Fremdwährungseinlagen) geöffnet 
sind und das Trans-European Automated Real-
time 
Gross 
Settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
System 2 
oder 
dessen 
Nachfolgesystem 
("TARGET") geöffnet ist. 
(6) Business Day. "Business Day" means a 
calendar day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in Linz, Austria, 
and the Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2 or 
its successor ("TARGET") is open. 
§ 2 
STATUS 
§ 2 
STATUS 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen sollen 
Instrumente 
Berücksichtigungsfähiger 
Verbindlichkeiten begründen (wie nachstehend 
definiert). 
(1) Status. The Notes shall qualify as Eligible 
Liabilities Instruments (as defined below). 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Gewöhnlichen 
Nicht 
Nachrangigen 
Berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Schuldverschreibungen, einfügen: 
[In case of Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes, 
insert: 
Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen direkte, 
nicht 
besicherte 
und 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die in einem 
regulären Insolvenzverfahren (Konkursverfahren) 
oder einer oder Liquidation der Emittentin 
untereinander und mit allen anderen nicht 
besicherten und nicht nachrangigen Instrumenten 
oder Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig 
sind mit Ausnahme von Instrumenten oder 
Verbindlichkeiten, 
die 
nach 
geltenden 
Rechtsvorschriften vorrangig oder nachrangig 
sind.] 
The obligations under the Notes constitute direct, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer ranking in the event of normal insolvency 
proceedings 
(bankruptcy 
proceedings) 
or 
liquidation of the Issuer pari passu among 
themselves and pari passu with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated instruments or 
obligations 
of 
the 
Issuer 
except 
for 
any 
instruments 
or 
obligations 
preferred 
or 
subordinated by law.] 
[Im Fall von Nicht Bevorrechtigten Nicht 
Nachrangigen 
Berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
[In the case of Non-Preferred Senior Eligible 
Notes, insert: 
Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen direkte, 
unbesicherte 
und 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, jedoch mit der 
Maßgabe, dass sie nicht bevorrechtigte nicht-
nachrangige 
(non-preferred 
senior) 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus Schuldtiteln 
sind, die die Voraussetzungen für Schuldtitel 
gemäß § 131 Abs 3 Z 1 bis 3 BaSAG erfüllen. 
The Notes constitute direct, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, provided 
that they are non-preferred senior obligations of 
the Issuer under debt instruments which meet the 
criteria 
for 
debt 
instruments 
pursuant 
to 
§ 131(3)(1) to (3) BaSAG.

--- Page 233 ---
233 
Daher 
sind 
in 
einem 
regulären 
Insolvenzverfahren 
(Konkursverfahren) 
der 
Emittentin Ansprüche auf den Kapitalbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen: 
Therefore, in the event of normal insolvency 
proceedings (bankruptcy proceedings) of the 
Issuer, claims on the principal amount of the 
Notes rank: 
(a) 
nachrangig 
gegenüber 
allen 
anderen 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
unbesicherten und nicht nachrangigen 
Instrumenten oder Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin, die nicht die Voraussetzungen 
gemäß § 131 Abs 3 Z 1 bis 3 BaSAG 
erfüllen; 
(a) 
junior to all other present or future 
unsecured and unsubordinated instruments 
or obligations of the Issuer which do not 
meet the criteria pursuant to § 131(3)(1) to 
(3) BaSAG; 
(b) 
gleichrangig: (i) untereinander; und (ii) mit 
allen 
anderen 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
nicht-bevorrechtigten 
nicht-
nachrangigen 
Instrumenten 
oder 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die die 
Voraussetzungen für Schuldtitel gemäß 
§ 131 Abs 3 Z 1 bis 3 BaSAG erfüllen 
(ausgenommen 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Instrumente oder Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin, die vorrangig oder nachrangig 
gegenüber 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind oder diesen gegenüber als vorrangig 
oder nachrangig bezeichnet werden); und 
(b) 
pari passu: (i) among themselves; and 
(ii) with all other present or future non-
preferred senior instruments or obligations 
of the Issuer which meet the criteria for 
debt instruments pursuant to § 131(3)(1) to 
(3) BaSAG (other than senior instruments 
or obligations of the Issuer ranking or 
expressed to rank senior or junior to the 
Notes); and 
(c) 
vorrangig gegenüber allen gegenwärtigen 
oder zukünftigen: (i) Stammaktien 
und 
anderen 
Instrumenten 
des 
harten 
Kernkapitals 
(Common 
Equity 
Tier 1) 
gemäß Artikel 28 CRR der Emittentin; 
(ii) Instrumenten 
des 
zusätzlichen 
Kernkapitals (Additional Tier 1) gemäß 
Artikel 52 
CRR 
der 
Emittentin; 
(iii) Instrumenten des Ergänzungskapitals 
(Tier 2) 
gemäß 
Artikel 63 
CRR 
der 
Emittentin; 
und 
(iv) allen 
anderen 
nachrangigen 
Instrumenten 
oder 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin.] 
(c) 
senior to all present or future claims under: 
(i) ordinary shares and other Common 
Equity Tier 1 instruments pursuant to 
Article 28 CRR of the Issuer; (ii) Additional 
Tier 1 instruments pursuant to Article 52 
CRR of the Issuer; (iii) Tier 2 instruments 
pursuant to Article 63 CRR of the Issuer; 
and (iv) all other subordinated instruments 
or obligations of the Issuer.] 
Wobei: 
Where: 
"BaSAG" 
bezeichnet 
das 
österreichische 
Sanierungs- 
und 
Abwicklungsgesetz 
in 
der 
jeweils 
geltenden 
Fassung, 
und 
alle 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Bedingungen auf die 
maßgeblichen 
Bestimmungen 
im 
BaSAG 
Bezugnahmen auf alle geltenden gesetzlichen 
Bestimmungen 
umfassen, 
die 
diese 
Bestimmungen von Zeit zu Zeit ändern oder 
ersetzen. 
"BaSAG" means the Austrian Recovery and 
Resolution 
Act 
(Sanierungs- 
und 
Abwicklungsgesetz), as amended from time to 
time and any references in these Conditions to 
relevant 
provisions 
of 
the 
BaSAG 
include 
references to any applicable provisions of law 
amending or replacing such provisions from time 
to time. 
"CRR" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 575/2013 des Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 26. Juni 2013 
über Aufsichtsanforderungen an Kreditinstitute 
und Wertpapierfirmen und zur Änderung der 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 648/2012 
(Capital 
Requirements 
Regulation) 
in 
der 
jeweils 
geltenden 
oder 
ersetzten 
Fassung, 
und 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
auf die maßgeblichen Artikel der CRR beinhalten 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
jede 
anwendbare 
"CRR" means the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for 
credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (Capital 
Requirements 
Regulation), 
as 
amended 
or 
replaced from time to time, and any references in 
these Conditions to relevant Articles of the CRR 
include references to any applicable provisions of 
law amending or replacing such Articles from time 
to time.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
Bestimmung, die diese Artikel jeweils ändert oder 
ersetzt. 
"Instrumente 
Berücksichtigungsfähiger 
Verbindlichkeiten" 
bezeichnet 
alle 
(direkt 
begebenen) Schuldtitel der Emittentin, die zu 
Instrumenten 
berücksichtigungsfähiger 
Verbindlichkeiten gemäß Artikel 72b CRR zählen, 
die in dem Mindestbetrag an Eigenmitteln und 
berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
(minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities – MREL) gemäß BaSAG enthalten sind, 
einschließlich aller Schuldtitel, die aufgrund von 
Übergangsbestimmungen zu den Instrumenten 
berücksichtigungsfähiger Verbindlichkeiten der 
CRR und/oder des BaSAG zählen. 
"Eligible Liabilities Instruments" means any 
(directly issued) debt instruments of the Issuer 
that qualify as eligible liabilities instruments 
pursuant to Article 72b CRR, as the case may be, 
which are included in the amount to be complied 
with for the minimum requirements for own funds 
and eligible liabilities pursuant to the BaSAG, 
including any debt instruments that qualify as 
eligible 
liabilities 
instruments 
pursuant 
to 
transitional provisions under the CRR and/or the 
BaSAG, as the case may be. 
(2) Kein(e) 
Aufrechnung/Netting. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterliegen 
keinen 
Aufrechnungs- oder Nettingvereinbarungen, die 
deren 
Verlustabsorptionsfähigkeit 
bei 
der 
Abwicklung beeinträchtigen würden. 
(2) No Set-off/Netting. The Notes are not subject 
to any set off or netting arrangements that would 
undermine their capacity to absorb losses in 
resolution. 
(3) Keine 
Sicherheiten/Garantien; 
Keine 
Verbesserung 
des 
Ranges. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht besichert oder 
Gegenstand einer Garantie oder einer anderen 
Regelung, die den Ansprüchen der Forderungen 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen einen höheren 
Rang verleiht. 
(3)  No Security/Guarantee; No Enhancement of 
Seniority. The Notes are neither secured, nor 
subject to a guarantee or any other arrangement 
that enhances the seniority of the claims under 
the Notes. 
(4) Möglichkeit 
von 
gesetzlichen 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen. Vor einer Insolvenz 
oder 
Liquidation 
der 
Emittentin 
kann 
die 
Abwicklungsbehörde gemäß den anwendbaren 
Bankenabwicklungsgesetzen 
die 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gemäß den 
Schuldverschreibungen (bis auf Null) herab-
schreiben, 
sie 
in 
Anteile 
oder 
andere 
Eigentumstitel der Emittentin umwandeln, jeweils 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise, 
oder 
andere 
Abwicklungsinstrumente 
oder 
-maßnahmen 
anwenden, einschließlich (aber nicht beschränkt 
auf) eines Aufschubs oder einer Übertragung der 
Verbindlichkeiten auf ein anderes Unternehmen, 
einer Änderung der Emissionsbedingungen oder 
einer Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen. 
(4) Possibility of statutory resolution measures. 
Prior to any insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, 
under the applicable banking resolution laws, the 
Resolution Authority may exercise the power to 
write down (including to zero) the obligations of 
the Issuer under the Notes, convert them into 
shares or other instruments of ownership of the 
Issuer, in each case in whole or in part, or apply 
any other resolution tool or action, including (but 
not limited to) any deferral or transfer of the 
obligations to another entity, an amendment of the 
Terms and Conditions or a cancellation of the 
Notes. 
Wobei: 
"Abwicklungsbehörde" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Abwicklungsbehörde 
gemäß 
Artikel 4(1)(130) 
CRR, die für eine Sanierung oder Abwicklung der 
Emittentin auf Einzel- und/oder konsolidierter 
Ebene verantwortlich ist. 
Where: 
"Resolution Authority" means the resolution 
authority pursuant to Article 4(1)(130) CRR which 
is responsible for recovery or resolution of the 
Issuer on an individual and/or consolidated basis. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit 
einem 
festen 
Zinssatz, 
Stufenzinsschuldverschreibungen, 
Schuldverschreibungen mit einem variablen 
Zinssatz, Schuldverschreibungen mit einem 
inflationsabhängigen Zinssatz, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a fixed interest rate, 
Step-up or Step-down Notes, Notes with 
floating interest rate, Notes with inflation 
linked interest rate, insert:

--- Page 235 ---
235 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit 
einem festen Zinssatz einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a fixed interest rate 
insert: 
(1) Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
ihres 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 (1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich) mit [Zinssatz einfügen]% per 
annum.] 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. 
The Notes shall bear interest on their outstanding 
aggregate principal amount at the rate of [insert 
the rate of interest] per cent. per annum from, 
and including, [insert Interest Commencement 
Date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to, 
but excluding, the Maturity Date (as defined in 
§ 5 (1)).] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Stufenzinsschuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
[In case of Step-up or Step-down Notes insert: 
(1) Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
ihres 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 (1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich) wie folgt: 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. 
The Notes shall bear interest on their outstanding 
aggregate principal amount from, and including, 
[insert Interest Commencement Date] (the 
"Interest 
Commencement 
Date") 
to, 
but 
excluding, the Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)) 
as follows: 
vom 
(einschließli
ch) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
mit 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
(einschließ-
lich 
des 
Fälligkeits-
tags 
und 
des 
Erweiterten 
Fälligkeits-
tags 
(falls 
anwendbar)
) einfügen] 
[Zinssatz 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
from, and 
including, 
to, but 
excluding, 
at the rate of 
[insert date] 
[insert date 
(including 
the Maturity 
Date 
and 
the 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date 
(if 
applicable))
] 
[insert Rate 
of 
Interest] per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
 
] 
] 
[Im Fall einer kurzen oder langen ersten oder 
letzten Zinsperiode einfügen: Mit Ausnahme 
der 
[ersten] 
[Nur 
im 
Falle 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, deren Laufzeit nicht 
verlängert werden kann, einfügen: letzten] 
Zinszahlung sind die Zinsen] [Im Fall von 
ausschließlich 
regulären 
Zinszahlungen 
einfügen: Die Zinsen sind] [im Fall von 
vierteljährlichen 
Zinszahlungen 
einfügen: 
vierteljährlich] [im Fall von halbjährlichen 
Zinszahlungen einfügen: halbjährlich] [im Fall 
von 
jährlichen 
Zinszahlungen 
einfügen: 
jährlich] nachträglich am [Zinszahlungstage 
einfügen] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar (jeweils ein 
"Zinszahlungstag"), beginnend mit dem [ersten 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen] und endend mit dem 
[letzten 
Zinszahlungstag 
einfügen]. 
Die 
Zinszahlungstage unterliegen einer Anpassung in 
Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 (3) enthaltenen 
[In case of a short or long first or last interest 
period insert: With the exception of the [first] 
[Insert only in case of Notes, whose term may 
not be extended: last] payment of interest, 
interest] [In case of Notes which have only 
regular interest payments insert: Interest] shall 
be payable [in case of quarterly interest 
payments insert: quarterly] [in case of semi-
annual interest payments insert: semi-annually] 
[in case of annual interest payments insert: 
annually] in arrear on [insert Interest Payment 
Dates] in each year (each such date, an "Interest 
Payment Date"), commencing on [insert first 
Interest Payment Date] and ending on [insert 
last Interest Payment Date]. Interest Payment 
Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the provisions set out in § 4 (3).]

--- Page 236 ---
236 
Bestimmungen.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit 
einem variablen Zinssatz einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a floating interest rate 
insert: 
(1) Zinssatz. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
ihres 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 (1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich).  
(1) Rate of Interest. The Notes shall bear interest 
on their outstanding aggregate principal amount 
from, 
and 
including, 
[insert 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest 
Commencement Date") to, but excluding, the 
Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)).  
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an 
einen 
Referenzzinssatz 
gebunden 
sind, 
einfügen: 
[In case of Notes linked to a Reference Interest 
Rate, insert: 
[Falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
Der 
Zinssatz 
(der 
"Zinssatz") 
für 
jede 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist der 
Relevante 
Referenzsatz 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) [im Fall einer Marge einfügen: 
[zuzüglich] [/] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie 
nachstehend definiert)] [im Fall eines Faktors 
einfügen: [und] multipliziert mit dem Faktor 
[Faktor einfügen]]. 
[In case interpolation applies, insert: The rate 
of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each 
Interest Period (as defined below) shall be the 
Relevant Reference Rate (as defined below) [in 
case of a Margin insert: [plus] [/] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)] [in case of a Factor 
insert: [and] multiplied by the factor [insert 
Factor]]. 
"Relevanter Referenzsatz" bezeichnet, sofern 
nachstehend 
nichts Abweichendes bestimmt 
wird, mit Bezug auf: (i) die [maßgebliche kurze 
oder lange erste oder letzte Zinsperiode 
einfügen] (die "Interpolierte Zinsperiode") den 
durch 
lineare 
Interpolation 
zwischen 
dem 
verfügbaren Referenzzinssatz (wie nachstehend 
definiert) mit der im Verhältnis zur Laufzeit der 
Interpolierten 
Zinsperiode 
nächst 
kürzeren 
Laufzeit und dem verfügbaren Referenzzinssatz 
mit 
der 
im 
Verhältnis 
zur 
Interpolierten 
Zinsperiode nächst längeren Laufzeit; und (ii) alle 
anderen Zinsperioden den [Zahl, Laufzeit und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzzinssatzes einfügen, der auf alle 
Zinsperioden 
anwendbar 
ist, 
auf 
die 
Interpolation 
nicht 
anwendbar 
ist] 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) (zusammen mit den 
Referenzzinsätzen 
für 
die 
Interpolierte 
Zinsperiode die "Referenzzinssätze" und je ein 
"Referenzzinssatz"), jeweils als Prozentsatz per 
annum ausgedrückt. 
"Relevant Reference Rate" means, except as 
provided below, in respect of: (i) the [insert 
relevant short or long first or last interest 
period] (the "Interpolated Interest Period") the 
rate determined by straight-line interpolation 
between the available Reference Interest Rate (as 
defined below) with the next shorter term than the 
term of the Interpolated Interest Period and the 
available Reference Interest Rate with the next 
longer term than the term of the Interpolated 
Interest Period; and (ii) all other Interest Periods 
the [insert number, term and name of the 
relevant Reference Interest Rate which shall 
apply 
to 
all 
Interest 
Periods 
to 
which 
interpolation shall not apply] (as defined below) 
(together with the reference interest rates for the 
Interpolated Interest Period the "Reference 
Interest Rates" and each a "Reference Interest 
Rate"), in each case expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum. 
Bei dem relevanten Referenzzinssatz handelt es 
sich jeweils um den Angebotssatz für Einlagen in 
der festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die 
der Laufzeit des relevanten Referenzzinssatzes 
entspricht, der auf der Bildschirmseite (wie 
nachstehend definiert) am Feststellungstag (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
gegen 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) angezeigt 
wird, 
wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) angegeben) 
erfolgen.] 
The relevant Reference Interest Rate shall be in 
each case the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified 
Currency 
with 
a 
term, 
which 
corresponds with the term of the relevant 
Reference Interest Rate, which appears on the 
Screen Page (as defined below) as of [insert 
relevant time] ([insert relevant financial centre] 
time) on the Determination Day (as defined 
below), all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
(as specified in § 6 (1).] 
[Falls 
Interpolation 
nicht 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede 
[In case interpolation does not apply, insert: 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for

--- Page 237 ---
237 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist der 
Referenzzinssatz (wie nachstehend definiert), [im 
Fall einer Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [/] 
[abzüglich] 
der 
Marge 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert)] [im Fall eines Faktors einfügen: 
[und] multipliziert mit dem Faktor [Faktor 
einfügen]]. 
each Interest Period (as defined below) shall be 
the Reference Interest Rate (as defined below), 
[in case of a Margin insert: [plus] [/] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)] [in case of a Factor 
insert: [and] multiplied by the factor [insert 
Factor]]. 
"Referenzzinssatz" 
bezeichnet, 
sofern 
nachstehend 
nichts Abweichendes bestimmt 
wird, den [Zahl, Laufzeit und Bezeichnung des 
relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen] (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert), 
ausgedrückt 
als 
Prozentsatz per annum. 
"Reference Interest Rate" means, except as 
provided below, the [insert number, term and 
name of the relevant Reference Interest Rate] 
(as defined below), expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum. 
Bei dem [Zahl, Laufzeit und Bezeichnung des 
relevanten Referenzzinssatz einfügen] handelt 
es sich um den Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der 
festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die der 
Laufzeit des Referenzzinssatzes entspricht, der 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) am Feststellungstag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) gegen [relevante Tageszeit einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Ortszeit) angezeigt wird, wobei alle Festlegungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) 
angegeben) erfolgen.] 
The [insert number, term and name of the 
relevant Reference Interest Rate] shall be the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency 
with a term, which corresponds with the term of 
the Reference Interest Rate, which appears on 
the Screen Page (as defined below) as of [insert 
relevant time] ([insert relevant financial centre] 
time) on the Determination Day (as defined 
below), all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
(as specified in § 6 (1)).] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich nicht ändert, einfügen: 
Die "Marge" beträgt [Satz einfügen]% per 
annum.] 
[In case of Notes which have a margin which 
does not change, insert: "Margin" means 
[insert rate] per cent. per annum.] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich ändert, einfügen: Die 
"Marge" beträgt für die Zinsperiode[n] 
[in case of Notes which have a margin which 
changes, insert: "Margin" means in respect of 
the Interest Period[s] 
vom 
(einschließlic
h) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[zuzüglich] 
[/] 
[abzüglich] 
[Marge 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
] 
from, 
and 
including, 
to, 
but 
excluding, 
 
 
[insert date] 
[insert 
date] 
[plus] [/] 
[minus] 
[insert 
Margin] per 
cent. per 
annum 
] 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
jeweils 
darauf 
folgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich).  
"Interest Period" means each period from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date to, 
but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date and 
from, and including, each Interest Payment Date 
to, but excluding, the following Interest Payment 
Date.  
"Feststellungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[ersten] 
[zweiten] 
[andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen einfügen] Geschäftstag [vor 
[Beginn] [Ende]] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.  
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] 
[insert other relevant number of Business 
Days] 
Business 
Day 
[prior 
to 
the 
[commencement] [end]] of the relevant Interest 
Period.  
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
oder 
die 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen 
Page] or the successor page displayed by the

--- Page 238 ---
238 
Nachfolgeseite, 
die 
von 
dem 
gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für 
die 
Anzeige 
des 
[falls 
Interpolation 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
relevanten] 
Referenzzinssatzes benannt wird, angezeigt wird. 
same 
information 
provider 
or 
any 
other 
information provider nominated by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement information provider for 
the 
purposes 
of 
displaying 
the 
[in 
case 
interpolation 
applies, 
insert: 
relevant] 
Reference Interest Rate. 
Sollte 
die 
Bildschirmseite 
nicht 
mehr 
zur 
Verfügung 
stehen, 
oder 
wird 
der 
[falls 
Interpolation 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
relevante] Referenzzinssatz zu der genannten 
Zeit am relevanten Feststellungstag nicht auf der 
Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt, 
wird 
die 
Berechnungsstelle von jeder der Referenzbanken 
(wie nachstehend definiert) deren jeweiligen Satz 
(jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt) 
anfordern, 
zu 
dem 
sie 
Einlagen 
in 
der 
festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die der 
Laufzeit des [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
relevanten] 
Referenzzinssatzes 
entspricht, 
um 
ca 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Ortszeit) 
am 
Feststellungstag 
anbieten. 
If the Screen Page is unavailable or if the [in case 
interpolation 
applies, 
insert: 
relevant] 
Reference Interest Rate does not appear on the 
Screen Page as at such time on the relevant 
Determination Day, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
at which it offers deposits in the Specified 
Currency with a term, which corresponds with the 
term of the [in case interpolation applies, 
insert: relevant] Reference Interest Rate, at 
approximately [insert relevant time] ([insert 
relevant 
financial 
centre] 
time) 
on 
the 
Determination Day. 
Falls zwei oder mehr Referenzbanken der 
Berechnungsstelle solche Sätze nennen, gilt als 
[falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
relevanter] Referenzzinssatz für die relevante 
Zinsperiode 
das 
arithmetische 
Mittel 
(falls 
erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das 
nächste [falls der Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR 
ist, 
einfügen: 
Tausendstel 
Prozent, 
wobei 
0,0005 
aufgerundet 
wird] 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz 
nicht 
EURIBOR 
ist, 
einfügen: Hunderttausendstel Prozent, wobei 
0,000005 aufgerundet wird]) dieser Sätze, wobei 
alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle 
erfolgen. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such rates, the [in case 
interpolation 
applies, 
insert: 
relevant] 
Reference Interest Rate for such Interest Period 
shall be deemed to be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest [if the 
Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR insert: 
one thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005 
being rounded upwards] [if the Reference 
Interest Rate is not EURIBOR insert: one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards]) of such rates, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Für den Fall, dass der [falls Interpolation 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
relevante] 
Referenzzinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes ermittelt werden 
kann, gilt als [falls Interpolation anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: relevante] Referenzzinssatz für die 
relevante 
Zinsperiode 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
gemäß 
ihrem 
billigen 
Ermessen bestimmte Satz; bei der Bestimmung 
dieses Satzes richtet sich die Berechnungsstelle 
nach der üblichen Marktpraxis. 
If the [in case interpolation applies, insert: 
relevant] Reference Interest Rate cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the [in case 
interpolation 
applies, 
insert: 
relevant]  
Reference Interest Rate for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be deemed to be the rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion; the Calculation Agent shall take 
general market practice into account when 
determining such rate. 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet [relevante Zahl 
einfügen] 
Großbanken 
im 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz nicht der EURIBOR Ist 
einfügen: 
[relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen]] 
Interbankenmarkt 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR ist, einfügen: der 
Euro-Zone oder im Londoner Interbankenmarkt]. 
"Reference Banks" means [insert relevant 
number] major banks in the [if the Reference 
Interest Rate is not EURIBOR insert: [insert 
relevant financial centre]] interbank market [if 
the Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR 
insert: of the Euro-zone or in the London 
interbank market].  
[Falls der Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR ist, 
einfügen: "Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet 
derjenigen Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen 
[If the Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR 
insert: "Euro-zone" means the region comprised 
of those member states of the European Union

--- Page 239 ---
239 
Union, die gemäß dem Vertrag über die 
Gründung 
der 
Europäischen 
Gemeinschaft 
(unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 1957), 
geändert durch den Vertrag über die Europäische 
Union (unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 
1992), den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 
1997 und den Vertrag von Lissabon vom 
13. Dezember 
2007, 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, die einheitliche Währung eingeführt 
haben oder jeweils eingeführt haben werden.]] 
that have adopted, or will have adopted from time 
to time, the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam 
Treaty of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon 
of 13 December 2007, as further amended from 
time to time.]] 
[Ende 
der 
Bestimmungen 
für 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
an 
einen 
Referenzzinssatz gebunden sind] 
[End of provisions for Notes linked to a 
Reference Interest Rate] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an 
einen Referenzsatz gebunden sind, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes linked to a Reference Rate 
insert: 
Der 
Zinssatz 
(der 
"Zinssatz") 
für 
jede 
Zinsperiode 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
ist 
[Zahl, Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzsatzes 
einfügen] 
per 
annum (der "Referenzsatz") [im Fall einer 
Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [/] [abzüglich] der 
Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)] [falls ein 
Faktor 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
[und] 
multipliziert mit dem Faktor [Faktor einfügen]]. 
Bei dem Referenzsatz handelt es sich um den 
Swap-Satz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per 
annum) 
für 
Swap-Transaktionen 
in 
der 
festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit von 
[relevanten Zeitraum einfügen], der auf der 
Bildschirmseite (wie nachstehend definiert) am 
Feststellungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
gegen [relevante Tageszeit einfügen] Uhr 
([relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) 
angezeigt wird, wobei alle Festlegungen durch 
die Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) angegeben) 
erfolgen. 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for 
each Interest Period (as defined below) shall be 
[insert number, term and name of relevant 
Reference Rate] per annum (the "Reference 
Rate") [in case of a Margin insert: [plus] [/] 
[minus] the Margin (as defined below)] [in case a 
Factor shall be applicable, insert: [and] 
multiplied by the factor [insert Factor]]. Such 
Reference Rate shall be the swap rate (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum) for swap 
transactions in the Specified Currency with a term 
of [insert relevant term] which appears on the 
Screen Page (as defined below) as of [insert 
relevant time] ([insert relevant financial centre] 
time) on the Determination Day (as defined 
below), all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
(as specified in § 6 (1)). 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich nicht ändert, einfügen: 
Die "Marge" beträgt [Satz einfügen]% per 
annum.] 
[In case of Notes which have a margin which 
does not change, insert: "Margin" means 
[insert rate] per cent. per annum.] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich ändert, einfügen: Die 
"Marge" beträgt für die Zinsperiode[n] 
[in case of Notes which have a margin which 
changes, insert: "Margin" means in respect of 
the Interest Period[s] 
vom 
(einschließ-
lich) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[zuzüglich] 
[/] 
[abzüglich] 
[Marge 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
] 
from, 
and 
including, 
to, 
but 
excluding, 
 
 
[insert date] 
[insert 
date] 
[plus] [/] 
[minus] 
[insert 
Margin] per 
cent. per 
annum 
] 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw von 
"Interest Period" means each period from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date to, 
but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date and

--- Page 240 ---
240 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
jeweils 
darauf 
folgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich).  
from, and including, each Interest Payment Date 
to, but excluding, the following Interest Payment 
Date.  
"Feststellungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[ersten] 
[zweiten] 
[andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen einfügen] Geschäftstag (wie in 
§ 1 (6) definiert) [vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode. 
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] 
[insert other relevant number of Business 
Days] Business Day (as defined in § 1 (6)) [prior 
to the [commencement] [end]] of the relevant 
Interest Period.  
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
oder 
die 
Nachfolgeseite, 
die 
von 
dem 
gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des Referenzsatzes benannt wird, 
angezeigt wird. 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen 
Page] or the successor page displayed by the 
same 
information 
provider 
or 
any 
other 
information provider nominated by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement information provider for 
the purposes of displaying the Reference Rate. 
Sollte 
die 
Bildschirmseite 
nicht 
mehr 
zur 
Verfügung stehen, oder wird der Referenzsatz zu 
der 
genannten 
Zeit 
am 
relevanten 
Feststellungstag nicht auf der Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt, wird die Berechnungsstelle von jeder 
der Referenzbanken (wie nachstehend definiert) 
deren 
jeweiligen 
Marktmittelkurs 
für 
den 
Swapsatz (jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum 
ausgedrückt), 
um 
ca 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Ortszeit) 
am 
Feststellungstag 
anfordern. "Marktmittelkurs für den Swapsatz" 
bezeichnet das Mittel der Geld- und Briefkurse für 
den 
festverzinslichen 
Teil 
einer 
Zinsswaptransaktion 
in 
der 
festgelegten 
Währung, bei der ein fester Zinssatz gegen einen 
variablen Zinssatz getauscht wird, wobei der 
variabel verzinsliche Teil dem [Zahl, Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzsatzes einfügen] per annum entspricht, 
der auf [relevante Bildschirmseite einfügen] 
(oder der Nachfolgeseite, die von dem gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des [Zahl, Laufzeit und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzzinssatzes einfügen] benannt wird), 
angezeigt wird.  
If the Screen Page is unavailable or if the 
Reference Rate does not appear on the Screen 
Page 
as 
at 
such 
time 
on 
the 
relevant 
Determination Day, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
mid-market 
swap 
rate 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage rate per annum) at approximately 
[insert relevant time] ([insert relevant financial 
centre] time) on the Determination Day. "Mid-
market swap rate" means the mean of the bid 
and offered rates for the fixed leg of a fixed-for-
floating rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency where the floating leg is equivalent to 
[insert number, term and relevant Reference 
Rate] per annum, which appears on [insert 
relevant screen page] (or the successor page 
displayed by the same information provider or any 
other information provider nominated by the 
Calculation Agent as the replacement information 
provider for the purposes of displaying the [insert 
number, term and relevant Reference Interest 
Rate]).  
Falls drei oder mehr Referenzbanken der 
Berechnungsstelle solche Sätze nennen, gilt als 
Referenzsatz für die relevante Zinsperiode das 
arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder 
abgerundet auf das nächste Hunderttausendstel 
Prozent, wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet wird) 
dieser Sätze, wobei der höchste Satz (oder, falls 
es mehrere gleich hohe Höchstsätze geben 
sollte, 
einer 
dieser 
Höchstsätze) 
und 
der 
niedrigste Satz (oder, falls es mehrere gleich 
niedrige Niedrigstsätze geben sollte, einer dieser 
Niedrigstsätze) unberücksichtigt bleiben, wobei 
alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle 
erfolgen. 
If three or more of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such rates, the 
Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period 
shall be deemed to be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of such rates eliminating 
the highest rate (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the highest) and the lowest rate (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
Für den Fall, dass der Referenzsatz nicht gemäß 
den 
vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
Absatzes 
ermittelt 
werden 
kann, 
gilt 
als 
Referenzsatz für die relevante Zinsperiode der 
von der Berechnungsstelle gemäß ihrem billigen 
Ermessen bestimmte Satz; bei der Bestimmung 
dieses Satzes richtet sich die Berechnungsstelle 
nach der üblichen Marktpraxis.] 
If the Reference Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Reference Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be deemed to be the rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion; the Calculation Agent shall 
take general market practice into account when 
determining such rate.] 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet [relevante Zahl 
einfügen] 
Großbanken 
im 
[falls 
der 
Referenzsatz 
kein 
Euro-Swapsatz 
ist, 
relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Interbankenmarkt [falls der Referenzsatz ein 
Euro-Swapsatz ist, einfügen: der Euro-Zone 
oder im Londoner Interbankenmarkt].  
"Reference Banks" means [insert relevant 
number] major banks in the [if the Reference 
Rate is not a Euro swap rate, insert relevant 
financial centre] interbank market [if the 
Reference Rate is a Euro swap rate, insert: of 
the Euro-zone or in the London interbank market]. 
[Falls der Referenzsatz ein Euro-Swapsatz ist, 
einfügen: "Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet 
derjenigen Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen 
Union, die gemäß dem Vertrag über die 
Gründung 
der 
Europäischen 
Gemeinschaft 
(unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 1957), 
geändert durch den Vertrag über die Europäische 
Union (unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 
1992), den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 
1997 und den Vertrag von Lissabon vom 
13. Dezember 
2007, 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, die einheitliche Währung eingeführt 
haben oder jeweils eingeführt haben werden.] 
[If the Reference Rate is a Euro swap rate, 
insert: "Euro-zone" means the region comprised 
of those member states of the European Union 
that have adopted, or will have adopted from time 
to time, the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam 
Treaty of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon 
of 13 December 2007, as further amended from 
time to time.] 
[Ende 
der 
Bestimmungen 
für 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
an 
einen 
Referenzsatz gebunden sind] 
[End of provisions for Notes linked to a 
Reference Rate] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit 
einem 
inflationsabhängigen 
Zinssatz 
einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with an inflation linked 
interest rate insert: 
(1) Zinssatz. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
ihres 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 (1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich).  
(1) Rate of Interest. The Notes shall bear interest 
on their outstanding aggregate principal amount 
from, 
and 
including, 
[insert 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest 
Commencement Date") to, but excluding, the 
Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)).  
Der 
Zinssatz 
(der 
"Zinssatz") 
für 
jede 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) wird als 
Zinssatz 
in 
Prozent 
per 
annum 
("Ian(t)") 
ausgedrückt und von der Berechnungsstelle 
gemäß folgender Formel bestimmt: 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for 
each Interest Period shall be expressed as a rate 
in per cent per annum ("Ian(t)") and calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Ian(t) = [ Min{ ] [ Max{ ] ((HVPI(t) – HVPI(t-1)) / 
HVPI(t-1)) [*100] [* Faktor] [+] [-] [Zuschlag] 
[Abschlag] [; Wert } ] [+] [-] [Marge] 
Ian(t) = [ Min{ ] [ Max{ ] (HICP(t) – HICP(t-1)) / 
HICP(t-1) [*100] [* Factor] [+] [-] [Surcharge] 
[Reduction] [;Value } ] [+] [-] [Margin] 
"HVPI(t)" bezeichnet den Stand des HVPI, wie er 
in Bezug auf [Bezugszeitraum (t) einfügen] 
veröffentlicht wird. 
"HICP(t)" means the level of the HICP that is 
published by reference to the [insert reference 
period(t)]. 
"HVPI(t-1)" bezeichnet den Stand des HVPI, der 
in Bezug auf [Bezugszeitraum (t-1) einfügen] 
veröffentlicht wird. 
"HICP(t-1)" means the level of the HICP that is 
published by reference to the [insert reference 
period(t-1)]. 
["Abschlag" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] 
["Reduction" means a defined [number] [number

--- Page 242 ---
242 
[Anzahl von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit 
[Höhe des Abschlags einfügen] festgelegt.] 
of percentage points] and has been determined 
as [Insert amount of reduction].] 
["Zuschlag" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] 
[Anzahl von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit 
[Höhe des Zuschlags einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Surcharge" means a defined [number] [number 
of percentage points] and has been determined 
as [Insert amount of surcharge].] 
["Wert" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] [Anzahl 
von Prozentpunkten], die für einen Zinssatz steht, 
und wurde mit [Höhe des Wertes einfügen] 
festgelegt.] 
["Value" means a defined [number] [number of 
percentage points] which stands for a percentage 
rate, and has been determined as [Insert amount 
of value].] 
["Faktor" 
bedeutet 
eine 
definierte 
Zahl 
(Multiplikator des Inflationszinssatzes) und wurde 
mit [Höhe des Faktors einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Factor" means a defined number (a multiplier of 
the Inflation Rate) and has been determined as 
[Insert amount of factor].] 
["Marge" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] [Anzahl 
von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit [Höhe der 
Marge einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Margin" means a defined [number] [number of 
percentage points] and has been determined as 
[Insert amount of factor].] 
"HVPI" 
oder 
"Index" 
ist 
der 
unrevidierte 
Harmonisierte 
Verbraucherpreisindex 
(ohne 
Tabak) für die Euro-Zone (wie nachstehend 
definiert), der monatlich vom Statistischen Amt 
der Europäischen Gemeinschaft (nachfolgend 
"EUROSTAT" oder "Indexsponsor" genannt) 
berechnet 
wird, 
und 
welcher 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
am 
Feststellungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) veröffentlicht wird. 
"HICP" or "Index" is the unrevised Harmonised 
Index of Consumer Prices (excluding Tobacco) for 
the Euro-Zone (as defined below), which is 
calculated on a monthly basis by the statistical 
office of the European Union (the "EUROSTAT" 
or the "Index Sponsor") and published on the 
Screen Page on the Determination Day (as 
defined below). 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
oder 
die 
Nachfolgeseite, 
die 
von 
dem 
gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des Index benannt wird, 
angezeigt wird. 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen 
Page] or the successor page displayed by the 
same 
information 
provider 
or 
any 
other 
information provider nominated by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement information provider for 
the purposes of displaying the Index. 
Falls die Bildschirmseite nicht länger existiert und 
keine offizielle Nachfolgeseite bekannt gegeben 
wird, wird die Berechnungsstelle eine alternative 
Referenz für den Index festlegen. 
If the Screen Page ceases to exist and no official 
successor page is announced, the Calculation 
Agent will determine other reference with respect 
to the Index. 
Im Fall einer Änderung eines veröffentlichten 
Indexstandes, der nach mehr als 24 Stunden 
nach der ersten Veröffentlichung erfolgt, soll in 
jedem 
Fall 
der 
zunächst 
ursprünglich 
veröffentlichte 
Indexstand 
zur 
Berechnung 
maßgeblich sein. 
In case of any amendment of the published index 
level 24 hours after the first publication, the index 
level published first shall, in any case, be 
applicable to the calculation. 
Wird der Index nicht mehr vom Indexsponsor, 
sondern von einer anderen Person, Gesellschaft 
oder Institution, die die Berechnungsstelle für 
geeignet 
hält 
(der 
"Nachfolgesponsor") 
berechnet 
und 
veröffentlicht, 
so 
wird 
der 
anwendbare Zinssatz auf der Grundlage des vom 
Nachfolgesponsor 
berechneten 
und 
veröffentlichten 
Index 
berechnet. 
Jede 
hier 
enthaltene Bezugnahme auf den Indexsponsor 
gilt, sofern es der Zusammenhang erlaubt, als 
Bezugnahme auf den Nachfolgesponsor. 
If the Index is not calculated and published by the 
Index Sponsor any more but by another person, 
corporation or institution, which the Calculation 
Agent 
considers 
suitable 
(the 
"Successor 
Sponsor"), the applicable Rate of Interest shall 
be calculated on the basis of the Index calculated 
and published by the Successor Sponsor. Any 
reference to Index Sponsor contained herein, 
shall, in this context, be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Sponsor. 
Wird der Index zu irgendeiner Zeit aufgehoben 
und/oder durch einen anderen Index ersetzt, legt 
die Berechnungsstelle nach billigem Ermessen 
If at any time the Index is cancelled and/or 
replaced by any other index, the Calculation 
Agent 
shall, 
at 
its 
reasonable 
discretion,

--- Page 243 ---
243 
fest, welcher Index künftig für die Berechnung 
des anwendbaren Zinssatzes zugrunde zu legen 
ist (der "Nachfolgeindex"). Der Nachfolgeindex 
sowie 
der 
Zeitpunkt 
seiner 
erstmaligen 
Anwendung werden so bald wie möglich jedoch 
keinesfalls später als am Zinsenfestlegungstag 
bekannt 
gemacht. 
Jede 
hier 
enthaltene 
Bezugnahme auf den Index gilt, sofern es der 
Zusammenhang erlaubt, als Bezugnahme auf 
den Nachfolgeindex. 
determine 
the 
Index 
which 
the 
following 
calculation of the applicable Rate of Interest will 
be based on (the "Successor Index"). The 
Successor Index and the time of its first 
application will be announced as soon as possible 
but not later than on the Determination Date. Any 
reference to the Index contained herein, shall, in 
this context, be deemed to refer to the Successor 
Index. 
Ist nach Ansicht der Berechnungsstelle: (i) die 
Festlegung eines Nachfolgeindex aus welchen 
Gründen 
auch 
immer 
nicht 
möglich; 
oder 
(ii) nimmt der Indexsponsor eine wesentliche 
Veränderung 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Berechnungsmethode zur Bestimmung des Index 
vor oder verändert der Indexsponsor den Index 
auf irgendeine andere Weise wesentlich, wird die 
Berechnungsstelle 
die 
Weiterrechnung 
und 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Indexstandes 
unter 
Berücksichtigung des Grundsatzes von Treu und 
Glauben und in wirtschaftlich vernünftiger Art und 
Weise durchführen. 
If according to the Calculation Agent’s opinion: 
(i) the determination of the Successor Index is, for 
whatever reason, not possible; or (ii) the Index 
Sponsor significantly changes the method of 
calculating the Index or the Index Sponsor 
significantly changes the Index in any other way, 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
shall 
make 
further 
calculations and publications of the index level 
acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
"Euro Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen Union, die 
gemäß dem Vertrag über die Gründung der 
Europäischen Gemeinschaft (unterzeichnet in 
Rom am 25. März 1957), geändert durch den 
Vertrag 
über 
die 
Europäische 
Union 
(unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 1992) 
und dem Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 
1997, 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, 
eine 
einheitliche Währung eingeführt haben oder 
jeweils eingeführt haben werden. 
"Euro-Zone" means the area of the member 
states of the European Union which have adopted 
or will adopt a single currency pursuant to the 
Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed on 25 March 1957 in Rome), as amended 
by the Treaty on the European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992) and pursuant to 
the Amsterdam Treaty of 2 October 1997, as 
amended from time to time. 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum 
jeweils 
darauf 
folgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich).  
"Interest Period" means each period from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date to, 
but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date and 
from, and including, each Interest Payment Date 
to, but excluding, the following Interest Payment 
Date.  
"Feststellungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[ersten] 
[zweiten] 
[andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen einfügen] Geschäftstag (wie in 
§ 1 (6) definiert) [vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode.] 
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] 
[insert other relevant number of Business 
Days] Business Day (as defined in § 1 (6)) [prior 
to the [commencement] [end]] of the relevant 
Interest Period.] 
[Ende 
der 
Bestimmungen 
für 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
einem 
inflationsabhängigen Zinssatz] 
[End of provisions for Notes with an inflation 
linked interest rate] 
[Falls 
bei 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
variablem Zinssatz ein Mindest- und/oder ein 
Höchstzinssatz gilt, einfügen: 
[If in case of Notes with a floating interest rate, 
a Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
applies, insert: 
(2) [Mindest-] [und] [Höchst-] [und] [Memory-] 
Zinssatz. 
(2) [Minimum] [and] [Maximum] [and] [Memory] 
Rate of Interest. 
[Falls ein Mindestzinssatz gilt, einfügen: Wenn 
der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz niedriger ist als 
[Mindestzinssatz einfügen]% per annum, so ist 
[If Minimum Rate of Interest applies, insert: If 
the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is less than [insert Minimum Rate of

--- Page 244 ---
244 
der 
Zinssatz 
für 
diese 
Zinsperiode 
[Mindestzinssatz einfügen]% per annum. (der 
"Mindestzinssatz")] 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibung eine Memory Floater-
Zinsstruktur aufweist, einfügen: Wenn der 
gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode (die "maßgebliche Zinsperiode") 
ermittelte Zinssatz niedriger ist als der Zinssatz 
der unmittelbar vorhergehenden Zinsperiode, so 
ist der Zinssatz für die maßgebliche Zinsperiode 
der Zinssatz der unmittelbar vorhergehenden 
Zinsperiode ("Memory Floater").] 
Interest] per cent. per annum, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be [insert Minimum 
Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum (the 
"Minimum Rate of Interest").] [in case the 
Notes 
have 
a 
Memory 
Floater 
interest 
structure, insert: If the Rate of Interest in respect 
of any Interest Period (the "relevant Interest 
Period") determined in accordance with the 
above provisions is less than the Rate of Interest 
of the immediately preceding Interest Period, the 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period 
shall be the Rate of Interest of the immediately 
preceding Interest Period ("Memory Floater").] 
[Falls 
mehrere 
Mindestzinssätze 
gelten, 
einfügen: 
Wenn 
der 
gemäß 
den 
obigen 
Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz niedriger ist als der für die maßgebliche 
Zinsperiode in nachstehender Tabelle angeführte 
Mindestzinssatz (der "Mindestzinssatz") in % 
per annum, so ist der Zinssatz für diese 
Zinsperiode dieser Mindestzinssatz.  
[If more than one Minimum Rate of Interest 
applies, insert: If the Rate of Interest in respect 
of any Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the above provisions is less than the 
minimum rate of interest as indicated in the below 
table in per cent. per annum, (the "Minimum Rate 
of Interest") the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be the Minimum Rate of Interest. 
vom 
(einschließli
ch) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
Mindest-
zinssatz 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
(einschließ-
lich 
des 
Fälligkeits-
tags 
und 
des 
Erweiterten 
Fälligkeits-
tags 
(falls 
anwendbar)
) einfügen] 
[Mindest-
zinssatz 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
from, and 
including, 
to, but 
excluding, 
Minimum 
Rate of 
[insert date] 
[insert date 
(including 
the Maturity 
Date 
and 
the 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date 
(if 
applicable))
] 
[insert 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest] per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
 
[Falls ein Höchstzinssatz gilt, einfügen: Wenn 
der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz höher ist als 
[Höchstzinssatz einfügen]% per annum, so ist 
der 
Zinssatz 
für 
diese 
Zinsperiode 
[Höchstzinssatz einfügen]% per annum.]]  
[If Maximum Rate of Interest applies insert: If 
the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is greater than [insert Maximum Rate 
of Interest] per cent. per annum, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert 
Maximum Rate of Interest] per cent. per 
annum.]]  
[Bei 
allen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
außer 
Nullkupon Schuldverschreibungen, einfügen: 
[Insert for all Notes other than Zero Coupon 
Notes: 
([2/3]) Zinszahlungstage. 
([2/3]) Interest Payment Dates. 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind im 
Nachhinein an jedem Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
"Zinszahlungstag" bedeutet jeder [festgelegte 
Zinszahlungstage einfügen], beginnend mit 
dem [ersten Zinszahlungstag einfügen]. 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date. "Interest Payment 
Date" means each [insert specified Interest 
Payment Dates], commencing on [insert first 
Interest Payment Date]. 
Zinszahlungstage unterliegen einer Anpassung in 
Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 (3) enthaltenen 
Bestimmungen. 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the provisions set out in 
§ 4 (3). 
([3/4]) Verzugszinsen. 
Der 
Zinslauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Ablauf des 
Kalendertages, der dem Kalendertag vorangeht, 
([3/4]) Default Interest. The Notes shall cease to 
bear interest from the expiry of the calendar day 
preceding the due date for redemption. If the

--- Page 245 ---
245 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin 
die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht 
einlöst, wird der ausstehende Gesamtnennbetrag 
der Schuldverschreibungen vom Kalendertag der 
Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Kalendertag der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) weiterhin 
in Höhe des jeweils vorgesehenen Zinssatzes 
verzinst. 
Weitergehende 
Ansprüche 
der 
Gläubiger bleiben unberührt.] 
Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, 
interest 
shall 
continue 
to 
accrue 
on 
the 
outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes from, and including, the due date for 
redemption to, but excluding, the date of actual 
redemption of the Notes at the respective rate of 
interest specified. This does not affect any 
additional rights that might be available to the 
Holders.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit 
einem fixen Zinssatz einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a fixed interest rate 
insert: 
(4) Berechnung des Zinsbetrags. Falls der auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlende Zinsbetrag 
für einen bestimmten Zeitraum von weniger oder 
mehr als einem Jahr zu berechnen ist, erfolgt die 
Berechnung des Zinsbetrags, indem der Zinssatz 
auf die festgelegte Stückelung angewendet wird, 
dieser Betrag mit dem Zinstagequotienten (wie 
nachstehend definiert) multipliziert und das 
hieraus resultierende Ergebnis auf die nächste 
Untereinheit der festgelegten Währung gerundet 
wird, wobei eine halbe Untereinheit aufgerundet 
wird oder die Rundung ansonsten gemäß der 
anwendbaren Marktkonvention erfolgt.] 
(4) Calculation of Amount of Interest. If the 
amount of interest payable under the Notes is 
required to be calculated for any period of time of 
less or more than a full year such amount of 
interest shall be calculated by applying the rate of 
interest to the Specified Denomination, multiplying 
such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction 
(as defined below), and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency, half of such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with the 
applicable market convention.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit 
einem variablen Zinssatz einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a floating interest rate 
insert: 
([4/5]) Berechnung 
des 
Zinsbetrags. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
wird 
den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Zinsbetrag 
(der "Zinsbetrag") in Bezug auf die festgelegte 
Stückelung 
für 
die 
relevante 
Zinsperiode 
berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag wird berechnet, indem 
der Zinssatz auf die festgelegte Stückelung 
angewendet 
wird, 
dieser 
Betrag 
mit 
dem 
Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend definiert) 
multipliziert und der hieraus resultierende Betrag 
auf die nächste Untereinheit der festgelegten 
Währung gerundet wird, wobei eine halbe 
Untereinheit aufgerundet wird oder die Rundung 
ansonsten 
gemäß 
der 
anwendbaren 
Marktkonvention 
erfolgt. 
Im 
Falle 
einer 
Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode 
kann der auf diese Weise berechnete Zinsbetrag 
ohne Vorankündigung nachträglich angepasst 
(oder andere geeignete Anpassungsregelungen 
getroffen) werden. 
([4/5]) Calculation of Amount of Interest. The 
Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of 
interest payable under the Notes (the "Amount of 
Interest") 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. The 
Amount of Interest shall be calculated by applying 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
to 
the 
Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction (as defined below) 
and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, with 
half of such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Each Amount of Interest so calculated 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
([5/6]) Mitteilungen 
des 
Zinssatzes. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass die 
Zinsperiode und der Zinssatz der Emittentin, 
jeder Börse, an der die Schuldverschreibungen 
zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren 
Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, 
und den Gläubigern gemäß § 10 baldmöglichst 
nach ihrer Bestimmung mitgeteilt werden. 
([5/6]) Notification of Rate of Interest. The 
Calculation Agent will cause the Interest Period 
and the Rate of Interest to be notified to the 
Issuer, any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are from time to time listed (if required by the 
rules of such stock exchange) and to the Holders 
in accordance with § 10 as soon as possible after 
their determination. 
([6/7]) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
([6/7]) Determinations Binding. All certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations,

--- Page 246 ---
246 
Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, 
Quotierungen 
und 
Entscheidungen, 
die 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke dieses § 3 
gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder eingeholt 
werden, 
sind 
(sofern 
keine 
vorsätzliche 
Pflichtverletzung, kein böser Glaube und kein 
offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, 
die Zahlstellen und die Gläubiger bindend, und, 
sofern 
keiner 
der 
vorstehend 
genannten 
Umstände vorliegt, haftet die Berechnungsstelle 
nicht gegenüber der Emittentin, den Zahlstellen 
oder den Gläubigern im Zusammenhang mit der 
Ausübung oder Nichtausübung ihrer Rechte und 
Pflichten und ihres Ermessens gemäß solchen 
Bestimmungen.]  
calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
the provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation Agent 
shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents and the Holders and, in the 
absence of the aforesaid, no liability to the Issuer, 
the Paying Agents or the Holders shall attach to 
the Calculation Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions pursuant to such provisions.] 
([5/7/8]) Zinstagequotient. 
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung eines 
Zinsbetrags auf eine Schuldverschreibung für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
([5/7/8]) Day 
Count 
Fraction. 
"Day 
Count 
Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of 
an amount of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ICMA) anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
[In case Actual/Actual (ICMA) applies, insert: 
(a) 
falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum kürzer 
ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, 
oder falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
der Feststellungsperiode entspricht, die 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch das 
Produkt 
aus: 
(x) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage in der Feststellungsperiode; 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine 
(wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr; oder 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Calculation Period ends, 
the number of calendar days in such 
Calculation Period divided by the product 
of: (x) the number of calendar days in such 
Determination Period; and (y) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified below) 
that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger 
ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, 
die Summe aus 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the 
Calculation Period ends, the sum of 
(i) 
der Anzahl der Kalendertage in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, 
in 
welcher 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
beginnt, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus: (x) der 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in der 
Feststellungsperiode; 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungstermine in 
einem Kalenderjahr; und 
(i) 
the number of calendar days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the 
Calculation Period begins divided by 
the product of: (x) the number of 
calendar days in such Determination 
Period; 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Determination Dates that would occur 
in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
der Anzahl der Kalendertage in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
nächste Feststellungsperiode fallen, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus: (x) der 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in dieser 
Feststellungsperiode; 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungstermine in 
einem Kalenderjahr. 
(ii) 
the number of calendar days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the 
product 
of: 
(x) the 
number 
of 
calendar days in such Determination 
Period; 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Determination Dates that would occur 
in one calendar year. 
"Feststellungsperiode" ist der Zeitraum von 
einem Feststellungstermin (einschließlich) bis 
"Determination Period" means the period from, 
and including, a Determination Date to, but

--- Page 247 ---
247 
zum 
nächsten 
Feststellungstermin 
(ausschließlich); dies schließt dann, wenn der 
Verzinsungsbeginn kein Feststellungstermin ist, 
den 
Zeitraum 
ein, 
der 
an 
dem 
ersten 
Feststellungstermin vor dem Verzinsungsbeginn 
anfängt, 
und 
dann, 
wenn 
der 
letzte 
Zinszahlungstag kein Feststellungstermin ist, den 
Zeitraum 
ein, 
der 
an 
dem 
ersten 
Feststellungstermin 
nach 
dem 
letzten 
Zinszahlungstag endet. 
excluding, the next Determination Date (including, 
where the Interest Commencement Date is not a 
Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to the Interest 
Commencement Date, and where the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination 
Date, the first Determination Date falling after the 
final Interest Payment Date, as the case may be). 
Die 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine 
im 
Kalenderjahr (jeweils ein "Feststellungstermin") 
beträgt 
[Anzahl 
der 
regulären 
Zinszahlungstage im Kalenderjahr einfügen].] 
The number of interest determination dates per 
calendar year (each a "Determination Date") is 
[insert number of regular interest payment 
dates per calendar year].] 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ISDA) anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, 
die Summe aus: 
[In case Actual/Actual (ISDA) applies, insert: 
the actual number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
calculation portion of that Calculation Period falls 
in a leap year, the sum of: 
(a) 
der 
tatsächlichen 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
in 
dem 
Teil 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
die 
in 
das 
Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 366; und 
(a) 
the actual number of calendar days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366; and 
(b) 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Kalendertagen 
in 
dem 
Teil 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die nicht in ein 
Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 365).] 
(b) 
the actual number of calendar days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365).] 
[Falls 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 365.] 
[In case Actual/365 (Fixed) applies, insert: the 
actual number of calendar days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.] 
[Falls Actual/360 anwendbar ist, einfügen: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[In case Actual/360 applies, insert: the actual 
number of calendar days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360.] 
[Falls 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert 
durch 360, 
wobei 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres 
von 360 Kalendertagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 
30 Kalendertagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn: 
[In case 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
applies, insert: the number of calendar days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number 
of calendar days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 calendar days with twelve 30-calendar 
day months (unless: 
(a) 
der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 
31. Kalendertag eines Monats, während 
der 
erste 
Kalendertag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 
30. noch auf den 31. Kalendertag eines 
Monats fällt, wobei in diesem Fall der den 
letzten Kalendertag enthaltende Monat 
nicht als ein auf 30 Kalendertage gekürzter 
Monat zu behandeln ist; oder 
(a) 
the last calendar day of the Calculation 
Period is the 31st calendar day of a month 
but the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period is a calendar day other than the 30th 
or 31st calendar day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last 
calendar day shall not be considered to be 
shortened to a 30-calendar day month; or 
(b) 
der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 
letzten Kalendertag des Monats Februar, 
wobei in diesem Fall der Monat Februar 
nicht 
als 
ein 
auf 
30 Kalendertage 
(b) 
the last calendar day of the Calculation 
Period is the last calendar day of the month 
of February in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be

--- Page 248 ---
248 
verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
lengthened to a 30-calendar day month).] 
[Falls 
30E/360 
oder 
Eurobond 
Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert 
durch 360 
(wobei 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres 
von 360 Kalendertagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 
30 Kalendertagen zu ermitteln ist, und zwar ohne 
Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten 
Kalendertages 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei denn, der 
Fälligkeitstag 
ist, 
im 
Fall 
des 
letzten 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
der 
letzte 
Kalendertag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln ist). 
[In case 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis applies, 
insert: the number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of 
calendar days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 calendar days with twelve 30-calendar 
day months, without regard to the date of the first 
calendar day or last calendar day of the 
Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last 
calendar day of the month of February, in which 
case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-calendar day 
month). 
[Bei 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
Referenz[zins]satz, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a Reference [Interest] 
Rate, insert: 
([8/9]) Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz. Im Fall eines 
Benchmark-Ereignisses 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert): (i) bemüht sich die Emittentin im 
angemessenen Umfang einen Unabhängigen 
Berater zu ernennen, um im billigen Ermessen 
des Unabhängigen Beraters (in Abstimmung mit 
der Berechnungsstelle und in gutem Glauben und 
auf 
eine 
wirtschaftlich 
vernünftige 
Weise 
handelnd (das "Ersetzungsziel")) einen Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz zu bestimmen, der an die 
Stelle des vom Benchmark-Ereignis betroffenen 
ursprünglichen Referenz[zins]satzes tritt; oder 
(ii) falls der Unabhängige Berater von der 
Emittentin 
nicht 
ernannt 
wird 
oder 
nicht 
zeitgerecht ernannt werden kann oder falls ein 
Unabhängiger Berater von der Emittentin ernannt 
wird, 
aber 
dieser 
keinen 
Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz bestimmt, dann kann die 
Emittentin 
(unter 
Berücksichtigung 
des 
Ersetzungsziels) bestimmen, welcher Satz (falls 
überhaupt) 
den 
vom 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
betroffenen ursprünglichen Referenz[zins]satz 
ersetzt hat. Ein Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz gilt ab 
dem vom Unabhängigen Berater oder von der 
Emittentin (je nachdem) im billigen Ermessen 
bestimmten 
Feststellungstag 
(einschließlich), 
frühestens jedoch ab dem Feststellungstag, der 
mit dem Benchmark-Ereignis zusammenfällt oder 
auf dieses folgt, erstmals mit Wirkung für die 
Zinsperiode, für die an diesem Feststellungstag 
der Zinssatz festgelegt wird. Der "Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz" ist ein Satz (ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz per annum), der sich aus einem vom 
Unabhängigen Berater oder von der Emittentin (je 
nachdem) im billigen Ermessen festgelegten 
Alternativ-Referenz[zins]satz 
(der 
"Alternativ-
Referenz[zins]satz"), der von einem Dritten 
bereitgestellt wird und der alle anwendbaren 
rechtlichen Voraussetzungen erfüllt, um ihn zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen zu verwenden, mit 
([8/9]) Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate. In the 
event of a Benchmark Event: (i) the Issuer shall 
use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent 
Advisor 
to 
determine 
in 
the 
Independent Advisor's reasonable discretion (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent and acting 
in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner 
(the 
"Substitution 
Objective")) 
a 
Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate which shall 
replace the original Reference [Interest] Rate 
affected by the Benchmark Event; or (ii) if no 
Independent Advisor is or can be timely appointed 
by the Issuer or if an Independent Advisor is 
appointed by the Issuer, but fails to determine a 
Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate, then the 
Issuer 
(in 
consideration 
of 
the 
Substitute 
Objective) may determine which (if any) rate has 
replaced the original Reference [Interest] Rate 
affected by the Benchmark Event. Any Substitute 
Reference [Interest] Rate shall apply from (and 
including) the Determination Day determined by 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) in its due discretion, which shall be 
no earlier than the Determination Day falling on or 
immediately following the date of the Benchmark 
Event, with first effect for the Interest Period for 
which the Rate of Interest is determined on such 
Determination Day. The "Substitute Reference 
[Interest] Rate" shall be a rate (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) which corresponds to 
an alternative reference [interest] rate (the 
"Alternative 
Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate") 
provided by a third party and meeting any 
applicable legal requirements for being used for 
determining the payment obligations under the 
Notes determined by the Independent Advisor or 
the Issuer (as the case may be) in its due 
discretion, 
as 
modified 
by 
applying 
the 
adjustments, which in accordance with the 
Generally Accepted Market Practice, an Official 
Substitution Concept or an Industry Solution (if

--- Page 249 ---
249 
den vom Unabhängigen Berater oder von der 
Emittentin (je nachdem) im billigen Ermessen 
gegebenenfalls bestimmten Anpassungen, die in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
einer 
Allgemein 
Akzeptierten 
Marktpraxis, 
einem 
Amtlichen 
Ersetzungskonzept oder einer Branchenlösung 
gegebenenfalls empfohlen werden, (zB in Form 
von Auf- oder Abschlägen) ergibt. 
any) are recommended, (e.g. in the form of 
premiums or discounts), if any, that may be 
determined by the Independent Advisor or the 
Issuer (as the case may be) in its due discretion. 
Unbeschadet 
der 
Allgemeingültigkeit 
des 
Vorstehenden wird der Unabhängige Berater 
oder die Emittentin (je nachdem) insbesondere, 
aber 
ohne 
Beschränkung, 
ein 
Amtliches 
Ersetzungskonzept, eine Branchenlösung oder 
eine 
Allgemein 
Akzeptierte 
Marktpraxis 
berücksichtigen. 
Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be)  shall in particular, but without 
limitation take into consideration an Official 
Substitution Concept, an Industry Solution or a 
Generally Accepted Market Practice. 
Bestimmt der Unabhängige Berater oder die 
Emittentin 
(je 
nachdem) 
einen 
Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz, 
so 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt,  nach billigem Ermessen diejenigen 
Änderungen 
in 
den 
verfahrensmäßigen  
Festlegungen in Bezug auf die Bestimmung des 
aktuellen 
Ersatz- 
Referenz[zins]satzes 
(zB 
Feststellungstag, 
maßgebliche 
Uhrzeit, 
maßgebliche Bildschirmseite für den Bezug des 
Alternativ-Referenz[zins]satzes 
sowie 
Ausfallbestimmungen 
für 
den 
Fall 
der 
Nichtverfügbarkeit 
der 
maßgeblichen 
Bildschirmseite) und diejenigen Anpassungen an 
die Definition von "Geschäftstag" in § 1 (6) und 
die Bestimmungen zur Geschäftstagekonvention 
in § 4 (3) vorzunehmen, die in Übereinstimmung 
mit der Allgemein Akzeptierten Marktpraxis, dem 
Amtlichen 
Ersetzungskonzept 
oder 
der 
Branchenlösung erforderlich oder zweckmäßig 
sind, um die Ersetzung des Referenz[zins]satzes 
durch den Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz praktisch 
durchführbar zu machen. 
If the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) determines a Substitute Reference 
[Interest] Rate, it shall also be entitled to make, in 
its due discretion, any such adjustments to the 
procedural 
determinations 
relating 
to 
the 
determination of the current Substitute Reference 
[Interest] Rate (e.g. the determination day, the 
relevant time, the relevant screen page for 
obtaining the Alternative Reference [Interest] 
Rate and the fallback provisions in the event that 
the relevant screen page is not available) and to 
make such adjustments to the definition of 
"Business Day" in § 1 (6) and the business day 
convention 
provisions 
in 
§ 4 (3) 
which 
in 
accordance with the Generally Accepted Market 
Practice, the Official Substitution Concept or the 
Industry Solution are necessary or expedient to 
make the substitution of the Reference [Interest] 
Rate by the Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate 
operative. 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" bezeichnet: 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) den 
Fall, 
dass 
die 
regelmäßige 
Veröffentlichung des Referenz[zins]satzes (oder 
maßgeblicher Bestandteile davon) eingestellt wird 
oder der Referenz[zins]satz (oder maßgebliche 
Bestandteile davon) ganz wegfällt; oder 
(a) the case that the Reference [Interest] Rate (or 
any component part thereof) ceases to be 
published on a regular basis or ceases to exist; or 
(b) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
des 
Administrators des Referenz[zins]satzes oder der 
für den Administrator des Referenz[zins]satzes 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
dass 
(i) 
die 
Ermittlung, Bereitstellung oder Bekanntgabe des 
Referenz[zins]satzes 
dauerhaft 
oder 
auf 
unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt worden ist oder 
eingestellt werden wird, ohne dass ein Nachfolge-
Administrator 
existiert, 
oder 
(ii) 
der 
Referenz[zins]satz 
aus 
sonstigen 
Gründen 
dauerhaft und endgültigen wegfällt; oder 
(b) a public statement by the administrator or the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate, 
that 
(i) 
the 
determination, 
provision or publication of the Reference [Interest] 
Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued in circumstances where 
no successor administrator exists, or (ii) the 
Reference [Interest] Rate permanently or finally 
ceases to exist for other reasons; or 
(c) eine wesentliche Änderung der Methode zur 
Ermittlung 
oder 
Berechnung 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes im Vergleich zu derjenigen 
Methode, 
die 
bei 
Begebung 
der 
(c) a material change in the methodology of 
determining or calculating the Reference [Interest] 
Rate as compared to the methodology used at the 
time of the issuance of the Notes, or a public

--- Page 250 ---
250 
Schuldverschreibungen zur Anwendung kam, 
oder eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung des 
Administrators des Referenz[zins]satzes oder der 
für den Administrator des  Referenz[zins]satzes 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
dass 
eine 
wesentliche 
Änderung 
der 
Methode 
zur 
Ermittlung 
oder 
Berechnung 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes im Vergleich zu derjenigen 
Methode, 
die 
bei 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zur Anwendung kam, 
eingetreten ist oder eintreten wird, was dazu führt 
oder führen wird, dass der gemäß der neuen 
Methode berechnete Referenz[zins]satz nicht 
mehr den Referenz[zins]satz repräsentiert oder 
repräsentieren 
wird 
oder 
zu 
repräsentieren 
geeignet ist oder geeignet sein wird oder aus 
sonstigen 
Gründen 
seinem 
wirtschaftlichen 
Gehalt 
nach 
nicht 
mehr 
mit 
dem 
Referenz[zins]satz vergleichbar ist, der mit der 
bei Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen zur 
Anwendung gekommenen Methode ermittelt oder 
berechnet wurde; oder 
statement by the administrator of the Reference 
[Interest] Rate or by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Reference [Interest] Rate that 
a material change in the methodology of 
determining or calculating the Reference [Interest] 
Rate as compared to the methodology used at the 
time of the issuance of the Notes, has occurred or 
will occur which results or will result in the 
Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate, 
calculated 
in 
accordance with the new methodology, no longer 
representing, 
or 
being 
apt 
to 
represent 
adequately, the Reference [Interest] Rate or in 
terms of economic substance no longer being 
comparable to the Reference [Interest] Rate 
determined or calculated in accordance with the 
methodology used at the time of the issuance of 
the Notes; or 
(d) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung durch die 
für den Administrator des Referenz[zins]satzes 
zuständige 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
dass 
der 
Referenz[zins]satz für den zugrundeliegenden 
Markt oder die wirtschaftliche Realität dauerhaft 
und unabänderlich nicht mehr repräsentativ ist; 
oder 
(d) a public statement is made by the supervisor 
of the administrator of the Reference [Interest] 
Rate that the Reference [Interest] Rate is no 
longer representative of an underlying market or 
economic reality on a permanent and irremediable 
basis; or 
(e) die Anwendbarkeit eines Gesetzes oder einer 
sonstigen 
Rechtsvorschrift 
oder 
einer 
behördlichen 
oder 
gerichtlichen 
Anordnung, 
Verfügung 
oder 
sonstigen 
verbindlichen 
Maßnahme, die unmittelbar dazu führt, dass der 
Referenz[zins]satz nicht mehr als Referenzsatz 
zur Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
unter den Schuldverschreibungen verwendet 
werden darf oder nach der eine derartige 
Verwendung 
nicht 
nur 
unwesentlichen 
Beschränkungen 
oder 
nachteiligen 
Folgen 
unterliegt. 
(e) the applicability of any law or any other legal 
provision, or of any administrative or judicial 
order, decree or other binding measure, pursuant 
to which the Reference [Interest] Rate may no 
longer be used as a reference rate to determine 
the payment obligations under the Notes, or 
pursuant to which any such use is subject to not 
only 
immaterial 
restrictions 
or 
adverse 
consequences. 
"Amtliches 
Ersetzungskonzept" 
bezeichnet 
eine verbindliche oder unverbindliche öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung von (i) der EU-Kommission 
oder 
eines 
EU-Mitgliedstaates 
unter 
Berücksichtigung 
der 
Empfehlung 
einer 
Arbeitsgruppe für alternative Referenzzinssätze, 
die unter der Schirmherrschaft der Zentralbank 
tätig ist, die für die Währung zuständig ist, auf die 
die Zinssätze der Ersatz-Benchmark laute, sofern 
verfügbar, 
oder 
(ii) 
einer 
der 
folgenden 
Einrichtungen, vorausgesetzt, dass sie für die 
Abgabe einer solchen Erklärung zuständig sind: 
eine Zentralbank, eine Aufsichtsbehörde oder ein 
öffentlich-rechtlich konstituiertes oder besetztes 
Aufsichts- oder Fachgremium der Finanzbranche, 
wonach 
ein 
bestimmter 
Referenzsatz, 
gegebenenfalls 
unter 
Vornahme 
bestimmter 
Anpassungen, 
an 
die 
Stelle 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes treten solle oder könne 
"Official Substitution Concept" means any 
binding or non-binding public statement by (i) the 
EU Commission or any EU Member State taking 
into 
account, 
where 
available, 
the 
recommendation by an alternative reference rate 
working group operating under the auspices of the 
central bank responsible for the currency in which 
the interest rates of the replacement benchmark 
are denominated or (ii) any of the following 
entities provided that they are competent to make 
such statement: a central bank, a supervisory 
authority or a supervisory or expert body of the 
financial sector established under public law or 
composed 
of 
publicly 
appointed 
members 
pursuant to which a certain reference rate, subject 
to certain adjustments (if any), should or could be 
used to replace the Reference [Interest] Rate or 
pursuant to which a certain procedure should or 
could be used in order to determine payment

--- Page 251 ---
251 
oder wonach ein bestimmtes Verfahren zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen, die 
ansonsten 
unter 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Referenz[zins]satz bestimmt werden würden, zur 
Anwendung gelangen solle oder könne. 
obligations which would otherwise be determined 
by reference to the Reference [Interest] Rate. 
"Branchenlösung" bezeichnet eine öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung der International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association (ISDA), der International 
Capital 
Markets 
Association 
(ICMA), 
der 
Association for Financial Markets in Europe 
(AFME), der Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (SIFMA), der SIFMA Asset 
Management Group (SIFMA AMG), der Loan 
Markets Association (LMA), des Deutschen 
Derivate Verbands (DDV), des Zertifikate Forum 
Österreich 
oder 
eines 
sonstigen 
privaten 
Branchenverbands der Finanzwirtschaft, wonach 
ein bestimmter Referenzsatz, gegebenenfalls 
unter Vornahme bestimmter Anpassungen, an die 
Stelle des Referenz[zins]satzes treten solle oder 
könne oder wonach ein bestimmtes Verfahren zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen, die 
ansonsten 
unter 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Referenz[zins]satz bestimmt werden würden, zur 
Anwendung gelangen solle oder könne. 
"Industry Solution" means any public statement 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association (ISDA), the International Capital 
Markets Association (ICMA), the Association for 
Financial 
Markets 
in 
Europe 
(AFME), 
the 
Securities 
Industry 
and 
Financial 
Markets 
Association 
(SIFMA), 
the 
SIFMA 
Asset 
Management Group (SIFMA AMG), the Loan 
Markets 
Association 
(LMA), 
the 
Deutsche 
Derivate Verbands (DDV), the Zertifikate Forum 
Austria or any other private association of the 
financial industry pursuant to which a certain 
reference rate, subject to certain adjustments (if 
any), should or could be used to replace the 
Reference [Interest] Rate or pursuant to which a 
certain procedure should or could be used in 
order to determine payment obligations which 
would otherwise be determined by reference to 
the Reference [Interest] Rate. 
"Allgemein 
Akzeptierte 
Marktpraxis" 
bezeichnet 
die 
übliche 
Verwendung 
eines 
bestimmten 
Referenzsatzes, 
gegebenenfalls 
unter 
Vornahme 
bestimmter 
Anpassungen, 
anstelle 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes 
oder 
die 
vertragliche oder anderweitige Regelung eines 
bestimmten Verfahrens zur Bestimmung von 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen, die ansonsten unter 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Referenz[zins]satz 
bestimmt worden wären, in einer Vielzahl von 
Anleiheemissionen 
nach 
dem 
Eintritt 
eines 
Benchmark-Ereignisses 
oder 
eine 
sonstige 
allgemein akzeptierte Marktpraxis zur Ersetzung 
des Referenz[zins]satzes als Referenzsatz für die 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen. 
"Generally Accepted Market Practice" means 
the customary use of a certain reference rate, 
subject to certain adjustments (if any), as 
substitute rate for the Reference [Interest] Rate or 
of provisions, contractual or otherwise, providing 
for a certain procedure to determine payment 
obligations which would otherwise have been 
determined by reference to the Reference 
[Interest] Rate in a material number of bond 
issues following the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Event, or any other generally accepted market 
practice to replace the Reference [Interest] Rate 
as reference rate for the determination of payment 
obligations. 
Für die Zwecke dieses Unterabsatzes bezeichnet 
der "Unabhängige Berater" ein unabhängiges 
Finanzinstitut von internationaler Reputation oder 
einen anderen unabhängigen Finanzberater in 
der Eurozone mit Erfahrung am internationalen 
Kapitalmarkt, der jeweils von der Emittentin auf 
ihre eigenen Kosten ernannt wird. 
For 
the 
purposes 
of 
this 
subparagraph 
"Independent Advisor" means an independent 
financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial advisor in the Euro zone 
experienced in the international capital markets, in 
each case appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense. 
Der Unabhängige Berater oder die Emittentin (je 
nachdem) 
sind 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
berechtigt, aber nicht verpflichtet, in Bezug auf 
ein und dasselbe Benchmark-Ereignis mehrfach 
einen Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz nach Maßgabe 
der Bestimmungen dieses Unterabsatzes zu 
bestimmen, wenn diese spätere Bestimmung 
besser 
geeignet 
ist 
als 
die 
jeweils 
vorangegangene, 
das 
Ersetzungsziel 
zu 
erreichen. 
Die 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
Unterabsatzes gelten auch entsprechend für den 
Fall, dass in Bezug auf einen vom Unabhängigen 
Berater oder von der Emittentin (je nachdem) 
The Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) is entitled, but not obliged, to 
determine, in its due discretion, a Substitute 
Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate 
pursuant 
to 
the 
provisions of this subparagraph several times in 
relation to the same Benchmark Event, provided 
that each later determination is better suitable 
than the earlier one to realise the Substitution 
Objective. The provisions of this subparagraph 
shall also apply mutatis mutandis in the event of a 
Benchmark Event occurring in relation to any 
Alternative Reference [Interest] Rate previously 
determined by the Independent Advisor or the

--- Page 252 ---
252 
zuvor bestimmten Alternativ-Referenz[zins]satz 
ein Benchmark-Ereignis eintritt. 
Issuer (as the case may be). 
Hat der Unabhängige Berater oder die Emittentin 
(je nachdem) nach Eintritt eines Benchmark-
Ereignisses 
einen 
Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz 
bestimmt, so wird veranlasst, dass der Eintritt des 
Benchmark-Ereignisses, der vom Unabhängigen 
Berater oder von der Emittentin (je nachdem) 
bestimmte Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz sowie alle 
weiteren 
damit 
zusammenhängenden 
Festsetzungen des Unabhängigen Beraters oder 
der Emittentin (je nachdem) gemäß diesem 
Unterabsatz der Berechnungsstelle und den 
Gläubigern gemäß § 10 baldmöglichst, aber 
keinesfalls später als am vierten auf die 
Bestimmung 
des 
Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satzes 
folgenden Geschäftstag sowie jeder Börse, an 
der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln 
eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
die 
Börse 
verlangen, 
baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls später als zu 
Beginn der Zinsperiode, ab der der Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz erstmals anzuwenden ist, 
mitgeteilt werden.]] 
If the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) has determined a Substitute 
Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate 
following 
the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event, it will cause 
the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, the 
Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate determined 
by the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) and any further determinations of 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) pursuant to this subparagraph 
associated therewith to be notified to the 
Calculation 
Agent 
and 
to 
the 
Holders 
in 
accordance with § 10 as soon as possible, but in 
no event later than the fourth Business Day 
following the determination of the Substitute 
Reference [Interest] Rate and, if required by the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are from time to time listed, to such stock 
exchange as soon as possible, but in no event 
later than the first day of the Interest Period to 
which the Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate 
applies for the first time.]] 
[Im Falle einer Fix-to-Floating Verzinsung, 
einfügen:  
[In case of Fix-to-Floating interest, insert:  
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Festverzinsung. 
(1) Fixed Interest. 
(a) Festzinssatz und Festzinszahlungstage. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
ihres 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum 
[Zinssatzwechseltag 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Zinssatzwechseltag") 
(ausschließlich) 
(der 
"Erste 
Zeitraum") 
mit 
[Ersten 
Zinssatz 
einfügen]% per annum (der "Erste Zinssatz") 
[Im Fall einer kurzen oder langen ersten 
Zinsperiode einfügen: Mit Ausnahme der ersten 
Zinszahlung sind die Zinsen] [im Fall von 
ausschließlich regulären Festzinszahlungen 
einfügen: Die Zinsen sind] für den Ersten 
Zeitraum] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
vierteljährlichen 
Festzinszahlungen einfügen: vierteljährlich] [im 
Fall von halbjährlichen Festzinszahlungen 
einfügen: halbjährlich] [im Fall von jährlichen 
Festzinszahlungen 
einfügen: 
jährlich] 
nachträglich 
am 
[Festzinszahlungstage 
einfügen] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar (jeweils ein 
"Festzinszahlungstag"), beginnend mit dem 
[ersten Festzinszahlungstag einfügen] und 
endend mit dem [letzten Festzinszahlungstag 
einfügen]. Die Festzinszahlungstage unterliegen 
einer Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in 
§ 4 (3) enthaltenen Bestimmungen. 
(a) Fixed Rate of Interest and Fixed Interest 
Payment Dates. The Notes shall bear interest on 
their outstanding aggregate principal amount at 
the rate of [insert First Rate of Interest] per 
cent. per annum (the "First Rate of Interest") 
from, 
and 
including, 
[insert 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest 
Commencement Date") to, but excluding, [insert 
Interest Rate Change Date] (the "Interest Rate 
Change Date") (the "First Period"). [In case of a 
short or long first interest period insert: With 
the exception of the first payment of interest, 
interest] [in case of Notes which have only 
regular fixed interest payments insert: Interest] 
for the First Period] shall be payable [in case of 
quarterly 
fixed 
interest 
payments 
insert: 
quarterly] [in case of semi-annual fixed interest 
payments insert: semi-annually] [in case of 
annual 
fixed 
interest 
payments 
insert: 
annually] in arrear on [insert Fixed Interest 
Payment Dates] in each year (each such date, a 
"Fixed Interest Payment Date"), commencing on 
[insert first Fixed Interest Payment Date] and 
ending on [insert last Fixed Interest Payment 
Date]. Fixed Interest Payment Dates are subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the provisions 
set out in § 4 (3). 
(b) Berechnung des Zinsbetrags. Falls der auf die 
(b) Calculation of Amount of Interest. If the

--- Page 253 ---
253 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlende Zinsbetrag 
für einen bestimmten Zeitraum von weniger oder 
mehr als einem Jahr innerhalb des Ersten 
Zeitraums 
zu 
berechnen 
ist, 
erfolgt 
die 
Berechnung des Zinsbetrags, indem der Erste 
Zinssatz 
auf 
die 
festgelegte 
Stückelung 
angewendet 
wird, 
dieser 
Betrag 
mit 
dem 
Festzinstagequotienten 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
multipliziert 
und 
das 
hieraus 
resultierende 
Ergebnis 
auf 
die 
nächste 
Untereinheit der festgelegten Währung gerundet 
wird, wobei eine halbe Untereinheit aufgerundet 
wird oder die Rundung ansonsten gemäß der 
anwendbaren Marktkonvention erfolgt. 
amount of interest payable under the Notes is 
required to be calculated for any period of time of 
less or more than a full year in the First Period 
such amount of interest shall be calculated by 
applying the First Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Fixed Day Count Fraction (as defined 
below), and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency, half of 
such 
sub-unit 
being 
rounded 
upwards 
or 
otherwise in accordance with the applicable 
market convention.  
 
(c) Festzinstagequotient. "Festzinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung eines 
Zinsbetrags auf eine Schuldverschreibung für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
(c) Fixed Day Count Fraction. "Fixed Day Count 
Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of 
an amount of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
[falls Actual/Actual (ICMA) anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
[In case Actual/Actual (ICMA) applies, insert: 
1. 
falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum kürzer 
ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, 
oder falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
der Feststellungsperiode entspricht, die 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch das 
Produkt 
aus: 
(x) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage in der Feststellungsperiode; 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine 
(wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr; oder 
1. 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Calculation Period ends, 
the number of calendar days in such 
Calculation Period divided by the product 
of: (x) the number of calendar days in such 
Determination Period; and (y) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified below) 
that would occur in one calendar year; or 
2. 
falls der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger 
ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, 
die Summe aus: 
2. 
if the Calculation Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the 
Calculation Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
der Anzahl der Kalendertage in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, 
in 
welcher 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
beginnt, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus: (x) der 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in der 
Feststellungsperiode; 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungstermine in 
einem Kalenderjahr; und 
(A) 
the number of calendar days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the 
Calculation Period begins divided by 
the product of: (x) the number of 
calendar days in such Determination 
Period: 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Dates 
that 
would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
der Anzahl der Kalendertage in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
nächste Feststellungsperiode fallen, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus: (x) der 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in dieser 
Feststellungsperiode; 
und 
(y) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungstermine in 
einem Kalenderjahr.  
(B) 
the number of calendar days in such 
Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the 
product 
of: 
(x) the 
number 
of 
calendar days in such Determination 
Period: 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Dates 
that 
would 
occur in one calendar year.  
"Feststellungsperiode" ist der Zeitraum von 
einem Feststellungstermin (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
nächsten 
Feststellungstermin 
"Determination Period" means the period from, 
and including, a Determination Date to, but 
excluding, the next Determination Date (including,

--- Page 254 ---
254 
(ausschließlich); dies schließt dann, wenn der 
Verzinsungsbeginn kein Feststellungstermin ist, 
den 
Zeitraum 
ein, 
der 
an 
dem 
ersten 
Feststellungstermin vor dem Verzinsungsbeginn 
anfängt, 
und 
dann, 
wenn 
der 
letzte 
Festzinszahlungstag kein Feststellungstermin ist, 
den 
Zeitraum 
ein, 
der 
an 
dem 
ersten 
Feststellungstermin 
nach 
dem 
letzten 
Festzinszahlungstag endet. 
where the Interest Commencement Date is not a 
Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to the Interest 
Commencement Date, and where the final Fixed 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination 
Date, the first Determination Date falling after the 
final Fixed Interest Payment Date, as the case 
may be). 
Die 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstermine 
im 
Kalenderjahr (jeweils ein "Feststellungstermin") 
beträgt 
[Anzahl 
der 
regulären 
Festzinszahlungstage 
im 
Kalenderjahr 
einfügen].] 
The number of interest determination dates per 
calendar year (each a "Determination Date") is 
[insert number of regular fixed interest 
payment dates per calendar year].] 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ISDA) anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, 
die Summe aus: (x) der tatsächlichen Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
in 
dem 
Teil 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die in das Schaltjahr 
fallen, dividiert durch 366; und (y) die tatsächliche 
Anzahl von Kalendertagen in dem Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die nicht in ein 
Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 365).] 
[In case Actual/Actual (ISDA) applies, insert: 
the actual number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
calculation portion of that Calculation Period falls 
in a leap year, the sum of: (x) the actual number 
of calendar days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366; and 
(y) the actual number of calendar days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-
leap year divided by 365).]  
[Falls 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 365.] 
[In case Actual/365 (Fixed) applies, insert: the 
actual number of calendar days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.] 
[Falls Actual/360 anwendbar ist, einfügen: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[In case Actual/360 applies, insert: the actual 
number of calendar days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360.] 
[Falls 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der 
Kalendertage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres 
von 360 Kalendertagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 
30 Kalendertagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn: 
(x) der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
fällt 
auf 
den 
31. Kalendertag eines Monats, während der erste 
Kalendertag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
weder 
auf 
den 
30. 
noch 
auf 
den 
31. Kalendertag  eines Monats fällt, wobei in 
diesem 
Fall 
der 
den 
letzten 
Kalendertag 
enthaltende 
Monat 
nicht 
als 
ein 
auf 
30 
Kalendertage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist; 
oder 
(y) der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten 
Kalendertag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln ist).]  
[In case 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
applies, insert: the number of calendar days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number 
of calendar days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 calendar days with twelve 30-calendar 
day months (unless: (x) the last calendar day of 
the Calculation Period is the 31st calendar day of 
a month but the first calendar day of the 
Calculation Period is a calendar day other than 
the 30th or 31st calendar day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last calendar 
day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 
30-calendar day month; or (y) the last calendar 
day of the Calculation Period is the last calendar 
day of the month of February in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-calendar day month).] 
[Falls 
30E/360 
oder 
Eurobond 
Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
[In case 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis applies, 
insert: the number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of

--- Page 255 ---
255 
dividiert durch 360 (wobei die Anzahl der 
Kalendertage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres 
von 360 Kalendertagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 
30 Kalendertagen zu ermitteln ist, und zwar ohne 
Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten 
Kalendertages 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei denn, der 
Fälligkeitstag 
ist, 
im 
Fall 
des 
letzten 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
der 
letzte 
Kalendertag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln ist).] 
calendar days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 calendar days with twelve 30-calendar 
day months, without regard to the date of the first 
calendar day or last calendar day of the 
Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last 
calendar day of the month of February, in which 
case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-calendar day 
month).] 
(2) Variable Verzinsung. 
(2) Variable Interest. 
(a) Variable Zinszahlungstage. 
(a) Variable Interest Payment Dates. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden auf der 
Grundlage 
ihres 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags mit dem Variablen Zinssatz 
(wie nachstehend definiert) verzinst, und zwar 
vom Zinssatzwechseltag (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 (1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich) (der "Zweite Zeitraum"). Zinsen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind im Zweiten 
Zeitraum im Nachhinein an jedem Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
zahlbar. 
"Variabler 
Zinszahlungstag" bedeutet jeder [festgelegte 
Variable 
Zinszahlungstage 
einfügen], 
beginnend 
mit 
dem 
[ersten 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen]. 
The Notes shall bear interest on their outstanding 
aggregate principal amount at the Variable Rate 
of Interest (as defined below) from, and including, 
the Interest Rate Change Date to, but excluding, 
the Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)) (the 
"Second Period"). In the Second Period interest 
on the Notes shall be payable in arrear on each 
Variable 
Interest 
Payment 
Date. 
"Variable 
Interest Payment Date" means each [insert 
specified Variable Interest Payment Dates], 
commencing on [insert first Variable Interest 
Payment Date]. 
Variable 
Zinszahlungstage 
unterliegen 
einer 
Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in § 4 (4) 
enthaltenen Bestimmungen. 
Variable Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the provisions set 
out in § 4 (4). 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, deren 
Variabler Zinssatz an einen Referenzzinssatz 
gebunden ist, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes the Variable Rate of Interest 
of which is linked to a Reference Interest Rate, 
insert: 
(b) Variabler Zinssatz. Der variable Zinssatz (der 
"Variable 
Zinssatz") 
für 
jede 
Variable 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist der 
[Zahl, 
Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten Referenzzinssatzes einfügen] per 
annum (der "Referenzzinssatz") [im Fall einer 
Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der 
Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)] [im Fall eines 
Faktors einfügen: [und] multipliziert mit dem 
Faktor 
[Faktor 
einfügen]]. 
Bei 
dem 
Referenzzinssatz handelt es sich um den 
Angebotssatz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per 
annum) für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung 
mit 
einer 
Laufzeit, 
die 
der 
Laufzeit 
des 
Referenzzinssatzes 
entspricht, 
der 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite (wie nachstehend definiert) am 
Feststellungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
gegen [relevante Tageszeit einfügen] Uhr 
([relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) 
angezeigt wird, wobei alle Festlegungen durch 
die Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) angegeben) 
erfolgen. 
(b) Variable Rate of Interest. The variable rate of 
interest (the "Variable Rate of Interest") for each 
Variable Interest Period (as defined below) shall 
be the [insert number, term and name of 
relevant Reference Interest Rate] per annum 
(the "Reference Interest Rate") [in case of a 
Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin (as 
defined below)] [in case of a Factor insert: [and] 
multiplied by the factor [insert Factor]]. Such 
Reference Interest Rate shall be the offered rate 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
deposits in the Specified Currency with a term, 
which corresponds with the term of the Reference 
Interest Rate, which appears on the Screen Page 
(as defined below) as of [insert relevant time] 
([insert relevant financial centre] time) on the 
Determination Day (as defined below), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (as specified 
in § 6 (1)). 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
[In case of Notes which have a margin which

--- Page 256 ---
256 
Marge haben, die sich nicht ändert einfügen: 
Die "Marge" beträgt [Satz einfügen]% per 
annum.] 
does not change, insert: "Margin" means 
[insert rate] per cent. per annum.] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich ändert, einfügen: Die 
"Marge" beträgt für die Variable[n] Zinsperiode[n] 
[in case of Notes which have a margin which 
changes, insert: "Margin" means in respect of 
the Variable Interest Period[s] 
vom 
(einschließlic
h) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[zuzüglich] 
[/] 
[abzüglich] 
[Marge 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
] 
from, 
and 
including, 
to, 
but 
excluding, 
 
 
[insert date] 
[insert 
date] 
[plus] [/] 
[minus] 
[insert 
Margin] per 
cent. per 
annum 
] 
"Variable Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum 
von dem Zinssatzwechseltag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
ersten 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
bzw 
von 
jedem 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils 
darauf 
folgenden 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
"Variable Interest Period" means each period 
from, and including, the Interest Rate Change 
Date to, but excluding, the first Variable Interest 
Payment Date and from, and including, each 
Variable Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, 
the following Variable Interest Payment Date. 
"Feststellungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[ersten] 
[zweiten] 
[andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen einfügen] Geschäftstag (wie in 
§ 1 (6) definiert) [vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der 
jeweiligen Variablen Zinsperiode. 
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] 
[insert other relevant number of Business 
Days] Business Day (as defined in § 1 (6)) [prior 
to the [commencement] [end]] of the relevant 
Variable Interest Period. 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
oder 
die 
Nachfolgeseite, 
die 
von 
dem 
gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des Referenzzinssatzes benannt 
wird, angezeigt wird. 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen 
Page] or the successor page displayed by the 
same 
information 
provider 
or 
any 
other 
information provider nominated by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement information provider for 
the purposes of displaying the Reference Interest 
Rate. 
Sollte 
die 
Bildschirmseite 
nicht 
mehr 
zur 
Verfügung 
stehen, 
oder 
wird 
der 
Referenzzinssatz zu der genannten Zeit am 
relevanten 
Feststellungstag 
nicht 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt, 
wird 
die 
Berechnungsstelle von jeder der Referenzbanken 
(wie nachstehend definiert) deren jeweiligen Satz 
(jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt) 
anfordern, 
zu 
dem 
sie 
Einlagen 
in 
der 
festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit, die der 
Laufzeit des Referenzzinssatzes entspricht, um 
ca 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) 
am Feststellungstag anbieten. 
If the Screen Page is unavailable or if the 
Reference Interest Rate does not appear on the 
Screen Page as at such time on the relevant 
Determination Day, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
at which it offers deposits in the Specified 
Currency with a term, which corresponds with the 
term 
of 
the 
Reference 
Interest 
Rate, 
at 
approximately [insert relevant time] ([insert 
relevant 
financial 
centre] 
time) 
on 
the 
Determination Day. 
Falls zwei oder mehr Referenzbanken der 
Berechnungsstelle solche Sätze nennen, gilt als 
Referenzzinssatz für die relevante Variable 
Zinsperiode 
das 
arithmetische 
Mittel 
(falls 
erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das 
nächste [falls der Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such rates, the Reference 
Interest Rate for such Variable Interest Period 
shall be deemed to be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest [if the 
Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR insert:

--- Page 257 ---
257 
ist, 
einfügen: 
Tausendstel 
Prozent, 
wobei 
0,0005 
aufgerundet 
wird] 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz 
nicht 
EURIBOR 
ist, 
einfügen: Hunderttausendstel Prozent, wobei 
0,000005 aufgerundet wird]) dieser Sätze, wobei 
alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle 
erfolgen. 
one thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005 
being rounded upwards] [if the Reference 
Interest Rate is not EURIBOR insert: one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards]) of such rates, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Für den Fall, dass der Referenzzinssatz nicht 
gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen dieses 
Absatzes 
ermittelt 
werden 
kann, 
gilt 
als 
Referenzzinssatz für die relevante Variable 
Zinsperiode der von der Berechnungsstelle 
gemäß ihrem billigen Ermessen bestimmte Satz; 
bei der Bestimmung dieses Satzes richtet sich die 
Berechnungsstelle 
nach 
der 
üblichen 
Marktpraxis. 
If the Reference Interest Rate cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Reference 
Interest Rate for the relevant Variable Interest 
Period shall be deemed to be the rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable 
discretion; the Calculation Agent shall take 
general market practice into account when 
determining such rate. 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet [relevante Zahl 
einfügen] 
Großbanken 
im 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz nicht der EURIBOR ist, 
einfügen: 
[relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen]] 
Interbankenmarkt 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR ist, einfügen: der 
Euro-Zone oder im Londoner Interbankenmarkt]. 
"Reference Banks" means [insert relevant 
number] major banks in the [if the Reference 
Interest Rate is not EURIBOR insert: [insert 
relevant financial centre]] interbank market [if 
the Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR 
insert: of the Euro-zone or in the London 
interbank market]. 
[Falls der Referenzzinssatz EURIBOR ist, 
einfügen: "Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet 
derjenigen Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen 
Union, die gemäß dem Vertrag über die 
Gründung 
der 
Europäischen 
Gemeinschaft 
(unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 1957), 
geändert durch den Vertrag über die Europäische 
Union (unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 
1992), den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 
1997 und den Vertrag von Lissabon vom 
13. Dezember 
2007, 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, die einheitliche Währung eingeführt 
haben oder jeweils eingeführt haben werden.]] 
[if the Reference Interest Rate is EURIBOR 
insert: "Euro-zone" means the region comprised 
of those member states of the European Union 
that have adopted, or will have adopted from time 
to time, the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam 
Treaty of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon 
of 13 December 2007, as further amended from 
time to time.]] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, deren 
Variabler Zinssatz an einen Referenzsatz 
gebunden ist, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes the Variable Rate of Interest 
of which is linked to a Reference Rate, insert: 
(b) Variabler Zinssatz. Der variable Zinssatz (der 
"Variable 
Zinssatz") 
für 
jede 
Variable 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist [Zahl, 
Laufzeit 
und 
relevanten 
Referenzsatz 
einfügen] per annum (der "Referenzsatz")] [im 
Fall 
einer 
Marge 
einfügen: 
[zuzüglich] 
[abzüglich] 
der 
Marge 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert)] [im Fall eines Faktors einfügen: 
[und] multipliziert mit dem Faktor [Faktor 
einfügen]]. Bei dem Referenzsatz handelt es 
sich um den Swap-Satz (ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz per annum) für Swap-Transaktionen 
in der festgelegten Währung mit einer Laufzeit 
von [relevanten Zeitraum einfügen], der auf der 
Bildschirmseite (wie nachstehend definiert) am 
Feststellungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
gegen [relevante Tageszeit einfügen] Uhr 
([relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] Ortszeit) 
angezeigt wird, wobei alle Festlegungen durch 
die Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 (1) angegeben) 
(b) Variable Rate of Interest. The variable rate of 
interest (the "Variable Rate of Interest") for each 
Variable Interest Period (as defined below) shall 
be 
[insert 
number, 
term 
and 
relevant 
Reference Rate] per annum (the "Reference 
Rate")] [in case of a Margin insert: [plus] 
[minus] the Margin (as defined below)] [in case 
of a Factor insert: [and] multiplied by the factor 
[insert Factor]]. Such Reference Rate shall be 
the swap rate (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for swap transactions in the Specified 
Currency with a term of [insert relevant term] 
which appears on the Screen Page (as defined 
below) as of [insert relevant time] ([insert 
relevant 
financial 
centre] 
time) 
on 
the 
Determination Day (as defined below), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (as specified 
in § 6 (1)).

--- Page 258 ---
258 
erfolgen. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich nicht ändert einfügen: 
Die "Marge" beträgt [Satz einfügen]% per 
annum.] 
[In case of Notes which have a margin which 
does not change, insert: "Margin" means 
[insert rate] per cent. per annum.] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die eine 
Marge haben, die sich ändert, einfügen: Die 
"Marge" beträgt für die Variable[n] Zinsperiode[n] 
[in case of Notes which have a margin which 
changes, insert: "Margin" means in respect of 
the Variable Interest Period[s] 
vom 
(einschließlic
h) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[zuzüglich] 
[/] 
[abzüglich] 
[Marge 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
] 
from, 
and 
including, 
to, 
but 
excluding, 
 
 
[insert date] 
[insert 
date] 
[plus] [/] 
[minus] 
[insert 
Margin] per 
cent. per 
annum 
] 
"Variable Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum 
von dem Zinssatzwechseltag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
ersten 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
bzw 
von 
jedem 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils 
darauf 
folgenden 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
"Variable Interest Period" means each period 
from, and including, the Interest Rate Change 
Date to, but excluding, the first Variable Interest 
Payment Date and from, and including, each 
Variable Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, 
the following Variable Interest Payment Date. 
"Feststellungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[ersten] 
[zweiten] 
[andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen einfügen] Geschäftstag (wie in 
§ 1 (6) definiert) [vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der 
jeweiligen Variablen Zinsperiode. 
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] 
[insert other relevant number of Business 
Days] Business Day (as defined in § 1 (6)) [prior 
to the [commencement] [end]] of the relevant 
Variable Interest Period. 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
oder 
die 
Nachfolgeseite, 
die 
von 
dem 
gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des Referenzsatzes benannt wird, 
angezeigt wird. 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen 
Page] or the successor page displayed by the 
same 
information 
provider 
or 
any 
other 
information provider nominated by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement information provider for 
the purposes of displaying the Reference Rate. 
Sollte 
die 
Bildschirmseite 
nicht 
mehr 
zur 
Verfügung stehen, oder wird der Referenzsatz zu 
der 
genannten 
Zeit 
am 
relevanten 
Feststellungstag nicht auf der Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt, wird die Berechnungsstelle von jeder 
der Referenzbanken (wie nachstehend definiert) 
deren 
jeweiligen 
Marktmittelkurs 
für 
den 
Swapsatz (jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum 
ausgedrückt), 
um 
ca 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] 
Ortszeit) 
am 
Feststellungstag 
anfordern. "Marktmittelkurs für den Swapsatz" 
bezeichnet das Mittel der Geld- und Briefkurse für 
den 
festverzinslichen 
Teil 
einer 
Zinsswaptransaktion 
in 
der 
festgelegten 
Währung, bei der ein fester Zinssatz gegen einen 
variablen Zinssatz getauscht wird, wobei der 
variabel verzinsliche Teil dem [Zahl, Laufzeit 
If the Screen Page is unavailable or if the 
Reference Rate does not appear on the Screen 
Page 
as 
at 
such 
time 
on 
the 
relevant 
Determination Day, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
mid-market 
swap 
rate 
(expressed 
as 
a 
percentage rate per annum) at approximately 
[insert relevant time] ([insert relevant financial 
centre] time) on the Determination Day. "Mid-
market swap rate" means the mean of the bid 
and offered rates for the fixed leg of a fixed-for-
floating rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency where the floating leg is equivalent to 
[insert number, term and relevant Reference 
Rate] per annum, which appears on [insert 
relevant screen page] (or the successor page 
displayed by the same information provider or any

--- Page 259 ---
259 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzsatzes einfügen] per annum entspricht, 
der auf [relevante Bildschirmseite einfügen] 
(oder der Nachfolgeseite, die von dem gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des [Zahl, Laufzeit und 
Bezeichnung des relevanten Referenzsatzes 
einfügen] benannt wird), angezeigt wird. 
other information provider nominated by the 
Calculation Agent as the replacement information 
provider for the purposes of displaying the [insert 
number, term and relevant Reference Rate]. 
Falls drei oder mehr Referenzbanken der 
Berechnungsstelle solche Sätze nennen, gilt als 
Referenzsatz 
für 
die 
relevante 
Variable 
Zinsperiode 
das 
arithmetische 
Mittel 
(falls 
erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das 
nächste 
Hunderttausendstel 
Prozent, 
wobei 
0,000005 aufgerundet wird) dieser Sätze, wobei 
der höchste Satz (oder, falls es mehrere gleich 
hohe Höchstsätze geben sollte, einer dieser 
Höchstsätze) und der niedrigste Satz (oder, falls 
es mehrere gleich niedrige Niedrigstsätze geben 
sollte, 
einer 
dieser 
Niedrigstsätze) 
unberücksichtigt bleiben, wobei alle Festlegungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
If three or more of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such rates, the 
Reference Rate for the relevant Variable Interest 
Period shall be deemed to be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of such rates eliminating 
the highest rate (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the highest) and the lowest rate (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Für den Fall, dass der Referenzsatz nicht gemäß 
den 
vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
Absatzes 
ermittelt 
werden 
kann, 
gilt 
als 
Referenzsatz für die relevante Zinsperiode der 
von der Berechnungsstelle gemäß ihrem billigen 
Ermessen bestimmte Satz; bei der Bestimmung 
dieses Satzes richtet sich die Berechnungsstelle 
nach der üblichen Marktpraxis.] 
If the Reference Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Reference Rate for the relevant 
Variable Interest Period shall be deemed to be the 
rate determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion; the Calculation Agent shall 
take general market practice into account when 
determining such rate.]  
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet [relevante Zahl 
einfügen] 
Großbanken 
im 
[falls 
der 
Referenzsatz 
kein 
Euro-Swapsatz 
ist, 
einfügen: 
[relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen]] 
Interbankenmarkt 
[falls 
der 
Referenzsatz ein Euro-Swapsatz ist, einfügen: 
der 
Euro-Zone 
oder 
im 
Londoner 
Interbankenmarkt]. 
"Reference Banks" means [insert relevant 
number] major banks in the [if the Reference 
Rate is not a Euro swap rate insert: [insert 
relevant financial centre]] interbank market [if 
the Reference Rate is a Euro swap rate insert: 
of the Euro-zone or in the London interbank 
market].  
[Falls der Referenzsatz ein Euro-Swapsatz ist, 
einfügen: "Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet 
derjenigen Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen 
Union, die gemäß dem Vertrag über die 
Gründung 
der 
Europäischen 
Gemeinschaft 
(unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 1957), 
geändert durch den Vertrag über die Europäische 
Union (unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 
1992), den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 
1997 und den Vertrag von Lissabon vom 
13. Dezember 
2007, 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, die einheitliche Währung eingeführt 
haben oder jeweils eingeführt haben werden.]] 
[If the Reference Rate is a Euro swap rate 
insert: "Euro-zone" means the region comprised 
of those member states of the European Union 
that have adopted, or will have adopted from time 
to time, the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam 
Treaty of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon 
of 13 December 2007, as further amended from 
time to time.]] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit 
einem 
inflationsabhängigen 
Zinssatz 
einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with an inflation linked 
interest rate insert: 
(b) Variabler Zinssatz. Der variable Zinssatz (der 
"Variable 
Zinssatz") 
für 
jede 
Variable 
(b) Variable Rate of Interest. The variable rate of 
interest (the "Variable Rate of Interest") for each

--- Page 260 ---
260 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist wird 
als Zinssatz in Prozent per annum ("Ian(t)") 
ausgedrückt und von der Berechnungsstelle 
gemäß folgender Formel bestimmt: 
Variable Interest Period (as defined below) shall 
be expressed as a rate in per cent per annum 
("Ian(t)") and calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Ian(t) = [ Min{ ] [ Max{ ] ((HVPI(t) – HVPI(t-1)) / 
HVPI(t-1)) [*100] [* Faktor] [+] [-] [Zuschlag] 
[Abschlag] [; Wert } ] [+] [-] [Marge] 
Ian(t) = [ Min{ ] [ Max{ ] (HICP(t) – HICP(t-1)) / 
HICP(t-1) [*100] [* Factor] [+] [-] [Surcharge] 
[Reduction] [;Value } ] [+] [-] [Margin] 
"HVPI(t)" bezeichnet den Stand des HVPI, wie er 
in Bezug auf [Bezugszeitraum (t) einfügen] 
veröffentlicht wird. 
"HICP(t)" means the level of the HICP that is 
published by reference to the [insert reference 
period(t)]. 
"HVPI(t-1)" bezeichnet den Stand des HVPI, der 
in Bezug auf [Bezugszeitraum (t-1) einfügen] 
veröffentlicht wird. 
"HICP(t-1)" means the level of the HICP that is 
published by reference to the [insert reference 
period(t-1)]. 
["Abschlag" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] 
[Anzahl von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit 
[Höhe des Abschlags einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Reduction" means a defined [number] [number 
of percentage points] and has been determined 
as [Insert amount of reduction].] 
["Zuschlag" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] 
[Anzahl von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit 
[Höhe des Zuschlags einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Surcharge" means a defined [number] [number 
of percentage points] and has been determined 
as [Insert amount of surcharge].] 
["Wert" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] [Anzahl 
von Prozentpunkten], die für einen Zinssatz steht, 
und wurde mit [Höhe des Wertes einfügen] 
festgelegt.] 
["Value" means a defined [number] [number of 
percentage points] which stands for a percentage 
rate, and has been determined as [Insert amount 
of value].] 
["Faktor" 
bedeutet 
eine 
definierte 
Zahl 
(Multiplikator des Inflationszinssatzes) und wurde 
mit [Höhe des Faktors einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Factor" means a defined number (a multiplier of 
the Inflation Rate) and has been determined as 
[Insert amount of factor].] 
["Marge" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl] [Anzahl 
von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit [Höhe der 
Marge einfügen] festgelegt.] 
["Margin" means a defined [number] [number of 
percentage points] and has been determined as 
[Insert amount of factor].] 
"HVPI" 
oder 
"Index" 
ist 
der 
unrevidierte 
Harmonisierte 
Verbraucherpreisindex 
(ohne 
Tabak) für die Euro-Zone (wie nachstehend 
definiert), der monatlich vom Statistischen Amt 
der Europäischen Gemeinschaft (nachfolgend 
"EUROSTAT" oder "Indexsponsor" genannt) 
berechnet 
wird, 
und 
welcher 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
am 
Feststellungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) veröffentlicht wird. 
"HICP" or "Index" is the unrevised Harmonised 
Index of Consumer Prices (excluding Tobacco) for 
the Euro-Zone (as defined below), which is 
calculated on a monthly basis by the statistical 
office of the European Union (the "EUROSTAT" 
or the "Index Sponsor") and published on the 
Screen Page on the Determination Day (as 
defined below). 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bedeutet 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
oder 
die 
Nachfolgeseite, 
die 
von 
dem 
gleichen 
Informationsanbieter oder von einem anderen 
Informationsanbieter, 
der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle als Ersatzinformationsanbieter 
für die Anzeige des Index benannt wird, 
angezeigt wird. 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen 
Page] or the successor page displayed by the 
same 
information 
provider 
or 
any 
other 
information provider nominated by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement information provider for 
the purposes of displaying the Index. 
Falls die Bildschirmseite nicht länger existiert und 
keine offizielle Nachfolgeseite bekannt gegeben 
wird, wird die Berechnungsstelle eine alternative 
Referenz für den Index festlegen. 
If the Screen Page ceases to exist and no official 
successor page is announced, the Calculation 
Agent will determine other reference with respect 
to the Index. 
Im Fall einer Änderung eines veröffentlichten 
Indexstandes, der nach mehr als 24 Stunden 
nach der ersten Veröffentlichung erfolgt, soll in 
jedem 
Fall 
der 
zunächst 
ursprünglich 
veröffentlichte 
Indexstand 
zur 
Berechnung 
In case of any amendment of the published index 
level 24 hours after the first publication, the index 
level published first shall, in any case, be 
applicable to the calculation.

--- Page 261 ---
261 
maßgeblich sein. 
Wird der Index nicht mehr vom Indexsponsor, 
sondern von einer anderen Person, Gesellschaft 
oder Institution, die die Berechnungsstelle für 
geeignet 
hält 
(der 
"Nachfolgesponsor") 
berechnet 
und 
veröffentlicht, 
so 
wird 
der 
anwendbare Zinssatz auf der Grundlage des vom 
Nachfolgesponsor 
berechneten 
und 
veröffentlichten 
Index 
berechnet. 
Jede 
hier 
enthaltene Bezugnahme auf den Indexsponsor 
gilt, sofern es der Zusammenhang erlaubt, als 
Bezugnahme auf den Nachfolgesponsor. 
If the Index is not calculated and published by the 
Index Sponsor any more but by another person, 
corporation or institution, which the Calculation 
Agent 
considers 
suitable 
(the 
"Successor 
Sponsor"), the applicable Rate of Interest shall 
be calculated on the basis of the Index calculated 
and published by the Successor Sponsor. Any 
reference to Index Sponsor contained herein, 
shall, in this context, be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Sponsor. 
Wird der Index zu irgendeiner Zeit aufgehoben 
und/oder durch einen anderen Index ersetzt, legt 
die Berechnungsstelle nach billigem Ermessen 
fest, welcher Index künftig für die Berechnung 
des anwendbaren Zinssatzes zugrunde zu legen 
ist (der "Nachfolgeindex"). Der Nachfolgeindex 
sowie 
der 
Zeitpunkt 
seiner 
erstmaligen 
Anwendung werden so bald wie möglich jedoch 
keinesfalls später als am Zinsenfestlegungstag 
bekannt 
gemacht. 
Jede 
hier 
enthaltene 
Bezugnahme auf den Index gilt, sofern es der 
Zusammenhang erlaubt, als Bezugnahme auf 
den Nachfolgeindex. 
If at any time the Index is cancelled and/or 
replaced by any other index, the Calculation 
Agent 
shall, 
at 
its 
reasonable 
discretion, 
determine 
the 
Index 
which 
the 
following 
calculation of the applicable Rate of Interest will 
be based on (the "Successor Index"). The 
Successor Index and the time of its first 
application will be announced as soon as possible 
but not later than on the Determination Date. Any 
reference to the Index contained herein, shall, in 
this context, be deemed to refer to the Successor 
Index. 
Ist nach Ansicht der Berechnungsstelle: (i) die 
Festlegung eines Nachfolgeindex aus welchen 
Gründen 
auch 
immer 
nicht 
möglich; 
oder 
(ii) nimmt der Indexsponsor eine wesentliche 
Veränderung 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Berechnungsmethode zur Bestimmung des Index 
vor oder verändert der Indexsponsor den Index 
auf irgendeine andere Weise wesentlich, wird die 
Berechnungsstelle 
die 
Weiterrechnung 
und 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Indexstandes 
unter 
Berücksichtigung des Grundsatzes von Treu und 
Glauben und in wirtschaftlich vernünftiger Art und 
Weise durchführen. 
If according to the Calculation Agent’s opinion: 
(i) the determination of the Successor Index is, for 
whatever reason, not possible; or (ii) the Index 
Sponsor significantly changes the method of 
calculating the Index or the Index Sponsor 
significantly changes the Index in any other way, 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
shall 
make 
further 
calculations and publications of the index level 
acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
"Euro Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen Union, die 
gemäß dem Vertrag über die Gründung der 
Europäischen Gemeinschaft (unterzeichnet in 
Rom am 25. März 1957), geändert durch den 
Vertrag 
über 
die 
Europäische 
Union 
(unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 1992) 
und dem Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 
1997, 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, 
eine 
einheitliche Währung eingeführt haben oder 
jeweils eingeführt haben werden. 
"Euro-Zone" means the area of the member 
states of the European Union which have adopted 
or will adopt a single currency pursuant to the 
Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed on 25 March 1957 in Rome), as amended 
by the Treaty on the European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992) and pursuant to 
the Amsterdam Treaty of 2 October 1997, as 
amended from time to time. 
"Variable Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum 
von dem Zinssatzwechseltag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
ersten 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
bzw 
von 
jedem 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils 
darauf 
folgenden 
Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
"Variable Interest Period" means each period 
from, and including, the Interest Rate Change 
Date to, but excluding, the first Variable Interest 
Payment Date and from, and including, each 
Variable Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, 
the following Variable Interest Payment Date. 
"Feststellungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[ersten] 
[zweiten] 
[andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
"Determination Day" means the [first] [second] 
[insert other relevant number of Business

--- Page 262 ---
262 
Geschäftstagen einfügen] Geschäftstag (wie in 
§ 1 (6) definiert) [vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der 
jeweiligen Variablen Zinsperiode.] 
Days] Business Day (as defined in § 1 (6)) [prior 
to the [commencement] [end]] of the relevant 
Variable Interest Period.] 
[Ende 
der 
Bestimmungen 
für 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
einem 
inflationsabhängigen Zinssatz] 
[End of provisions for Notes with an inflation 
linked interest rate] 
[Falls 
ein 
Mindest- 
und/oder 
ein 
Höchstzinssatz für den Variablen Zinssatz gilt, 
einfügen: 
[If a Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
for the Variable Rate of Interest applies, insert: 
(c) [Mindest-] [und] [Höchst-] [und] [Memory-] 
Zinssatz. 
(c) [Minimum] [and] [Maximum] [and] [Memory] 
Rate of Interest. 
[Falls ein Mindestzinssatz gilt, einfügen: 
Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für 
eine Variable Zinsperiode ermittelte Variable 
Zinssatz niedriger ist als [Mindestzinssatz 
einfügen]% per annum, so ist der Variable 
Zinssatz 
für 
diese 
Variable 
Zinsperiode 
[Mindestzinssatz 
einfügen]% 
per 
annum.] 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibung eine Memory 
Floater-Zinsstruktur aufweist, einfügen: Wenn 
der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Variable 
Zinsperiode 
(die 
"maßgebliche 
Zinsperiode") 
ermittelte 
Variable 
Zinssatz 
niedriger ist als der Variable Zinssatz der 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden 
Variablen 
Zinsperiode, so ist der Variable Zinssatz für die 
maßgebliche Variable Zinsperiode der Variable 
Zinssatz 
der 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden 
Variablen Zinsperiode ("Memory Floater").] 
[If Minimum Rate of Interest applies, insert: 
If the Variable Rate of Interest in respect of any 
Variable Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the above provisions is less than [insert 
Minimum Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum, 
the Variable Rate of Interest for such Variable 
Interest Period shall be [insert Minimum Rate of 
Interest] per cent. per annum.] [In case the 
Notes 
have 
a 
Memory 
Floater 
interest 
structure, insert: If the Variable Rate of Interest 
in respect of any Variable Interest Period (the 
"relevant 
Interest 
Period") 
determined 
in 
accordance with the above provisions is less than 
the Variable Rate of Interest of the immediately 
preceding Variable Interest Period, the Variable 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Variable Interest 
Period shall be the Variable Rate of Interest of the 
immediately preceding Variable Interest Period 
("Memory Floater").] 
[Falls 
mehrere 
Mindestzinssätze 
gelten, 
einfügen: 
Wenn 
der 
gemäß 
den 
obigen 
Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz niedriger ist als der für die maßgebliche 
Zinsperiode in nachstehender Tabelle angeführte 
Mindestzinssatz (der "Mindestzinssatz") in % per 
annum, so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
dieser Mindestzinssatz.  
[If more than one Minimum Rate of Interest 
applies, insert: If the Rate of Interest in respect 
of any Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the above provisions is less than the 
minimum rate of interest as indicated in the below 
table in per cent. per annum, (the "Minimum Rate 
of Interest") the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be the Minimum Rate of Interest. 
vom 
(einschließli
ch) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
Mindest-
zinssatz 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
(einschließ-
lich 
des 
Fälligkeits-
tags 
und 
des 
Erweiterten 
Fälligkeits-
tags 
(falls 
anwendbar)
) einfügen] 
[Mindest-
zinssatz 
einfügen]% 
per annum 
from, and 
including, 
to, but 
excluding, 
Minimum 
Rate of 
[insert date] 
[insert date 
(including 
the Maturity 
Date 
and 
the 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date 
(if 
applicable))
] 
[insert 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest] per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
 
[Falls ein Höchstzinssatz gilt, einfügen: 
Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für 
eine Variable Zinsperiode ermittelte Variable 
Zinssatz 
höher 
ist 
als 
[Höchstzinssatz 
[If Maximum Rate of Interest applies insert: 
If the Variable Rate of Interest in respect of any 
Variable Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the above provisions is greater than [insert

--- Page 263 ---
263 
einfügen]% per annum, so ist der Variable 
Zinssatz 
für 
diese 
Variable 
Zinsperiode 
[Höchstzinssatz einfügen]% per annum.]] 
Maximum Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum, 
the Variable Rate of Interest for such Variable 
Interest Period shall be [insert Maximum Rate of 
Interest] per cent. per annum.]] 
([d]) Berechnung des Variablen Zinsbetrags. Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
wird 
den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden variablen 
Zinsbetrag 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
festgelegte 
Stückelung für die relevante Variable Zinsperiode 
(der "Variable Zinsbetrag") berechnen. Der 
Variable Zinsbetrag wird berechnet, indem der 
Variable Zinssatz auf die festgelegte Stückelung 
angewendet 
wird, 
dieser 
Betrag 
mit 
dem 
Variablen Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend 
definiert) 
multipliziert 
und 
der 
hieraus 
resultierende Betrag auf die nächste Untereinheit 
der festgelegten Währung gerundet wird, wobei 
eine halbe Untereinheit aufgerundet wird oder die 
Rundung ansonsten gemäß der anwendbaren 
Marktkonvention 
erfolgt. 
Im 
Falle 
einer 
Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Variablen 
Zinsperiode kann der auf diese Weise berechnete 
Variable 
Zinsbetrag 
ohne 
Vorankündigung 
nachträglich angepasst (oder andere geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. 
([d]) Calculation of Variable Amount of Interest. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of 
interest payable under the Notes in respect of the 
Specified Denomination for the relevant Variable 
Interest 
Period (the "Variable Amount of 
Interest"). The Variable Amount of Interest shall 
be calculated by applying the Variable Rate of 
Interest to the Specified Denomination, multiplying 
such sum by the applicable Variable Day Count 
Fraction (as defined below) and rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, with half of such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
Each Variable Amount of Interest so calculated 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Variable Interest 
Period. 
([e]) Mitteilungen des Variablen Zinssatzes. Die 
Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass die 
Variable Zinsperiode und der Variable Zinssatz 
für die relevante Variable Zinsperiode der 
Emittentin, 
jeder 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt 
notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an 
die Börse verlangen, und den Gläubigern gemäß 
§ 10 
baldmöglichst 
nach 
ihrer 
Bestimmung 
mitgeteilt werden. 
([e]) Notification of Variable Rate of Interest. The 
Calculation Agent will cause the Variable Interest 
Period and the Variable Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Variable Interest Period to be notified to 
the Issuer, any stock exchange on which the 
Notes are from time to time listed (if required by 
the rules of such stock exchange) and to the 
Holders in accordance with § 10 as soon as 
possible after their determination. 
([f]) Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Festsetzungen. 
Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, 
Quotierungen 
und 
Entscheidungen, 
die 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke dieses § 3 
gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder eingeholt 
werden, 
sind 
(sofern 
keine 
vorsätzliche 
Pflichtverletzung, kein böser Glaube und kein 
offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, 
die Emissionsstelle, den Zahlstellen und die 
Gläubiger bindend, und, sofern keiner der 
vorstehend genannten Umstände vorliegt, haftet 
die Berechnungsstelle nicht gegenüber der 
Emittentin, der Emissionsstelle, den Zahlstellen 
oder den Gläubigern im Zusammenhang mit der 
Ausübung oder Nichtausübung ihrer Rechte und 
Pflichten und ihres Ermessens gemäß solchen 
Bestimmungen. 
([f]) Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
the provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation Agent 
shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders 
and, in the absence of the aforesaid, no liability to 
the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents or 
the Holders shall attach to the Calculation Agent 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by 
it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to 
such provisions. 
([g]) Variabler 
Zinstagequotient. 
"Variabler 
Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die 
Berechnung 
eines 
Zinsbetrags 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Variable 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
([g]) Variable Day Count Fraction. "Variable Day 
Count Fraction" means, in respect of the 
calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (the "Variable Calculation 
Period"):

--- Page 264 ---
264 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ICMA) anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
[In case Actual/Actual (ICMA) applies, insert: 
1. 
falls der Variable Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
kürzer 
ist 
als 
die 
Variable 
Feststellungsperiode, in die das Ende des 
Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, 
oder 
falls 
der 
Variable 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum der Variablen 
Feststellungsperiode entspricht, die Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage 
in 
dem 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch das 
Produkt 
aus 
(x) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage 
in 
der 
Variablen 
Feststellungsperiode und (y) der Anzahl 
der Variablen Feststellungstermine (wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben) 
in 
einem 
Kalenderjahr; oder  
1. 
if the Variable Calculation Period is equal to 
or shorter than the Variable Determination 
Period during which the Variable Calculation 
Period ends, the number of calendar days in 
such Variable Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of calendar 
days in such Variable Determination Period 
and (y) the number of Variable Determination 
Dates (as specified below) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
2. 
falls der Variable Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
länger 
ist 
als 
die 
Variable 
Feststellungsperiode, in die das Ende des 
Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, 
die Summe aus  
2. 
if the Variable Calculation Period is longer 
than the Variable Determination Period 
during which the Variable Calculation Period 
ends, the sum of  
(A) 
der Anzahl der Kalendertage in dem 
Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
die 
in 
die 
Variable 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, 
in 
welcher 
der 
Variable 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
beginnt, 
geteilt durch das Produkt aus: (x) der 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in der 
Variablen Feststellungsperiode: und 
(y) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Variablen 
Feststellungstermine 
in 
einem 
Kalenderjahr; und 
(A) the number of calendar days in such 
Variable Calculation Period falling in 
the Variable Determination Period in 
which the Variable Calculation Period 
begins divided by the product of: 
(x) the number of calendar days in 
such Variable Determination Period; 
and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Variable 
Determination Dates that would occur 
in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
der Anzahl der Kalendertage in dem 
Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
die 
in 
die 
nächste 
Variable 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, geteilt 
durch 
das 
Produkt 
aus 
(x) der 
Anzahl der Kalendertage in dieser 
Variablen Feststellungsperiode und 
(y) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Variablen 
Feststellungstermine 
in 
einem 
Kalenderjahr. 
(B) the number of calendar days in such 
Variable Calculation Period falling in 
the next Variable Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the 
number of calendar days in such 
Variable Determination Period and 
(y) the 
number 
of 
Variable 
Determination Dates that would occur 
in one calendar year. 
"Variable 
Feststellungsperiode" 
ist 
der 
Zeitraum 
von 
einem 
Variablen 
Feststellungstermin 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
nächsten 
Variablen 
Feststellungstermin 
(ausschließlich); dies schließt dann, wenn der 
Variable 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
kein 
Variabler 
Feststellungstermin ist, den Zeitraum ein, der an 
dem ersten Variablen Feststellungstermin vor 
dem Variablen Verzinsungsbeginn anfängt, und 
dann, wenn der letzte Variable Zinszahlungstag 
kein 
Variabler 
Feststellungstermin 
ist, 
den 
Zeitraum ein, der an dem ersten Variablen 
Feststellungstermin nach dem letzten Variablen 
Zinszahlungstag endet. 
"Variable Determination Period" means the 
period 
from, 
and 
including, 
a 
Variable 
Determination Date to, but excluding, the next 
Variable Determination Date (including, where the 
Variable Interest Commencement Date is not a 
Variable 
Determination 
Date, 
the 
period 
commencing on the first Variable Determination 
Date 
prior 
to 
the 
Variable 
Interest 
Commencement Date, and where the final 
Variable Interest Payment Date is not a Variable 
Determination 
Date, 
the 
first 
Variable 
Determination Date falling after the final Variable 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be).

--- Page 265 ---
265 
Die Anzahl der Variablen Feststellungstermine im 
Kalenderjahr 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Variabler 
Feststellungstermin") 
beträgt 
[Anzahl 
der 
regulären 
variablen 
Zinszahlungstage 
im 
Kalenderjahr einfügen].] 
The number of variable determination dates per 
calendar year (each a "Variable Determination 
Date") is [insert number of regular variable 
interest payment dates per calendar year].] 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ISDA) anwendbar ist, 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 
(oder, 
falls 
ein 
Teil 
des 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums in ein Schaltjahr fällt, 
die Summe aus: (x) der tatsächlichen Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
in 
dem 
Teil 
des 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die in das Schaltjahr 
fallen, dividiert durch 366; und (y) die tatsächliche 
Anzahl von Kalendertagen in dem Teil des 
Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die nicht in 
ein Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 365).] 
[In case Actual/Actual (ISDA) applies, insert: 
the actual number of calendar days in the 
Variable Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if 
any calculation portion of that Variable Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of: (x) the 
actual number of calendar days in that portion of 
the Variable Calculation Period falling in a leap 
year divided by 366; and (y) the actual number of 
calendar days in that portion of the Variable 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365).] 
[Falls 
Actual/365 
(Fixed) 
anwendbar 
ist, 
einfügen: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
[In case Actual/365 (Fixed) applies, insert: the 
actual number of calendar days in the Variable 
Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
[Falls Actual/360 anwendbar ist, einfügen: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert 
durch 360.] 
[In case Actual/360 applies, insert: the actual 
number of calendar days in the Variable 
Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
[Falls 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, 
wobei die Anzahl der Kalendertage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Kalendertagen 
mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Kalendertagen zu 
ermitteln 
ist 
(es 
sei 
denn: 
(x) der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
fällt 
auf 
den 
31. Kalendertag eines Monats, während der erste 
Kalendertag 
des 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 30. 
noch auf den 31. Kalendertag eines Monats fällt, 
wobei in diesem Fall der den letzten Kalendertag 
enthaltende 
Monat 
nicht 
als 
ein 
auf 
30 Kalendertage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln 
ist, oder (y) der letzte Kalendertag des Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten 
Kalendertag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln ist).] 
[In case 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
applies, insert: the number of calendar days in 
the Variable Calculation Period divided by 360, 
the number of calendar days to be calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 calendar days with 
twelve 30-calendar day months (unless: (x) the 
last calendar day of the Variable Calculation 
Period is the 31st calendar day of a month but the 
first calendar day of the Variable Calculation 
Period is a calendar day other than the 30th or 
31st calendar day of a month, in which case the 
month that includes that last calendar day shall 
not be considered to be shortened to a 30-
calendar day month, or (y) the last calendar day 
of the Variable Calculation Period is the last 
calendar day of the month of February in which 
case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-calendar day 
month).] 
[Falls 
30E/360 
oder 
Eurobond 
Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen 
im 
Variablen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360 
(wobei die Anzahl der Kalendertage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Kalendertagen 
mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Kalendertagen zu 
ermitteln ist, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des 
Datums des ersten oder letzten Kalendertages 
des Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei 
[In case 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis applies, 
insert: the number of calendar days in the 
Variable Calculation Period divided by 360 (the 
number of calendar days to be calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 calendar days with twelve 
30-calendar day months, without regard to the 
date of the first calendar day or last calendar day 
of the Variable Calculation Period unless, in the 
case of the final Variable Calculation Period, the 
Maturity Date is the last calendar day of the

--- Page 266 ---
266 
denn, der Fälligkeitstag ist, im Fall des letzten 
Variablen Zinsberechnungszeitraums, der letzte 
Kalendertag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln ist).] 
month of February, in which case the month of 
February 
shall 
not 
be 
considered 
to 
be 
lengthened to a 30-calendar day month).] 
([3]) Verzugszinsen. 
Der 
Zinslauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Ablauf des 
Kalendertages, der dem Kalendertag vorangeht, 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin 
die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht 
einlöst, wird der ausstehende Gesamtnennbetrag 
der Schuldverschreibungen vom Kalendertag der 
Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Kalendertag der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) weiterhin 
in Höhe des jeweils vorgesehenen Zinssatzes 
verzinst. 
Weitergehende 
Ansprüche 
der 
Gläubiger bleiben unberührt.] 
([3]) Default Interest. The Notes shall cease to 
bear interest from the expiry of the calendar day 
preceding the due date for redemption. If the 
Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, 
interest 
shall 
continue 
to 
accrue 
on 
the 
outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes from, and including, the due date for 
redemption to, but excluding, the date of actual 
redemption of the Notes at the respective rate of 
interest specified. This does not affect any 
additional rights that might be available to the 
Holders.] 
[Bei 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
Referenz[zins]satz, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a Reference [Interest] 
Rate, insert: 
([4]) Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz. Im Fall eines 
Benchmark-Ereignisses 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert): (i) bemüht sich die Emittentin im 
angemessenen Umfang einen Unabhängigen 
Berater zu ernennen, um im billigen Ermessen 
des Unabhängigen Beraters (in Abstimmung mit 
der Berechnungsstelle und in gutem Glauben und 
auf 
eine 
wirtschaftlich 
vernünftige 
Weise 
handelnd (das "Ersetzungsziel")) einen Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz zu bestimmen, der an die 
Stelle des vom Benchmark-Ereignis betroffenen 
ursprünglichen Referenz[zins]satzes tritt; oder 
(ii) falls der Unabhängige Berater von der 
Emittentin 
nicht 
ernannt 
wird 
oder 
nicht 
zeitgerecht ernannt werden kann oder falls ein 
Unabhängiger Berater von der Emittentin ernannt 
wird, 
aber 
dieser 
keinen 
Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz bestimmt, dann kann die 
Emittentin 
(unter 
Berücksichtigung 
des 
Ersetzungsziels) bestimmen, welcher Satz (falls 
überhaupt) 
den 
vom 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
betroffenen ursprünglichen Referenz[zins]satz 
ersetzt hat. Ein Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz gilt ab 
dem vom Unabhängigen Berater oder von der 
Emittentin (je nachdem) im billigen Ermessen 
bestimmten 
Feststellungstag 
(einschließlich), 
frühestens jedoch ab dem Feststellungstag, der 
mit dem Benchmark-Ereignis zusammenfällt oder 
auf dieses folgt, erstmals mit Wirkung für die 
Zinsperiode, für die an diesem Feststellungstag 
der Zinssatz festgelegt wird. Der "Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz" ist ein Satz (ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz per annum), der sich aus einem vom 
Unabhängigen Berater oder von der Emittentin (je 
nachdem) im billigen Ermessen festgelegten 
Alternativ-Referenz[zins]satz 
(der 
"Alternativ-
Referenz[zins]satz"), der von einem Dritten 
bereitgestellt wird und der alle anwendbaren 
([4]) Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate. In the 
event of a Benchmark Event: (i) the Issuer shall 
use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent 
Advisor 
to 
determine 
in 
the 
Independent Advisor's reasonable discretion (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent and acting 
in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner 
(the 
"Substitution 
Objective")) 
a 
Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate which shall 
replace the original Reference [Interest] Rate 
affected by the Benchmark Event; or (ii) if no 
Independent Advisor is or can be timely appointed 
by the Issuer or if an Independent Advisor is 
appointed by the Issuer, but fails to determine a 
Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate, then the 
Issuer 
(in 
consideration 
of 
the 
Substitute 
Objective) may determine which (if any) rate has 
replaced the original Reference [Interest] Rate 
affected by the Benchmark Event. Any Substitute 
Reference [Interest] Rate shall apply from (and 
including) the Determination Day determined by 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) in its due discretion, which shall be 
no earlier than the Determination Day falling on or 
immediately following the date of the Benchmark 
Event, with first effect for the Interest Period for 
which the Rate of Interest is determined on such 
Determination Day. The "Substitute Reference 
[Interest] Rate" shall be a rate (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) which corresponds to 
an alternative reference [interest] rate (the 
"Alternative 
Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate") 
provided by a third party and meeting any 
applicable legal requirements for being used for 
determining the payment obligations under the 
Notes determined by the Independent Advisor or 
the Issuer (as the case may be) in its due 
discretion, 
as 
modified 
by 
applying 
the

--- Page 267 ---
267 
rechtlichen Voraussetzungen erfüllt, um ihn zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen zu verwenden, mit 
den vom Unabhängigen Berater oder von der 
Emittentin (je nachdem) im billigen Ermessen 
gegebenenfalls bestimmten Anpassungen, die in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
einer 
Allgemein 
Akzeptierten 
Marktpraxis, 
einem 
Amtlichen 
Ersetzungskonzept oder einer Branchenlösung 
gegebenenfalls empfohlen werden, (zB in Form 
von Auf- oder Abschlägen) ergibt. 
adjustments, which in accordance with the 
Generally Accepted Market Practice, an Official 
Substitution Concept or an Industry Solution (if 
any) are recommended, (e.g. in the form of 
premiums or discounts), if any, that may be 
determined by the Independent Advisor or the 
Issuer (as the case may be) in its due discretion. 
Unbeschadet 
der 
Allgemeingültigkeit 
des 
Vorstehenden wird der Unabhängige Berater 
oder die Emittentin (je nachdem) insbesondere, 
aber 
ohne 
Beschränkung, 
ein 
Amtliches 
Ersetzungskonzept, eine Branchenlösung oder 
eine 
Allgemein 
Akzeptierte 
Marktpraxis 
berücksichtigen. 
Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be)  shall in particular, but without 
limitation take into consideration an Official 
Substitution Concept, an Industry Solution or a 
Generally Accepted Market Practice. 
Bestimmt der Unabhängige Berater oder die 
Emittentin 
(je 
nachdem) 
einen 
Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz, 
so 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt,  nach billigem Ermessen diejenigen 
Änderungen 
in 
den 
verfahrensmäßigen  
Festlegungen in Bezug auf die Bestimmung des 
aktuellen 
Ersatz- 
Referenz[zins]satzes 
(zB 
Feststellungstag, 
maßgebliche 
Uhrzeit, 
maßgebliche Bildschirmseite für den Bezug des 
Alternativ-Referenz[zins]satzes 
sowie 
Ausfallbestimmungen 
für 
den 
Fall 
der 
Nichtverfügbarkeit 
der 
maßgeblichen 
Bildschirmseite) und diejenigen Anpassungen an 
die Definition von "Geschäftstag" in § 1 (6) und 
die Bestimmungen zur Geschäftstagekonvention 
in § 4 (3) vorzunehmen, die in Übereinstimmung 
mit der Allgemein Akzeptierten Marktpraxis, dem 
Amtlichen 
Ersetzungskonzept 
oder 
der 
Branchenlösung erforderlich oder zweckmäßig 
sind, um die Ersetzung des Referenz[zins]satzes 
durch den Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz praktisch 
durchführbar zu machen. 
If the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) determines a Substitute Reference 
[Interest] Rate, it shall also be entitled to make, in 
its due discretion, any such adjustments to the 
procedural 
determinations 
relating 
to 
the 
determination of the current Substitute Reference 
[Interest] Rate (e.g. the determination day, the 
relevant time, the relevant screen page for 
obtaining the Alternative Reference [Interest] 
Rate and the fallback provisions in the event that 
the relevant screen page is not available) and to 
make such adjustments to the definition of 
"Business Day" in § 1 (6) and the business day 
convention 
provisions 
in 
§ 4 (3) 
which 
in 
accordance with the Generally Accepted Market 
Practice, the Official Substitution Concept or the 
Industry Solution are necessary or expedient to 
make the substitution of the Reference [Interest] 
Rate by the Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate 
operative. 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" bezeichnet: 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) den 
Fall, 
dass 
die 
regelmäßige 
Veröffentlichung des Referenz[zins]satzes (oder 
maßgeblicher Bestandteile davon) eingestellt wird 
oder der Referenz[zins]satz (oder maßgebliche 
Bestandteile davon) ganz wegfällt; oder 
(a) the case that the Reference [Interest] Rate (or 
any component part thereof) ceases to be 
published on a regular basis or ceases to exist; or 
(b) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung 
des 
Administrators des Referenz[zins]satzes oder der 
für den Administrator des Referenz[zins]satzes 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
dass 
(i) 
die 
Ermittlung, Bereitstellung oder Bekanntgabe des 
Referenz[zins]satzes 
dauerhaft 
oder 
auf 
unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt worden ist oder 
eingestellt werden wird, ohne dass ein Nachfolge-
Administrator 
existiert, 
oder 
(ii) 
der 
Referenz[zins]satz 
aus 
sonstigen 
Gründen 
dauerhaft und endgültigen wegfällt; oder 
(b) a public statement by the administrator or the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate, 
that 
(i) 
the 
determination, 
provision or publication of the Reference [Interest] 
Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued in circumstances where 
no successor administrator exists, or (ii) the 
Reference [Interest] Rate permanently or finally 
ceases to exist for other reasons; or 
 
(c) eine wesentliche Änderung der Methode zur 
(c) a material change in the methodology of

--- Page 268 ---
268 
Ermittlung 
oder 
Berechnung 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes im Vergleich zu derjenigen 
Methode, 
die 
bei 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zur Anwendung kam, 
oder eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung des 
Administrators des Referenz[zins]satzes oder der 
für den Administrator des  Referenz[zins]satzes 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
dass 
eine 
wesentliche 
Änderung 
der 
Methode 
zur 
Ermittlung 
oder 
Berechnung 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes im Vergleich zu derjenigen 
Methode, 
die 
bei 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zur Anwendung kam, 
eingetreten ist oder eintreten wird, was dazu führt 
oder führen wird, dass der gemäß der neuen 
Methode berechnete Referenz[zins]satz nicht 
mehr den Referenz[zins]satz repräsentiert oder 
repräsentieren 
wird 
oder 
zu 
repräsentieren 
geeignet ist oder geeignet sein wird oder aus 
sonstigen 
Gründen 
seinem 
wirtschaftlichen 
Gehalt 
nach 
nicht 
mehr 
mit 
dem 
Referenz[zins]satz vergleichbar ist, der mit der 
bei Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen zur 
Anwendung gekommenen Methode ermittelt oder 
berechnet wurde; oder 
determining or calculating the Reference [Interest] 
Rate as compared to the methodology used at the 
time of the issuance of the Notes, or a public 
statement by the administrator of the Reference 
[Interest] Rate or by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Reference [Interest] Rate that 
a material change in the methodology of 
determining or calculating the Reference [Interest] 
Rate as compared to the methodology used at the 
time of the issuance of the Notes, has occurred or 
will occur which results or will result in the 
Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate, 
calculated 
in 
accordance with the new methodology, no longer 
representing, 
or 
being 
apt 
to 
represent 
adequately, the Reference [Interest] Rate or in 
terms of economic substance no longer being 
comparable to the Reference [Interest] Rate 
determined or calculated in accordance with the 
methodology used at the time of the issuance of 
the Notes; or 
(d) eine öffentliche Bekanntmachung durch die 
für den Administrator des Referenz[zins]satzes 
zuständige 
Aufsichtsbehörde, 
dass 
der 
Referenz[zins]satz für den zugrundeliegenden 
Markt oder die wirtschaftliche Realität dauerhaft 
und unabänderlich nicht mehr repräsentativ ist; 
oder 
(d) a public statement is made by the supervisor 
of the administrator of the Reference [Interest] 
Rate that the Reference [Interest] Rate is no 
longer representative of an underlying market or 
economic reality on a permanent and irremediable 
basis; or 
(e) die Anwendbarkeit eines Gesetzes oder einer 
sonstigen 
Rechtsvorschrift 
oder 
einer 
behördlichen 
oder 
gerichtlichen 
Anordnung, 
Verfügung 
oder 
sonstigen 
verbindlichen 
Maßnahme, die unmittelbar dazu führt, dass der 
Referenz[zins]satz nicht mehr als Referenzsatz 
zur Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
unter den Schuldverschreibungen verwendet 
werden darf oder nach der eine derartige 
Verwendung 
nicht 
nur 
unwesentlichen 
Beschränkungen 
oder 
nachteiligen 
Folgen 
unterliegt. 
(e) the applicability of any law or any other legal 
provision, or of any administrative or judicial 
order, decree or other binding measure, pursuant 
to which the Reference [Interest] Rate may no 
longer be used as a reference rate to determine 
the payment obligations under the Notes, or 
pursuant to which any such use is subject to not 
only 
immaterial 
restrictions 
or 
adverse 
consequences. 
"Amtliches 
Ersetzungskonzept" 
bezeichnet 
eine verbindliche oder unverbindliche öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung von (i) der EU-Kommission 
oder 
eines 
EU-Mitgliedstaates 
unter 
Berücksichtigung 
der 
Empfehlung 
einer 
Arbeitsgruppe für alternative Referenzzinssätze, 
die unter der Schirmherrschaft der Zentralbank 
tätig ist, die für die Währung zuständig ist, auf die 
die Zinssätze der Ersatz-Benchmark laute, sofern 
verfügbar, 
oder 
(ii) 
einer 
der 
folgenden 
Einrichtungen, vorausgesetzt, dass sie für die 
Abgabe einer solchen Erklärung zuständig sind: 
eine Zentralbank, eine Aufsichtsbehörde oder ein 
öffentlich-rechtlich konstituiertes oder besetztes 
Aufsichts- oder Fachgremium der Finanzbranche, 
wonach 
ein 
bestimmter 
Referenzsatz, 
"Official Substitution Concept" means any 
binding or non-binding public statement by (i) the 
EU Commission or any EU Member State taking 
into 
account, 
where 
available, 
the 
recommendation by an alternative reference rate 
working group operating under the auspices of the 
central bank responsible for the currency in which 
the interest rates of the replacement benchmark 
are denominated or (ii) any of the following 
entities provided that they are competent to make 
such statement: a central bank, a supervisory 
authority or a supervisory or expert body of the 
financial sector established under public law or 
composed 
of 
publicly 
appointed 
members 
pursuant to which a certain reference rate, subject 
to certain adjustments (if any), should or could be

--- Page 269 ---
269 
gegebenenfalls 
unter 
Vornahme 
bestimmter 
Anpassungen, 
an 
die 
Stelle 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes treten solle oder könne 
oder wonach ein bestimmtes Verfahren zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen, die 
ansonsten 
unter 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Referenz[zins]satz bestimmt werden würden, zur 
Anwendung gelangen solle oder könne. 
used to replace the Reference [Interest] Rate or 
pursuant to which a certain procedure should or 
could be used in order to determine payment 
obligations which would otherwise be determined 
by reference to the Reference [Interest] Rate. 
"Branchenlösung" bezeichnet eine öffentliche 
Bekanntmachung der International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association (ISDA), der International 
Capital 
Markets 
Association 
(ICMA), 
der 
Association for Financial Markets in Europe 
(AFME), der Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (SIFMA), der SIFMA Asset 
Management Group (SIFMA AMG), der Loan 
Markets Association (LMA), des Deutschen 
Derivate Verbands (DDV), des Zertifikate Forum 
Österreich 
oder 
eines 
sonstigen 
privaten 
Branchenverbands der Finanzwirtschaft, wonach 
ein bestimmter Referenzsatz, gegebenenfalls 
unter Vornahme bestimmter Anpassungen, an die 
Stelle des Referenz[zins]satzes treten solle oder 
könne oder wonach ein bestimmtes Verfahren zur 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen, die 
ansonsten 
unter 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Referenz[zins]satz bestimmt werden würden, zur 
Anwendung gelangen solle oder könne. 
"Industry Solution" means any public statement 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association (ISDA), the International Capital 
Markets Association (ICMA), the Association for 
Financial 
Markets 
in 
Europe 
(AFME), 
the 
Securities 
Industry 
and 
Financial 
Markets 
Association 
(SIFMA), 
the 
SIFMA 
Asset 
Management Group (SIFMA AMG), the Loan 
Markets 
Association 
(LMA), 
the 
Deutsche 
Derivate Verbands (DDV), the Zertifikate Forum 
Austria or any other private association of the 
financial industry pursuant to which a certain 
reference rate, subject to certain adjustments (if 
any), should or could be used to replace the 
Reference [Interest] Rate or pursuant to which a 
certain procedure should or could be used in 
order to determine payment obligations which 
would otherwise be determined by reference to 
the Reference [Interest] Rate. 
"Allgemein 
Akzeptierte 
Marktpraxis" 
bezeichnet 
die 
übliche 
Verwendung 
eines 
bestimmten 
Referenzsatzes, 
gegebenenfalls 
unter 
Vornahme 
bestimmter 
Anpassungen, 
anstelle 
des 
Referenz[zins]satzes 
oder 
die 
vertragliche oder anderweitige Regelung eines 
bestimmten Verfahrens zur Bestimmung von 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen, die ansonsten unter 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Referenz[zins]satz 
bestimmt worden wären, in einer Vielzahl von 
Anleiheemissionen 
nach 
dem 
Eintritt 
eines 
Benchmark-Ereignisses 
oder 
eine 
sonstige 
allgemein akzeptierte Marktpraxis zur Ersetzung 
des Referenz[zins]satzes als Referenzsatz für die 
Bestimmung von Zahlungsverpflichtungen. 
"Generally Accepted Market Practice" means 
the customary use of a certain reference rate, 
subject to certain adjustments (if any), as 
substitute rate for the Reference [Interest] Rate or 
of provisions, contractual or otherwise, providing 
for a certain procedure to determine payment 
obligations which would otherwise have been 
determined by reference to the Reference 
[Interest] Rate in a material number of bond 
issues following the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Event, or any other generally accepted market 
practice to replace the Reference [Interest] Rate 
as reference rate for the determination of payment 
obligations. 
Für die Zwecke dieses Unterabsatzes bezeichnet 
der "Unabhängige Berater" ein unabhängiges 
Finanzinstitut von internationaler Reputation oder 
einen anderen unabhängigen Finanzberater in 
der Eurozone mit Erfahrung am internationalen 
Kapitalmarkt, der jeweils von der Emittentin auf 
ihre eigenen Kosten ernannt wird. 
For 
the 
purposes 
of 
this 
subparagraph 
"Independent Advisor" means an independent 
financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial advisor in the Euro zone 
experienced in the international capital markets, in 
each case appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense. 
Der Unabhängige Berater oder die Emittentin (je 
nachdem) 
sind 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
berechtigt, aber nicht verpflichtet, in Bezug auf 
ein und dasselbe Benchmark-Ereignis mehrfach 
einen Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz nach Maßgabe 
der Bestimmungen dieses Unterabsatzes zu 
bestimmen, wenn diese spätere Bestimmung 
besser 
geeignet 
ist 
als 
die 
jeweils 
vorangegangene, 
das 
Ersetzungsziel 
zu 
erreichen. 
Die 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
The Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) is entitled, but not obliged, to 
determine, in its due discretion, a Substitute 
Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate 
pursuant 
to 
the 
provisions of this subparagraph several times in 
relation to the same Benchmark Event, provided 
that each later determination is better suitable 
than the earlier one to realise the Substitution 
Objective. The provisions of this subparagraph 
shall also apply mutatis mutandis in the event of a

--- Page 270 ---
270 
Unterabsatzes gelten auch entsprechend für den 
Fall, dass in Bezug auf einen vom Unabhängigen 
Berater oder von der Emittentin (je nachdem) 
zuvor bestimmten Alternativ-Referenz[zins]satz 
ein Benchmark-Ereignis eintritt. 
Benchmark Event occurring in relation to any 
Alternative Reference [Interest] Rate previously 
determined by the Independent Advisor or the 
Issuer (as the case may be). 
Hat der Unabhängige Berater oder die Emittentin 
(je nachdem) nach Eintritt eines Benchmark-
Ereignisses 
einen 
Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz 
bestimmt, so wird veranlasst, dass der Eintritt des 
Benchmark-Ereignisses, der vom Unabhängigen 
Berater oder von der Emittentin (je nachdem) 
bestimmte Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satz sowie alle 
weiteren 
damit 
zusammenhängenden 
Festsetzungen des Unabhängigen Beraters oder 
der Emittentin (je nachdem) gemäß diesem 
Unterabsatz der Berechnungsstelle und den 
Gläubigern gemäß § 10 baldmöglichst, aber 
keinesfalls später als am vierten auf die 
Bestimmung 
des 
Ersatz-Referenz[zins]satzes 
folgenden Geschäftstag sowie jeder Börse, an 
der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln 
eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
die 
Börse 
verlangen, 
baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls später als zu 
Beginn der Zinsperiode, ab der der Ersatz-
Referenz[zins]satz erstmals anzuwenden ist, 
mitgeteilt werden.] 
If the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) has determined a Substitute 
Reference 
[Interest] 
Rate 
following 
the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event, it will cause 
the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, the 
Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate determined 
by the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) and any further determinations of 
the Independent Advisor or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) pursuant to this subparagraph 
associated therewith to be notified to the 
Calculation 
Agent 
and 
to 
the 
Holders 
in 
accordance with § 10 as soon as possible, but in 
no event later than the fourth Business Day 
following the determination of the Substitute 
Reference [Interest] Rate and, if required by the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are from time to time listed, to such stock 
exchange as soon as possible, but in no event 
later than the first day of the Interest Period to 
which the Substitute Reference [Interest] Rate 
applies for the first time.] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen: 
[In case of Zero Coupon Notes insert: 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Keine 
periodischen 
Zinsenzahlungen. 
Es 
erfolgen keine periodischen Zinsenzahlungen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emissionsrendite 
beträgt [Emissionsrendite einfügen]. 
(1) No Periodic Payments of Interest. There will 
not be any periodic payments of interest on the 
Notes. The issue yield is [insert issue yield]. 
(2) Verzugszinsen. 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bei 
Fälligkeit 
nicht 
einlöst, wird der ausstehende Gesamtnennbetrag 
der Schuldverschreibungen vom Kalendertag der 
Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis zum Kalendertag der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (ausschließlich) weiterhin 
in 
Höhe 
der 
jeweils 
vorgesehenen 
Emissionsrendite 
verzinst. 
Weitergehende 
Ansprüche der Gläubiger bleiben unberührt. 
(2) Default Interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem 
the Notes when due, interest shall continue to 
accrue on the outstanding aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes from, and including, the due 
date for redemption to, but excluding, the date of 
actual redemption of the Notes at the respective 
Issue Yield specified. This does not affect any 
additional rights that might be available to the 
Holders. 
(3) Zinstagequotient. 
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung des 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrags für den in 
§ 5 ([6/7]) bestimmten Berechnungszeitraum: 
(3) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" 
means, in relation to the calculation of the Early 
Redemption Amount in respect of the Calculation 
Period as defined in § 5 ([6/7]): 
[Falls 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert 
durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Kalendertage 
auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 
Kalendertagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 
Kalendertagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (1) 
der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Berechnungszeitraums 
fällt 
auf 
den 
31. 
[In case 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
applies, insert: the number of calendar days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number 
of calendar days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 calendar days with twelve 30-calendar 
day months (unless (1) the last calendar day of 
the Calculation Period is the 31st calendar day of 
a month but the first calendar day of the 
Calculation Period is a calendar day other than

--- Page 271 ---
271 
Kalendertag eines Monats, während der erste 
Kalendertag des Berechnungszeitraums weder 
auf den 30. noch auf den 31. Kalendertag eines 
Monats fällt, wobei in diesem Fall der den letzten 
Kalendertag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 
30 Kalendertage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln 
ist, 
oder 
(2) 
der 
letzte 
Kalendertag 
des 
Berechnungszeitraums 
fällt 
auf 
den 
letzten 
Kalendertag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 
Kalendertage 
verlängerter 
Monat 
zu 
behandeln ist).] 
the 30th or 31st calendar day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last calendar 
day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 
30-calendar day month, or (2) the last calendar 
day of the Calculation Period is the last calendar 
day of the month of February in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-calendar day month).] 
[Falls 
30E/360 
oder 
Eurobond 
Basis 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: die Anzahl von 
Kalendertagen im Berechnungszeitraum dividiert 
durch 360 (wobei die Anzahl der Kalendertage 
auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 
Kalendertagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 
Kalendertagen zu ermitteln ist, und zwar ohne 
Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten 
Kalendertages 
des 
Berechnungszeitraums, 
es 
sei 
denn, 
der 
Fälligkeitstag 
ist, 
im 
Fall 
des 
letzten 
Berechnungszeitraums, der letzte Kalendertag 
des Monats Februar, wobei in diesem Fall der 
Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Kalendertage 
verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).]] 
[In case 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis applies, 
insert: the number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of 
calendar days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 calendar days with twelve 30-calendar 
day months, without regard to the date of the first 
calendar day or last calendar day of the 
Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last 
calendar day of the month of February, in which 
case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-calendar day 
month).]] 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1) [(a)] Zahlung von Kapital. Die Zahlung von 
Kapital auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden 
Absatzes (2) an das Clearingsystem oder 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearingsystems.  
(1) [(a)] Payment 
of 
Principal. 
Payment 
of 
principal on the Notes shall be made, 
subject to paragraph (2) below, to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the 
accounts 
of 
the 
relevant 
accountholders of the Clearing System. 
[Bei 
allen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
außer 
Nullkupon Schuldverschreibungen, einfügen: 
[Insert for all Notes other than Zero Coupon 
Notes: 
(b) 
Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden 
Absatzes (2) an das Clearingsystem oder 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearingsystems.] 
(b) 
Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on 
the Notes shall be made, subject to 
paragraph (2) 
below, 
to 
the 
Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant accountholders of 
the Clearing System.] 
(2) Zahlungsweise. 
Vorbehaltlich 
geltender 
steuerlicher 
und 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften erfolgen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu leistende Zahlungen in 
der festgelegten Währung. 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable 
fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments 
of amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be 
made in the Specified Currency. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, deren 
festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, einfügen: 
Stellt die Emittentin fest, dass es aufgrund von 
Umständen, die außerhalb der Verantwortung der 
Emittentin 
liegen, 
unmöglich 
ist, 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu leistende Zahlungen 
am 
maßgeblichen 
Fälligkeitstag 
in 
frei 
handelbaren 
und 
konvertierbaren 
Geldern 
[In case of Notes whose Specified Currency is 
not Euro, insert: If the Issuer determines that it 
is impossible to make payments of amounts due 
on the Notes in freely negotiable and convertible 
funds on the relevant due date for reasons 
beyond its control or that the Specified Currency 
or any successor currency provided for by law 
(the "Successor Currency") is no longer used for

--- Page 272 ---
272 
vorzunehmen, oder dass die festgelegte Währung 
oder eine gesetzlich eingeführte Nachfolge-
Währung (die "Nachfolge-Währung") nicht mehr 
für 
die 
Abwicklung 
von 
internationalen 
Finanztransaktionen verwendet wird, kann die 
Emittentin 
ihre 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
am 
maßgeblichen Fälligkeitstag durch eine Zahlung 
in Euro auf der Grundlage des anwendbaren 
Wechselkurses erfüllen. Die Gläubiger sind nicht 
berechtigt, 
weitere 
Zinsen 
oder 
zusätzliche 
Beträge in Bezug auf eine solche Zahlung zu 
verlangen. Der "anwendbare Wechselkurs" ist: 
(i) (falls ein solcher Wechselkurs verfügbar ist) 
derjenige 
Wechselkurs 
des 
Euro 
zu 
der 
festgelegten Währung oder gegebenenfalls der 
Nachfolge-Währung, der von der Europäischen 
Zentralbank für einen Kalendertag festgelegt und 
veröffentlicht 
wurde, 
der 
innerhalb 
eines 
angemessenen (wie von der Emittentin in ihrem 
billigen Ermessen bestimmt) Zeitraums vor und 
so nahe wie möglich an dem maßgeblichen 
Fälligkeitstag lag; oder (ii) (falls kein solcher 
Wechselkurs 
verfügbar 
ist) 
derjenige 
Wechselkurs des Euro zu der festgelegten 
Währung oder gegebenenfalls der Nachfolge-
Währung, den die Zahlstelle als arithmetisches 
Mittel aus den ihr von vier führenden, im 
internationalen 
Fremdwährungshandel 
tätigen 
Banken 
angebotenen 
Briefkursen 
für 
die 
festgelegte Währung oder gegebenenfalls die 
Nachfolge-Währung für einen Kalendertag, der 
innerhalb eines angemessenen (wie von der 
Zahlstelle in ihrem billigen Ermessen bestimmt) 
Zeitraums vor und so nahe wie möglich an dem 
maßgeblichen Fälligkeitstag liegt; oder (iii) (falls 
kein solcher Wechselkurs verfügbar ist) der von 
der Zahlstelle nach billigem Ermessen festgelegte 
Wechselkurs des Euro zu der festgelegten 
Währung oder gegebenenfalls der Nachfolge-
Währung.] 
the 
settlement 
of 
international 
financial 
transactions, the Issuer may fulfil its payment 
obligations by making such payments in Euro on 
the relevant due date on the basis of the 
Applicable Exchange Rate. Holders shall not be 
entitled to further interest or any additional 
amounts as a result of such payment. The 
"Applicable Exchange Rate" shall be: (i) (if such 
exchange rate is available) the exchange rate of 
Euro against the Specified Currency or the 
Successor Currency (if applicable) determined 
and published by the European Central Bank for 
the most recent calendar day falling within a 
reasonable (as determined by the Issuer in its 
reasonable discretion) period of time prior to the 
relevant due date; or (ii) (if such exchange rate is 
not available) the exchange rate of Euro against 
the 
Specified 
Currency 
or 
the 
Successor 
Currency (if applicable) which the Paying Agent 
has calculated as the arithmetic mean of offered 
rates concerning the Specified Currency or the 
Successor Currency (if applicable) quoted to the 
Paying Agent by four leading banks operating in 
the international foreign exchange market for the 
most recent calendar day falling within a 
reasonable (as determined by the Paying Agent 
in its reasonable discretion) period of time prior to 
the relevant due date; or (iii) (if such exchange 
rate is not available) the exchange rate of Euro 
against the Specified Currency or the Successor 
Currency (if applicable) as determined by the 
Paying Agent in its reasonable discretion.] 
[Bei 
allen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
außer 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
Fix-to-Floating 
Verzinsung, einfügen: 
[Insert for all Notes other than Notes with Fix-
to-Floating interest: 
(3) Zahltag. Sofern der Fälligkeitstag für eine 
Zahlung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
ansonsten auf einen Kalendertag fiele, der kein 
Zahltag (wie nachstehend definiert) ist, so wird 
der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung 
(3) Payment Business Day. If the due date for any 
payment in respect of the Notes would otherwise 
fall on a calendar day which is not a Payment 
Business Day (as defined below), the due date for 
such payment shall be 
[bei 
Anwendung 
der 
Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention einfügen: auf den 
nächstfolgenden Kalendertag verschoben, bei 
dem es sich um einen Zahltag handelt, es sei 
denn, der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in 
diesem Fall wird der Fälligkeitstag für diese 
Zahlung auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden 
Kalendertag vorgezogen, bei dem es sich um 
einen Zahltag handelt.] 
[in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention applies, insert: postponed to the 
next calendar day which is a Payment Business 
Day unless the due date for such payment would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event the due date for such payment shall be the 
immediately preceding calendar day which is a 
Payment Business Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der Following Business Day 
Convention einfügen: auf den nächstfolgenden 
[in case Following Business Day Convention 
applies, insert: postponed to the next calendar

--- Page 273 ---
273 
Kalendertag verschoben, bei dem es sich um 
einen Zahltag handelt.] 
day which is a Payment Business Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der Preceding Business Day 
Convention einfügen: auf den unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden Kalendertag vorgezogen, bei 
dem es sich um einen Zahltag handelt.] 
[in case Preceding Business Day Convention 
applies, 
insert: 
moved 
forward 
to 
the 
immediately preceding calendar day which is a 
Payment Business Day.] 
"Zahltag" bezeichnet einen Kalendertag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag); (i) an dem das 
Clearingsystem geöffnet ist; und (ii) der ein 
Geschäftstag (wie in § 1 (6) definiert) ist. 
"Payment Business Day" means a calendar day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday): (i) on which 
the Clearing System is open; and (ii) which is a 
Business Day (as defined in § 1 (6)). 
[Falls der Zinsbetrag angepasst werden soll, 
einfügen: Falls der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
(wie 
oben 
beschrieben) 
[falls 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
oder Preceding Business Day Convention 
Anwendung finden, einfügen: vorgezogen wird] 
[oder] [falls Modified Following Business Day 
Convention oder Following Business Day 
Convention Anwendung finden, einfügen: sich 
nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
[If the Interest Amount shall be adjusted, 
insert: If the due date for a payment of interest is 
[in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: brought forward] 
[or] [in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: [postponed] (as 
described above), the amount of interest shall be 
adjusted accordingly.] 
[Falls der Zinsbetrag nicht angepasst werden 
soll, einfügen: Falls der Fälligkeitstag einer 
Zahlung von Zinsen (wie oben beschrieben) [falls 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
oder Preceding Business Day Convention 
Anwendung findet, einfügen: vorgezogen wird] 
[oder] [falls Modified Following Business Day 
Convention oder Following Business Day 
Convention Anwendung findet, einfügen: sich 
nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag nicht 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
[If the Interest Amount shall not be adjusted, 
insert: If the due date for a payment of interest is 
[in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: brought forward] 
[or] [in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: postponed] (as 
described above), the amount of interest shall not 
be adjusted accordingly.] 
Falls der Fälligkeitstag der Rückzahlung des 
Nennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
angepasst wird, ist der Gläubiger nicht berechtigt, 
Zahlungen 
aufgrund 
dieser 
Anpassung 
zu 
verlangen.] 
If the due date for the redemption of the principal 
amount of the Notes is adjusted the Holder shall 
not be entitled to payments in respect of such 
adjustment.] 
[Bei 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
Fix-to-
Floating Verzinsung, einfügen: 
[Insert for Notes with Fix-to-Floating interest: 
(3) Festzahltag. Sofern der Fälligkeitstag für eine 
Zahlung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen, 
der vor oder auf dem Zinssatzwechseltag liegt, 
ansonsten auf einen Kalendertag fiele, der kein 
Festzahltag (wie nachstehend definiert) ist, so 
wird der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung 
(3) Fixed Payment Business Day. If the due date 
for any payment in respect of the Notes which 
falls prior to or on the Interest Rate Change Date 
would otherwise fall on a calendar day which is 
not a Fixed Payment Business Day (as defined 
below), the due date for such payment shall be 
[bei 
Anwendung 
der 
Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention einfügen: auf den 
nächstfolgenden Kalendertag verschoben, bei 
dem es sich um einen Festzahltag handelt, es sei 
denn, der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in 
diesem Fall wird der Fälligkeitstag für diese 
Zahlung auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden 
Kalendertag vorgezogen, bei dem es sich um 
einen Festzahltag handelt.] 
[in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention applies, insert: postponed to the 
next calendar day which is a Fixed Payment 
Business Day unless the due date for such 
payment would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event the due date for such 
payment shall be the immediately preceding 
calendar day which is a Fixed Payment Business 
Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der Following Business Day 
Convention einfügen: auf den nächstfolgenden 
[in case Following Business Day Convention 
applies, insert: postponed to the next calendar

--- Page 274 ---
274 
Kalendertag verschoben, bei dem es sich um 
einen Festzahltag handelt.] 
day which is a Fixed Payment Business Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der Preceding Business Day 
Convention einfügen: auf den unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden Kalendertag vorgezogen, bei 
dem es sich um einen Festzahltag handelt.] 
[in case Preceding Business Day Convention 
applies, 
insert: 
moved 
forward 
to 
the 
immediately preceding calendar day which is a 
Fixed Payment Business Day.] 
"Festzahltag" 
bezeichnet 
einen 
Kalendertag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag); (i) an dem 
das Clearingsystem geöffnet ist; und (ii) der ein 
Geschäftstag (wie in § 1 (6) definiert) ist. 
"Fixed Payment Business Day" means a 
calendar day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday): (i) on which the Clearing System is 
open; and (ii) which is a Business Day (as defined 
in § 1 (6)). 
[Falls der Zinsbetrag angepasst werden soll, 
einfügen: Falls ein Festzahltag [falls Modified 
Following Business Day Convention oder 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
Anwendung finden, einfügen: vorgezogen wird] 
[oder] [falls Modified Following Business Day 
Convention oder Following Business Day 
Convention Anwendung finden, einfügen: sich 
nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
[If the Interest Amount shall be adjusted, 
insert: If any Fixed Payment Business Day is [in 
case 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
or 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: brought forward] 
[or] [in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: [postponed] (as 
described above), the amount of interest shall be 
adjusted accordingly.] 
[Falls der Zinsbetrag nicht angepasst werden 
soll, einfügen: Falls ein Festzahltag [falls 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
oder Preceding Business Day Convention 
Anwendung findet, einfügen: vorgezogen wird] 
[oder] [falls Modified Following Business Day 
Convention oder Following Business Day 
Convention Anwendung findet, einfügen: sich 
nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag nicht 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
[If the Interest Amount shall not be adjusted, 
insert: If any Fixed Payment Business Day is [in 
case 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
or 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: brought forward] 
[or] [in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: postponed] (as 
described above), the amount of interest shall not 
be adjusted accordingly.] 
(4) Variabler Zahltag. Sofern der Fälligkeitstag für 
eine 
Zahlung 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
der 
nach 
dem 
Zinssatzwechseltag liegt, ansonsten auf einen 
Kalendertag fiele, der kein Variabler Zahltag (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
ist, 
so 
wird 
der 
Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung 
(4) Variable Payment Business Day. If the due 
date for any payment in respect of the Notes 
which falls after the Interest Rate Change Date 
would otherwise fall on a calendar day which is 
not a Variable Payment Business Day (as defined 
below), the due date for such payment shall be 
[bei 
Anwendung 
der 
Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention einfügen: auf den 
nächstfolgenden Kalendertag verschoben, bei 
dem es sich um einen Variablen Zahltag handelt, 
es sei denn, der Fälligkeitstag für diese Zahlung 
würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat 
fallen; in diesem Fall wird der Fälligkeitstag für 
diese 
Zahlung 
auf 
den 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden Kalendertag vorgezogen, bei 
dem es sich um einen Variablen Zahltag handelt.] 
[in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention applies, insert: postponed to the 
next calendar day which is a Variable Payment 
Business Day unless the due date for such 
payment would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event the due date for such 
payment shall be the immediately preceding 
calendar day which is a Variable Payment 
Business Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der Following Business Day 
Convention einfügen: auf den nächstfolgenden 
Kalendertag verschoben, bei dem es sich um 
einen Variablen Zahltag handelt.] 
[in case Following Business Day Convention 
applies, insert: postponed to the next calendar 
day which is a Variable Payment Business Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der Preceding Business Day 
Convention einfügen: auf den unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden Kalendertag vorgezogen, bei 
dem es sich um einen Variablen Zahltag handelt.] 
[in case Preceding Business Day Convention 
applies, 
insert: 
moved 
forward 
to 
the 
immediately preceding calendar day which is a 
Variable Payment Business Day.] 
"Variabler 
Zahltag" 
bezeichnet 
einen 
"Variable Payment Business Day" means a

--- Page 275 ---
275 
Kalendertag 
(außer 
einem 
Samstag 
oder 
Sonntag); (i) an dem das Clearingsystem geöffnet 
ist; und (ii) der ein Geschäftstag (wie in § 1 (6) 
definiert) ist. 
calendar day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday): (i) on which the Clearing System is 
open; and (ii) which is a Business Day (as defined 
in § 1 (6)). 
[Falls der Zinsbetrag angepasst werden soll, 
einfügen: Falls ein Variabler Zahltag [falls 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
oder Preceding Business Day Convention 
Anwendung finden, einfügen: vorgezogen wird] 
[oder] [falls Modified Following Business Day 
Convention oder Following Business Day 
Convention Anwendung finden, einfügen: sich 
nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
[If the Interest Amount shall be adjusted, 
insert: If any Variable Payment Business Day is 
[in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: brought forward] 
[or] [in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: [postponed] (as 
described above), the amount of interest shall be 
adjusted accordingly.] 
[Falls der Zinsbetrag nicht angepasst werden 
soll, einfügen: Falls ein Variabler Zahltag [falls 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
oder Preceding Business Day Convention 
Anwendung findet, einfügen: vorgezogen wird] 
[oder] [falls Modified Following Business Day 
Convention oder Following Business Day 
Convention Anwendung findet, einfügen: sich 
nach hinten verschiebt], wird der Zinsbetrag nicht 
entsprechend angepasst.] 
[If the Interest Amount shall not be adjusted, 
insert: If any Variable Payment Business Day is 
[in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: brought forward] 
[or] [in case Modified Following Business Day 
Convention 
or 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention applies, insert: postponed] (as 
described above), the amount of interest shall not 
be adjusted accordingly.] 
Falls der Fälligkeitstag der Rückzahlung des 
Nennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
angepasst wird, ist der Gläubiger nicht berechtigt, 
Zahlungen 
aufgrund 
dieser 
Anpassung 
zu 
verlangen.] 
If the due date for the redemption of the principal 
amount of the Notes is adjusted the Holder shall 
not be entitled to payments in respect of such 
adjustment.] 
([4/5]) Bezugnahmen 
auf 
Kapital 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzahlbar 
sind, 
einfügen: und Zinsen]. Bezugnahmen in diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen 
auf 
"Kapital" 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, die folgenden Beträge ein: den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
(wie in § 5 (1) angegeben); den vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
(wie in § 5 angegeben); [falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
anderen 
als 
steuerlichen 
oder 
aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Gründen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
einfügen: 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (wie in § 5 angegeben);] 
[falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen, einfügen: den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (wie in § 5 angegeben);] 
sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren 
Beträge 
(außer 
Zinsen). 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen vorzeitig rückzahlbar sind, einfügen: 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
auf 
"Zinsen" 
aus 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß 
§ 7 (2) zahlbaren Zusätzlichen Beträge (wie in 
([4/5]) References to Principal [in case the Notes 
are early redeemable for reasons of taxation 
insert: and Interest]. References in these Terms 
and Conditions to "principal" in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes (as 
specified in § 5 (1)); the Early Redemption 
Amount of the Notes (as specified in § 5); [in 
case the Notes are early redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer for reasons other than for 
reasons of taxation or regulatory reasons 
insert: the Call Redemption Amount of the Notes 
(as specified in § 5);] [in case the Notes are 
early redeemable at the option of the Holder 
insert: the Put Redemption Amount of the Notes 
(as specified in § 5);] and any premium and any 
other amounts (other than interest) which may be 
payable under or in respect of the Notes. [In case 
the Notes are early redeemable for reasons of 
taxation insert: References in these Terms and 
Conditions to "interest" in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any 
Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7 (2)) which 
may be payable under § 7 (2).]

--- Page 276 ---
276 
§ 7 (2) definiert) ein.] 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
[Im Fall von Rückzahlung am Fälligkeitstag 
einfügen: 
[In case of redemption on the Maturity Date 
insert: 
(1) Rückzahlung am Fälligkeitstag. Soweit nicht 
zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt 
oder zurückgekauft und entwertet, werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
vorbehaltlich 
einer 
Anpassung in Übereinstimmung mit den in 
§ 4 ([3/4]) enthaltenen Bestimmungen zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
am 
[Fälligkeitstag 
einfügen] (der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. 
Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" in Bezug auf jede 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem Produkt aus 
dem Rückzahlungskurs und der festgelegten 
Stückelung.  
(1) Redemption on the Maturity Date. Unless 
previously redeemed in whole or in part or 
repurchased and cancelled, and subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the provisions set 
out in § 4 ([3/4]), the Notes shall be redeemed at 
their Final Redemption Amount on [insert 
Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date"). The "Final 
Redemption Amount" in respect of each Note 
shall be the product of the Redemption Price and 
the Specified Denomination.  
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fixem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with fixed redemption 
amount, insert: 
Der 
"Rückzahlungskurs" 
entspricht 
[Rückzahlungskurs 
als 
Prozentsatz 
einfügen]%.]] 
The "Redemption Price" is [insert redemption 
price as a percentage] per cent.]] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit 
inflationsabhängigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag, 
einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with inflation linked 
redemption amount, insert: 
(1) Rückzahlung 
am 
Fälligkeitstag. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(der 
"Rückzahlungsbetrag") 
am 
[Fälligkeitstag 
einfügen] (der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. 
(1) Redemption on the Maturity Date. The Notes 
shall be redeemed at their final redemption 
amount (the "Final Redemption Amount") on 
[insert Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date"). 
Der Rückzahlungsbetrag in Bezug auf jede 
Schuldverschreibung ausgedrückt in Prozent des 
Nennbetrags errechnet sich wie folgt: 
The Final Redemption Amount in respect of each 
Note expressed in per cent of its principal amount 
shall be calculated as follows: 
100 + Max {(HVPI(t) – HVPI(t-1))/HVPI(t-1) [*100] 
[*Faktor] [+][-] [Marge]; 0} 
100 + Max {(HICP(t) – HICP(t-1))/HICP(t-1) [*100] 
[*Factor] [+][-] [Marge]; 0} 
"HVPI(t)" meint den Stand des HVPI, wie er in 
Bezug auf [Bezugszeitraum (t)] veröffentlicht 
wird. 
"HICP(t)" means the level of the HICP that is 
published 
by 
reference 
to 
the 
[reference 
period(t)]. 
"HVPI(t-1)" meint den Stand des HVPI, der in 
Bezug auf [Bezugszeitraum (t-1)] veröffentlicht 
wird. 
"HICP(t-1)" means the level of the HICP that is 
published 
by 
reference 
to 
the 
[reference 
period(t-1)]. 
["Faktor" 
bedeutet 
eine 
definierte 
Zahl 
(Multiplikator des Inflationszinssatzes) und wurde 
mit [Faktor] festgelegt.] 
["Factor" means a defined number (a multiplier of 
the inflation rate) and has been determined as 
[factor].] 
["Marge" bedeutet eine definierte [Zahl][Anzahl 
von Prozentpunkten] und wurde mit [Marge] 
festgelegt.] 
["Marge" means a defined [number][number of 
percentage points] and has been determined as 
[marge].] 
 "HVPI" 
oder 
"Index" 
ist 
der 
unrevidierte 
Harmonisierte 
Verbraucherpreisindex 
(ohne 
Tabak)6 für die Euro-Zone (wie nachstehend 
"HICP" or "Index" is the unrevised Harmonised 
Index of Consumer Prices (excluding Tobacco)3 
for the Euro-Zone (as defined below), which is 
 
6  
Der unrevidierte harmonisierte Verbraucherpreisindex des Euroraums ohne Tabakwaren zählt zu den EU-
Verbraucherpreisindizes, die gemäß der Verordnung (EG) Nr. 2494/95 vom 23.10.1995 nach einem harmonisierten Ansatz

--- Page 277 ---
277 
definiert), der monatlich vom Statistischen Amt 
der Europäischen Gemeinschaft (EUROSTAT) 
(der 
"Indexsponsor") 
berechnet 
wird, 
und 
welcher auf der Bildschirmseite (wie nachstehend 
definiert) am Rückzahlungsfeststellungstag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) veröffentlicht wird. 
calculated on a monthly basis by the statistical 
office of the European Union (EUROSTAT) (the 
"Index Sponsor") and published on the Screen 
Page (as defined below) on the Redemption 
Determination Date (as defined below). 
Falls die Bildschirmseite nicht länger existiert und 
keine offizielle Nachfolgeseite bekannt gegeben 
wird, wird die Berechnungsstelle eine alternative 
Referenz für den Index festlegen. 
If the Screen Page ceases to exist and no official 
successor page is announced, the Calculation 
Agent will determine other reference with respect 
to the Index. 
Im Fall einer Änderung eines veröffentlichten 
Indexstandes, der nach mehr als 24 Stunden 
nach der ersten Veröffentlichung erfolgt, soll in 
jedem 
Fall 
der 
zunächst 
ursprünglich 
veröffentlichte 
Indexstand 
zur 
Berechnung 
maßgeblich sein. 
In case of any amendment of the published index 
level 24 hours after the first publication, the index 
level published first shall, in any case, be 
applicable to the calculation. 
Wird der Index nicht mehr vom Indexsponsor, 
sondern von einer anderen Person, Gesellschaft 
oder Institution, die die Berechnungsstelle für 
geeignet 
hält 
(der 
"Nachfolgesponsor") 
berechnet 
und 
veröffentlicht, 
so 
wird 
der 
anwendbare 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
des 
vom 
Nachfolgesponsor 
berechneten 
und 
veröffentlichten 
Index 
berechnet. Jede hier enthaltene Bezugnahme auf 
den 
Indexsponsor 
gilt, 
sofern 
es 
der 
Zusammenhang erlaubt, als Bezugnahme auf 
den Nachfolgesponsor. 
If the Index is not calculated and published by the 
Index Sponsor anymore but by another person, 
corporation or institution, which the Calculation 
Agent 
considers 
suitable 
(the 
"Successor 
Sponsor"), the applicable Final Redemption 
Amount shall be calculated on the basis of the 
Index calculated and published by the Successor 
Sponsor. Any reference to Index Sponsor 
contained herein, shall, in this context, be deemed 
to refer to the Successor Sponsor. 
Wird der Index zu irgendeiner Zeit aufgehoben 
und/oder durch einen anderen Index ersetzt, legt 
die Berechnungsstelle nach billigem Ermessen, 
und auf eine wirtschaftlich vernünftige Weise 
handelnd, fest, welcher Index künftig für die 
Berechnung 
des 
anwendbaren 
Rückzahlungsbetrags zugrunde zu legen ist (der 
"Nachfolgeindex"). Der Nachfolgeindex sowie 
der Zeitpunkt seiner erstmaligen Anwendung 
werden so bald wie möglich, jedoch keinesfalls 
später 
als 
am 
Rückzahlungsfeststellungstag 
bekannt 
gemacht. 
Jede 
hier 
enthaltene 
Bezugnahme auf den Index gilt, sofern es der 
Zusammenhang erlaubt, als Bezugnahme auf 
den Nachfolgeindex. 
If at any time the Index is cancelled and/or 
replaced by any other index, the Calculation 
Agent shall, in the reasonable discretion and 
acting 
in 
good 
faith 
and 
a 
commercially 
reasonable manner, determine the Index which 
the following calculation of the applicable Final 
Redemption Amount will be based on (the 
"Successor Index"). The Successor Index and 
the time of its first application will be announced 
as soon as possible but not later than on the 
Redemption Determination Date. Any reference to 
the Index contained herein, shall, in this context, 
be deemed to refer to the Successor Index. 
Ist nach Ansicht der Berechnungsstelle: (i) die 
Festlegung eines Nachfolgeindex aus welchen 
If according to the Calculation Agent’s opinion: 
(i) the determination of the Successor Index is, for 
 
und einheitlichen Definitionen berechnet werden. Basisjahr ist das Jahr 2005. Der Euroraum erfasste zunächst Belgien, 
Deutschland, Irland, Spanien, Frankreich, Italien, Luxemburg, Niederlande, Österreich, Portugal und Finnland. Griechenland 
gehört seit Januar 2001, Slowenien seit Januar 2007, Zypern und Malta seit Januar 2008, die Slowakei seit Januar 2009, 
Estland seit dem Januar 2011, Lettland seit dem Januar 2014 und Litauen seit dem Januar 2015 zum Euroraum. Neue 
Mitgliedstaaten werden anhand einer Kettenindexformel in den Index integriert. Der Index wird monatlich ermittelt und in der 
Regel in der Mitte des Folgemonats veröffentlicht. 
The unrevised harmonised index of consumer prices of the Euro-Zone excluding Tobacco is one of the EU index of consumer 
prices which are calculated pursuant to Council Regulation (EC) No 2494/95 of 23 October 1995 in accordance with a 
harmonized approach and standardised definitions. The base year is the year 2005. The Euro-Zone initially included Belgium, 
Germany, Ireland, Spain, France, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Austria, Portugal and Finland. Greece is included in the 
Euro-Zone since January 2001, Slovenia since January 2007, Cyprus and Malta since January 2008, Slovakia since January 
2009, Estonia since January 2011, Latvia since January 2014 and Lithuania since January 2015. The new member states are 
integrated into the Index using a chain index formula. The Index is calculated monthly and generally published halfway 
through the following month.

--- Page 278 ---
278 
Gründen 
auch 
immer 
nicht 
möglich; 
oder 
(ii) nimmt der Indexsponsor nach dem Tag der 
Auszahlung 
eine 
wesentliche 
Veränderung 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Berechnungsmethode 
zur 
Bestimmung des Index vor oder verändert der 
Indexsponsor den Index auf irgendeine andere 
Weise wesentlich, wird die Berechnungsstelle die 
Weiterrechnung 
und 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Indexstandes 
unter 
Berücksichtigung 
des 
Grundsatzes von Treu und Glauben und in 
wirtschaftlich 
vernünftiger 
Art 
und 
Weise 
durchführen. 
whatever reason, not possible; or (ii) the Index 
Sponsor significantly changes the method of 
calculating the Index or the Index Sponsor 
significantly changes the Index in any other way, 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
shall 
make 
further 
calculations and publications of the index level 
acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
"Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen Union, die 
gemäß dem Vertrag über die Gründung der 
Europäischen Gemeinschaft (unterzeichnet in 
Rom am 25. März 1957), geändert durch den 
Vertrag 
über 
die 
Europäische 
Union 
(unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 1992), 
den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 1997 
und den Vertrag von Lissabon vom 13. Dezember 
2007, 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, 
eine 
einheitliche Währung eingeführt haben oder 
jeweils eingeführt haben werden. 
"Euro-Zone" means the region comprised of 
those member states of the European Union that 
have adopted, or will have adopted from time to 
time, the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Amsterdam 
Treaty of 2 October 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon 
of 13 December 2007, as further amended from 
time to time. 
"Bildschirmseite" meint [Bildschirmseite] oder 
jede Nachfolgeseite. 
"Screen Page" means [screen page] or the 
relevant successor page. 
"Rückzahlungsfeststellungstag" 
meint 
spätestens den [zweiten] [zutreffende andere 
Zahl von Tagen] TARGET Geschäftstag vor dem 
Fälligkeitstag.] 
"Redemption Determination Date" means at the 
latest the [second] [other applicable number of 
days] TARGET Business Day prior to the Maturity 
Date.] 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, einfügen: 
[In case the Notes are early redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer insert: 
(2) Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin. 
(2) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz (b) 
gekündigt 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt [falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auch 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden können, 
einfügen: oder teilweise] an dem (den) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) (Call) zu dem 
maßgeblichen 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call), 
nebst 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
(maßgeblichen) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with subparagraph (b), redeem 
all [in case the Notes may be redeemed 
also in part, insert: or some only] of the 
Notes on the Call Redemption Date(s) at 
the applicable Call Redemption Amount 
together with accrued interest, if any, to, but 
excluding, the (relevant) Call Redemption 
Date. 
 
Eine solche vorzeitige Rückzahlung gemäß 
diesem § 5 (2) ist nur möglich, sofern die 
Voraussetzungen für Rückzahlung und 
Rückkauf nach § 5 ([3/4/5/6]) erfüllt sind. 
Any such early redemption pursuant to this 
§ 5 (2) shall only be possible provided that 
the conditions to redemption and repurchase 
laid down in § 5 ([3/4/5/6]) are met. 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag[e] 
(Call): 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungs[kurs] 
[kurse] (Call) in %: 
Call Redemption 
Date[s]: 
 
Call Redemption 
Price[s] in per cent:

--- Page 279 ---
279 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
(Call) einfügen] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungskurs/-
kurse (Call) einfügen] 
[insert Call 
Redemption Date(s)] 
 
[insert Call 
Redemption Price(s)] 
"Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call)" entspricht 
dem Produkt aus der festgelegten Stückelung 
und dem maßgeblichen Wahl-Rückzahlungskurs 
(Call). 
"Call Redemption Amount" equals the product 
of the Specified Denomination and the relevant 
Call Redemption Price. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, bei 
denen der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen, einfügen: Der 
Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung 
seines Wahlrechts gemäß § 5 (3) verlangt hat.] 
[In case of Notes which are early redeemable 
at the option of the Holder insert: The Issuer 
may not exercise such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by 
the Holder thereof of its option to require the 
redemption of such Note pursuant to § 5 (3).] 
(b) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern durch 
die Emittentin gemäß § 10 bekannt zu 
geben. Sie ist unwiderruflich und beinhaltet 
die folgenden Angaben: 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders in accordance with 
§ 10. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify: 
(i) die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(i) the 
series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption; 
(ii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen, 
die 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
15 Geschäftstage betragen darf] 
[Kalendertage] [Geschäftstage] [im 
Fall einer Höchstkündigungsfrist 
einfügen: 
und 
nicht 
mehr 
als 
[Höchstkündigungsfrist einfügen] 
[Kalendertage] 
[Geschäftstage]] 
nach 
dem 
Kalendertag 
der 
Kündigung 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen 
darf; [und] 
(ii) the Call Redemption Date which shall 
be not less than [insert Minimum 
Notice Period, which shall not be 
less 
than 
15 Business 
Days] 
[calendar days] [Business Days] [in 
case of a Maximum Notice Period 
insert: 
nor 
more 
than 
[insert 
Maximum Notice Period] [calendar 
days] [Business Days]] after the 
calendar day on which notice is given 
by the Issuer to the Holders; [and] 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungskurs (Call), zu 
dem 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden [; und] 
(iii) the Call Redemption Price at which 
such Notes are to be redeemed [; 
and] 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auch 
teilweise 
zurückgezahlt 
werden 
können, 
einfügen: 
[in case the Notes may be redeemed also in 
part, insert: 
(iv) eine Erklärung, dass 
diese 
Serie 
teilweise zurückgezahlt wird, und 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
(iv) that such series is to be redeemed in 
part only and the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes which are to be 
redeemed. 
(c) 
Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden 
die 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
maßgeblichen Clearingsystems oder, falls 
keine 
solchen 
Regeln 
bestehen, 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit der herrschenden 
Marktpraxis ausgewählt.]] 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, 
Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in 
accordance with the rules of the relevant 
Clearing System or, if no such rules exist, 
in 
accordance 
with 
prevailing 
market 
practice.]]

--- Page 280 ---
280 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, bei 
denen der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen, einfügen: 
[In case of Notes which are early redeemable 
at the option of the Holder insert: 
([2/3]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des 
Gläubigers. 
([2/3]) Early Redemption at the Option of a 
Holder. 
(a) 
Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung nach Ausübung des 
entsprechenden Wahlrechts durch den 
Gläubiger 
an 
dem 
(den) 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) 
(Put) 
zu 
dem 
maßgeblichen 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put) 
nebst 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
(maßgeblichen) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, upon the exercise of the 
relevant option by the Holder of any Note, 
redeem such Note on the Put Redemption 
Date(s) at the applicable Put Redemption 
Amount together with accrued interest, if 
any, to, but excluding, the Put Redemption 
Date. 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag[e] 
(Put): 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungs[kurs] 
[kurse] (Put) in%: 
Put Redemption 
Date[s]: 
Put Redemption 
Price[s] in per cent.: 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
(Put) einfügen] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungs[kurs] 
[kurse] (Put) in% 
einfügen] 
[insert Put 
Redemption Date(s)] 
[insert Put 
Redemption Price(s)]  
"Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put)" 
entspricht 
dem Produkt aus der festgelegten Stückelung 
und dem maßgeblichen Wahl-Rückzahlungskurs 
(Put). 
"Put Redemption Amount" equals the product of 
the Specified Denomination and the relevant Put 
Redemption Price. 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
steuerlichen Gründen vorzeitig zurückzahlbar 
sind oder die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, 
diese aus anderen als steuerlichen Gründen 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, einfügen: 
[In case the Notes are early redeemable for 
taxation reasons or at the option of the Issuer 
for reasons other than taxation reasons insert: 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren 
Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung 
[falls der Emittentin nur ein Wahlrecht nach 
diesem 
§ 5 
zusteht, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, einfügen: ihres Wahlrechts] 
[falls der Emittentin mehrere Wahlrechte nach 
diesem 
§ 5 
zustehen, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
einfügen: 
eines 
ihrer 
Wahlrechte] nach diesem § 5 verlangt hat.] 
The Holder may not exercise such option in 
respect of any Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Issuer of [in case the Issuer 
is entitled to redeem the Notes early pursuant 
to one of the options set out in this § 5, insert: 
its option] [in case the Issuer is entitled to 
redeem the Notes early pursuant to several of 
the options set out in this § 5, insert: one of its 
options] to redeem such Note pursuant to this 
§ 5.] 
(b) 
Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der 
Gläubiger 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen, die 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
15 Geschäftstage 
betragen 
darf] 
[Kalendertage] 
[Geschäftstage] 
[im 
Fall 
einer 
Höchstkündigungsfrist 
einfügen: 
und 
nicht mehr als [Höchstkündigungsfrist 
einfügen] [Kalendertage] [Geschäftstage]] 
vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an 
dem 
die 
Rückzahlung 
gemäß 
der 
Ausübungserklärung 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) erfolgen soll, an die bezeichnete 
(b) 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder 
must, not less than [insert Minimum 
Notice Period, which shall not be less 
than 15 Business Days] [calendar days] 
[Business Days] [in case of a Maximum 
Notice Period insert: nor more than 
[insert 
Maximum 
Notice 
Period] 
[calendar days] [Business Days]] prior to 
the relevant Put Redemption Date on which 
such redemption is required to be made as 
specified in the Put Notice (as defined 
below), send to the specified office of the 
Paying Agent an early redemption notice in

--- Page 281 ---
281 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Zahlstelle 
eine 
schriftliche 
Mitteilung 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung (die "Ausübungserklärung") 
zu senden. Die Ausübung des Wahlrechts 
kann 
nicht 
widerrufen 
werden. 
Die 
Ausübungserklärung 
hat 
anzugeben: 
(i) den 
gesamten 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
für 
die 
das 
Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird; und (ii) die 
Wertpapierkennnummern 
(soweit 
vergeben) dieser Schuldverschreibungen. 
Für die Ausübungserklärung kann ein 
Formblatt, wie es bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Zahlstelle 
in 
der 
deutschen und der englischen Sprache 
erhältlich ist und das weitere Hinweise 
enthält, 
verwendet 
werden. 
Die 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen, 
für die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt wurde, 
erfolgt 
nur 
gegen 
Lieferung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen an die Emittentin 
oder deren Order. 
written form (the "Put Notice"). No option 
so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. 
The Put Notice shall specify: (i) the total 
principal amount of the Notes in respect of 
which such option is exercised; and (ii) the 
securities 
identification 
numbers 
(if 
assigned) of such Notes. The Put Notice 
may be in the form available from the 
specified office of the Paying Agent, may 
be in the German or the English language 
and includes further information. The Issuer 
shall only be required to redeem Notes in 
respect of which such option is exercised 
against delivery of such Notes to the Issuer 
or to its order. 
Eine solche vorzeitige Rückzahlung gemäß 
diesem § 5 ([2/3]) ist nur möglich, sofern die 
Voraussetzungen für Rückzahlung und Rückkauf 
nach § 5 ([3/4/5/6]) erfüllt sind.] 
Any such early redemption pursuant to this 
§ 5 ([2/3]) shall only be possible if the conditions 
to redemption and repurchase laid down in 
§ 5 ([3/4/5/6]) are met.] 
[Falls der Gläubiger kein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen, einfügen: 
[If the Notes are not early redeemable at the 
option of the Holder insert: 
([2/3]) Keine vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
des Gläubigers. Die Gläubiger haben kein Recht, 
die 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zu verlangen.] 
([2/3]) No Early Redemption at the Option of a 
Holder. The Holders do not have a right to 
demand the early redemption of the Notes.] 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
steuerlichen Gründen vorzeitig zurückzahlbar 
sind, einfügen: 
[In case the Notes are early redeemable for 
taxation reasons insert: 
([3/4]) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen 
Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen können 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der 
Emittentin mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als [Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen] 
und nicht mehr als [Höchstkündigungsfrist 
einfügen] 
[Kalendertagen] 
[Geschäftstagen] 
gegenüber der Zahlstelle und gemäß § 10 
gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt 
(wobei diese Kündigung unwiderruflich ist) und 
jederzeit 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, 
falls 
die 
Emittentin am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag 
zur Zahlung von Zusätzlichen Beträgen gemäß 
§ 7 (2) verpflichtet sein wird, und zwar als Folge 
einer 
Änderung 
oder 
Ergänzung 
der 
Rechtsnormen der Republik Österreich, einer EU-
Richtlinie 
oder 
EU-Verordnung 
oder 
eines 
internationalen Abkommens oder informellen 
Übereinkommens, dessen Partei(en) die Republik 
Österreich und/oder die Europäische Union 
ist/sind, oder als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung in der Anwendung oder Auslegung 
dieser Normen und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, 
([3/4]) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time on 
giving not less than [insert Minimum Notice 
Period] nor more than [insert Maximum Notice 
Period] [calendar days] [Business Days] prior 
notice of early redemption to the Paying Agent 
and, in accordance with § 10, to the Holders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), if on the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date, the Issuer will 
become obliged to pay Additional Amounts 
pursuant to § 7 (2) as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws of the Republic of 
Austria, a European Union directive or regulation 
or an international treaty or understanding to 
which the Republic of Austria and/or the 
European Union is a party/are parties, or as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
application or interpretation of such laws and 
regulations, which amendment or change is 
effective on or after the date on which the last 
tranche of this series of Notes is issued, and such 
amendment or change has been evidenced by the

--- Page 282 ---
282 
diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder 
nach dem Kalendertag, an dem die letzte 
Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben wird, 
wirksam), und 
eine solche 
Änderung oder Ergänzung nachgewiesen wurde 
durch Einreichung durch die Emittentin bei der 
Zahlstelle (die eine solche Bestätigung und ein 
solches Gutachten als ausreichenden Nachweis 
hierüber anerkennen wird) von: (i) einer von zwei 
bevollmächtigten Vertretern der Emittentin im 
Namen 
der 
Emittentin 
unterzeichneten 
Bestätigung, in der ausgeführt wird, dass eine 
solche Änderung oder Ergänzung eingetreten ist 
(unabhängig davon, ob eine solche Änderung 
oder Ergänzung zu diesem Zeitpunkt bereits in 
Kraft ist), in der die Tatsachen, die hierzu geführt 
haben, beschrieben werden und festgestellt wird, 
dass diese Verpflichtung von der Emittentin nicht 
durch 
das 
Ergreifen 
vernünftiger, 
ihr 
zur 
Verfügung stehender Maßnahmen abgewendet 
werden kann; und (ii) einem Gutachten eines 
österreichischen 
Rechtsanwalts 
oder 
Steuerberaters, besagend, dass eine solche 
Änderung 
oder 
Ergänzung 
eingetreten 
ist 
(unabhängig davon, ob eine solche Änderung 
oder Ergänzung zu diesem Zeitpunkt bereits in 
Kraft ist), wobei eine solche Kündigung nicht 
früher als 90 Kalendertage vor dem frühest 
möglichen Termin erfolgen darf, an dem die 
Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen 
Beträge in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zu zahlen, falls zu diesem Zeitpunkt eine Zahlung 
fällig wäre. Eine Kündigung darf nicht erfolgen, 
wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Kündigung 
erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von 
zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist. 
delivery by the Issuer to the Paying Agent (who 
shall accept such certificate and opinion as 
sufficient evidence thereof) of: (i) a certificate 
signed by two authorised representatives of the 
Issuer on behalf of the Issuer stating that such 
amendment or change has occurred (irrespective 
of whether such amendment or change is then 
effective), describing the facts leading thereto and 
stating that such requirement cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it; and (ii) an opinion of an Austrian 
attorney at law or tax advisor to the effect that 
such amendment or change has occurred 
(irrespective of whether such amendment or 
change is then effective), provided that no such 
notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 
90 calendar days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of 
the Notes then due. No such notice of redemption 
shall be given if at the time such notice is given, 
the obligation to pay such Additional Amounts 
does not remain in effect. 
Eine solche vorzeitige Rückzahlung gemäß 
diesem § 5 ([3/4]) ist nur möglich, sofern die 
Voraussetzungen für Rückzahlung und Rückkauf 
nach § 5 ([3/4/5/6]) erfüllt sind.] 
Any such early redemption pursuant to this 
§ 5 ([3/4]) shall only be possible provided that the 
conditions to redemption and repurchase laid 
down in § 5 ([3/4/5/6]) are met.] 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Gründen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzahlbar sind, einfügen: 
[In case the Notes are early redeemable for 
regulatory reasons insert: 
([3/4/5]) Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
aufsichtsrechtlichen Gründen. 
([3/4/5]) Early 
Redemption 
for 
Regulatory 
Reasons. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin 
jederzeit vor ihrem Fälligkeitstag mit einer 
Kündigungsfrist mit einer Kündigungsfrist von 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist 
einfügen] 
und 
nicht 
mehr 
als 
[Höchstkündigungsfrist 
einfügen] 
[Kalendertagen] [Geschäftstagen] gekündigt und 
zu ihrem Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) [im Falle von anderen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
Nullkupon-
Schuldverschreibungen, einfügen: zuzüglich 
bis zu dem für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten 
Tag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen] 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, 
wenn 
sich 
die 
The Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in 
part, at the option of the Issuer, upon not less 
than [insert Minimum Notice Period] and not 
more than [insert Maximum Notice Period] 
[calendar days] [Business Days] prior notice of 
redemption at the Early Redemption Amount (as 
defined below) [in case of Notes other than 
Zero Coupon Notes, insert: together with 
interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption (exclusive)], if there is a change in the 
regulatory classification of the Notes that would 
be likely to result in their exclusion in full or in part 
from 
liabilities 
eligible 
for 
the 
minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
(MREL) pursuant to the BaSAG on an unlimited

--- Page 283 ---
283 
aufsichtsrechtliche 
Einstufung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ändert, 
was 
wahrscheinlich zur Gänze oder teilweise zu ihrem 
Ausschluss aus den für den Mindestbetrag an 
Eigenmitteln 
und 
berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Verbindlichkeiten (minimum requirement for own 
funds and eligible liabilities – MREL) gemäß 
BaSAG anrechenbaren berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Verbindlichkeiten auf unlimitierter und nach oben 
uneingeschränkter Basis führen würde, und 
sofern die Voraussetzungen für Rückzahlung 
und Rückkauf nach § 5 ([3/4/5/6]) sind erfüllt 
sind. 
and uncapped basis, and provided that the 
conditions to redemption and repurchase laid 
down in § 5 ([3/4/5/6]) are met. 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern durch die 
Emittentin gemäß § 10 bekannt zu geben. Sie ist 
unwiderruflich und muss den für die Rückzahlung 
festgelegten Termin nennen.] 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer 
to the Holders in accordance with § 10. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall state the date 
fixed for redemption.] 
([3/4/5/6]) Voraussetzungen für Rückzahlung und 
Rückkauf. Eine vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach 
diesem § 5 und ein Rückkauf nach § 9 (2) setzen 
voraus, dass die Emittentin zuvor die Erlaubnis 
der 
Abwicklungsbehörde 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
und 
zum 
Rückkauf 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit Artikel 77 und 78a CRR 
erhalten hat, sofern und insoweit eine solche 
vorherige 
Erlaubnis 
zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt 
erforderlich ist. 
([3/4/5/6]) Conditions 
for 
Redemption 
and 
Repurchase. Any early redemption pursuant to 
this § 5 and any repurchase pursuant to § 9 (2) is 
subject to the Issuer having obtained the prior 
permission of the the Resolution Authority for the 
early 
redemption 
or 
any 
repurchase 
in 
accordance with Articles 77 and 78a CRR, if and 
to the extent such prior permission is required at 
this time. 
Ungeachtet der oben stehenden Bedingungen, 
falls zum Zeitpunkt einer vorzeitigen Rückzahlung 
oder eines Rückkaufs die für die Emittentin 
geltenden anwendbaren Aufsichtsvorschriften die 
vorzeitige Rückzahlung oder den Rückkauf nur 
nach Einhaltung von einer oder mehreren 
alternativen oder zusätzlichen Voraussetzungen 
zu den oben angegebenen erlauben, wird die 
Emittentin diese (etwaigen) anderen und/oder, 
falls anwendbar, zusätzlichen Voraussetzungen 
erfüllen. 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the 
time of any early redemption or purchase, the 
prevailing supervisory regulations applicable to 
the Issuer permit the early redemption or 
repurchase only after compliance with one or 
more alternative or additional pre-conditions to 
those set out above, the Issuer shall comply with 
such other and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-
conditions, if any. 
Klarstellend 
wird 
festgehalten, 
dass 
eine 
Weigerung 
der 
Abwicklungsbehörde, 
eine 
erforderliche Erlaubnis, Bewilligung oder andere 
Zustimmung zu erteilen, in keiner Hinsicht einen 
Verzug begründet. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the 
Resolution Authority to grant any required 
permission, approval or other consent shall not 
constitute a default for any purpose. 
[Falls 
der 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
[In case the Early Redemption Amount is 
applicable, insert: 
([4/5/6/7]) Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. Im 
Fall einer vorzeitigen Rückzahlung werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
ihrem 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) 
[im Fall von anderen Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
Nullkupon 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
einfügen: zuzüglich etwaiger bis zu dem 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückgezahlt]. Für die Zwecke dieses § 5 
entspricht der "vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung 
[dem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] 
[sonstigen 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag einfügen] [im Fall von 
([4/5/6/7]) Early Redemption Amount. In case of 
any early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
at their Early Redemption Amount (as defined 
below) [in case of Notes other than Zero 
Coupon Notes, insert: together with interest, if 
any, accrued to, but excluding, the date of 
redemption]. For purposes of this § 5, the "Early 
Redemption Amount" of a Note shall be [its 
Final Redemption Amount] [insert other Early 
Redemption Amount] [in case of Zero Coupon 
Notes, 
insert: 
an 
amount 
calculated 
in 
accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 284 ---
284 
Nullkuponschuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: 
einem Betrag, der nach folgender Formel 
berechnet wird: 
Ausgabekurs x Stückelung x 
(1 + Emissionsrendite)N; 
Issue 
Price x Specified 
Denomination x 
(1 + Issue Yield)N; 
wobei: 
where: 
"Begebungstag" ist [Begebungstag einfügen]; 
"Issue Date" means [insert Issue Date]; 
"Ausgabekurs" 
entspricht 
[Ausgabekurs 
einfügen]%; 
"Issue Price" means [insert Issue Price] per 
cent.; 
"Emissionsrendite" 
entspricht 
[in 
Prozent 
ausgedrückte Emissionsrendite einfügen]% 
und berechnet sich auf Basis des Ausgabekurses 
am Begebungstag; und 
"Issue 
Yield" 
means 
[insert 
Issue 
Yield 
expressed as a percentage] per cent. and is 
calculated on the basis of the issue price on the 
Issue Date, and 
"N" entspricht der Anzahl der Kalendertage im 
Zeitraum vom Begebungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zu dem Kalendertag (ausschließlich), an dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt 
werden 
(der 
"Berechnungszeitraum") 
unter 
Berücksichtigung 
des 
anwendbaren 
Zinstagequotienten.]] 
"N" means the number of calendar days in the 
period from, and including, the Issue Date to, and 
excluding, the date on which the Notes shall 
become due and repayable (the "Calculation 
Period") calculated on the basis of the applicable 
Day Count Fraction.]] 
§ 6 
DIE ZAHLSTELLE[N] [UND 
DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] 
 
§ 6 
PAYING AGENT[S] 
[AND CALCULATION AGENT] 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen. Die 
anfänglich bestellte Hauptzahlstelle [falls (eine) 
weitere Zahlstelle(n) ernannt werden sollen, 
einfügen:, 
die 
anfänglich 
bestellte(n) 
Zahlstelle(n)] 
und 
die 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Berechnungsstelle 
und 
ihre 
anfänglich 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen lauten wie folgt:  
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial 
Principal Paying Agent [in case (a) further 
paying agent(s) shall be appointed, insert:, the 
initial Paying Agent(s)] and the initial Calculation 
Agent and their respective initial specified offices 
are:  
Hauptzahlstelle: 
Principal Paying Agent: 
[Falls Oberbank AG als Emissions- und 
Hauptzahlstelle 
ernannt 
werden 
soll, 
einfügen: 
[In case Oberbank AG shall be appointed as 
initial Fiscal and Principal Paying Agent 
insert:  
Oberbank AG 
Untere Donaulände 28 
4020 Linz 
Österreich] 
Oberbank AG 
Untere Donaulände 28 
4020 Linz 
Austria] 
[Falls eine andere Hauptzahlstelle ernannt 
werden 
soll, 
sind 
ihr 
Name 
und 
ihre 
anfänglich 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
einzufügen.] 
[In case another Principal Paying Agent shall 
be appointed, insert its name and initial 
specified office.] 
[Falls eine zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstelle 
ernannt werden soll, sind ihr Name und ihre 
anfänglich 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
einzufügen.] 
[In case an additional or other paying agent 
shall be appointed insert its name and initial 
specified office.] 
Soweit in diesen Emissionsbedingungen der 
Begriff "Zahlstelle(n)" erwähnt wird, so schließt 
dieser Begriff die Hauptzahlstelle mit ein. 
Where these Terms and Conditions refer to the 
term "Paying Agent(s)", such term shall include 
the Principal Paying Agent. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit 
einem variablen oder inflationsabhängigen 
Zinssatz einfügen: 
[In case of Notes with a floating or inflation 
linked interest rate insert:

--- Page 285 ---
285 
Berechnungsstelle: 
Calculation Agent: 
[Falls Oberbank AG als Berechnungsstelle 
ernannt werden soll, einfügen: 
[In case Oberbank AG shall be appointed as 
Calculation Agent insert:  
Oberbank AG 
Untere Donaulände 28 
4020 Linz 
Österreich] 
Oberbank AG 
Untere Donaulände 28 
4020 Linz 
Austria] 
[Falls eine andere Berechnungsstelle ernannt 
werden 
soll, 
sind 
ihr 
Name 
und 
ihre 
anfänglich 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
einzufügen.]] 
[In case another Calculation Agent shall be 
appointed, insert its name and initial specified 
office.]] 
Die Zahlstelle(n) [und die Berechnungsstelle] 
behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit ihre 
jeweilige bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch eine 
andere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in derselben 
Stadt zu ersetzen. 
The Paying Agent(s) [and the Calculation Agent] 
reserve the right at any time to change their 
respective specified office to some other specified 
office in the same city.  
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
die 
Bestellung 
einer 
Zahlstelle 
[oder 
der 
Berechnungsstelle] zu ändern oder zu beenden 
und zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen oder 
eine andere Berechnungsstelle zu bestellen. Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
jedoch, 
[(i)] solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an einer Wertpapierbörse 
notiert sind, eine Zahlstelle (die die Emittentin 
sein kann) mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle an 
einem Ort unterhalten, den die Regeln dieser 
Börse oder ihrer Aufsichtsbehörde(n) verlangen 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Zahlungen 
in 
U.S.-Dollar 
einfügen:; [und] ([ii]) falls Zahlungen bei den 
oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten aufgrund der 
Einführung von Devisenbeschränkungen oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen 
hinsichtlich 
der 
vollständigen Zahlung oder des Empfangs der 
entsprechenden 
Beträge 
in 
U.S.-Dollar 
widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich ausgeschlossen 
werden, 
eine 
Zahlstelle 
mit 
bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle in New York unterhalten[;]] [Im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit einem 
variablen oder inflationsabhängigen Zinssatz 
einfügen: und ([ii/iii]) eine Berechnungsstelle 
unterhalten]. Die Emittentin wird die Gläubiger 
von jeder Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder 
jedem sonstigen Wechsel sobald wie möglich 
nach Eintritt der Wirksamkeit einer solchen 
Veränderung informieren. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent 
[or the Calculation Agent] and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents or another 
Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall at all times 
maintain, [(i)] so long as the Notes are listed on a 
stock exchange, a Paying Agent (which may be 
the Issuer) with a specified office in such place as 
may be required by the rules of such stock 
exchange or its supervisory authority(ies) [in case 
of payments in U.S. Dollars insert:; [and] ([ii]) if 
payments at or through the offices of all Paying 
Agents outside the United States become illegal 
or are effectively precluded because of the 
imposition of exchange controls or similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such 
amounts in U.S. Dollars, a Paying Agent with a 
specified office in New York[;]] [In case of Notes 
with a floating or inflation linked interest rate 
insert: and ([ii/iii]) a Calculation Agent]. The 
Issuer will give notice to the Holders of any 
variation, termination, appointment or any other 
change 
as 
soon 
as 
possible 
upon 
the 
effectiveness of such change. 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die Zahlstellen 
[und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle] 
handeln 
ausschließlich als Beauftragte der Emittentin und 
übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber 
den Gläubigern; es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den 
Gläubigern begründet.  
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Paying Agents [and 
the Calculation Agent] act solely as agents of the 
Issuer and do not have any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust to any Holder.  
(4) Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Festsetzungen. 
Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, 
Quotierungen 
und Entscheidungen, die von der Zahlstelle für 
(4) Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of

--- Page 286 ---
286 
die 
Zwecke 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen 
gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder eingeholt 
werden, 
sind 
(sofern 
keine 
vorsätzliche 
Pflichtverletzung, kein böser Glaube und kein 
offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, 
die Zahlstellen[, die Berechnungsstelle] und die 
Gläubiger bindend, und, sofern keiner der 
vorstehend genannten Umstände vorliegt, haftet 
die Zahlstelle nicht gegenüber der Emittentin, den 
Zahlstellen[, der Berechnungsstelle] oder den 
Gläubigern im Zusammenhang mit der Ausübung 
oder Nichtausübung ihrer Rechte und Pflichten 
und 
ihres 
Ermessens 
gemäß 
solchen 
Bestimmungen. 
the provisions of these Terms and Conditions by 
the Paying Agent shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Paying Agents[, the Calculation 
Agent] and the Holders and, in the absence of the 
aforesaid, no liability to the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents[, the Calculation Agent] or the Holders 
shall attach to the Paying Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
(1) Steuern. 
Alle 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an den Gläubiger (oder 
an einen Dritten im Interesse des Gläubigers) zu 
zahlenden Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen sind 
ohne Abzug oder Einbehalt für oder aufgrund 
gegenwärtiger 
oder 
zukünftiger 
Steuern, 
Gebühren oder Abgaben jeglicher Art ("Steuern") 
zu zahlen, die von oder für die Republik 
Österreich, von einer oder für eine ihrer zur 
Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten 
politischen 
Untergliederungen oder von einer oder für eine 
ihrer zur Steuererhebung ermächtigten Behörden 
im Wege des Abzugs oder des Einbehalts 
auferlegt oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein 
solcher Abzug oder Einbehalt ist gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben. 
(1) Taxes. All amounts of principal and interest 
payable to the Holder (or a third party on behalf of 
the Holder) in respect of the Notes shall be made 
without deduction or withholding for or on account 
of any present or future taxes, duties or 
governmental charges of any nature whatsoever 
(the "Taxes") imposed or levied by way of 
deduction or withholding by or on behalf of the 
Republic of Austria or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof having power to tax, unless 
such deduction or withholding is required by law. 
[Falls 
Zahlung 
Zusätzlicher 
Beträge 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: 
[If Payment of Additional Amounts applies, 
insert: 
(2) Zusätzliche 
Beträge. 
[Falls 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen 
anwendbar ist, einfügen: In diesem Fall zahlt 
die Emittentin, soweit gesetzlich zulässig, jene 
zusätzlichen 
Beträge 
(die 
"Zusätzlichen 
Beträge"), die erforderlich sind, damit die einem 
Gläubiger (oder einem Dritten im Interesse des 
Gläubigers) 
zufließenden 
Nettobeträge 
nach 
diesem Abzug oder Einbehalt den Beträgen 
entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Abzug oder 
Einbehalt vom Gläubiger (oder einem Dritten im 
Interesse 
des 
Gläubigers) 
erhalten 
worden 
wären; jedoch sind Zusätzliche Beträge nicht zu 
zahlen aufgrund von Steuern, die 
(2) Additional Amounts. [If Early Redemption for 
Reasons of Taxation is applicable, insert: In 
that event, the Issuer shall, to the extent permitted 
by law, pay such additional amounts (the 
"Additional Amounts") as shall be necessary in 
order that the net amounts received by the Holder 
(or a third party on behalf of the Holder), after 
such deduction or withholding, shall equal the 
respective amounts which would otherwise have 
been receivable in the absence of such deduction 
or withholding, except that no such Additional 
Amounts shall be payable on account of Taxes 
which: 
(a) 
abgezogen oder einbehalten werden, weil 
der Gläubiger (oder ein Dritter im Interesse 
des Gläubigers): (i) einer anderen aus 
steuerlicher Sicht relevanten Beziehung zur 
Republik Österreich unterliegt oder zum 
Zeitpunkt 
des 
Erwerbs 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen unterlegen ist, als 
lediglich 
der 
Inhaber 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
sein 
oder 
gewesen zu sein; oder (ii) eine Zahlung aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen von oder unter 
(a) 
are deducted or withheld by reason of the 
Holder (or a third party on behalf of the 
Holder): (i) for tax purposes having, or 
having had at the time of acquisition of the 
Notes, another nexus to the Republic of 
Austria than merely being, or having been, 
the bearer of the Notes; or (ii) receiving an 
amount payable in respect of the Notes by, 
or involving an Austrian paying agent 
(auszahlende 
Stelle) 
or 
an 
Austrian 
custodian agent (depotführende Stelle; both

--- Page 287 ---
287 
Einbindung 
einer 
österreichischen 
auszahlenden 
Stelle 
oder 
einer 
österreichischen 
depotführenden 
Stelle 
(wie 
jeweils 
in 
§ 95 
Abs 2 
Einkommensteuergesetz 1988 idgF oder 
einer 
allfälligen 
Nachfolgebestimmung 
definiert) 
erhält; 
die 
österreichische 
Kapitalertragsteuer ist somit keine Steuer, 
für die die Emittentin Zusätzliche Beträge 
zu zahlen hat; oder 
terms as defined in § 95(2) of the Austrian 
Income 
Tax 
Act 
1988 
[Einkommensteuergesetz 1988] 
as 
amended or a subsequent legal provision, if 
any); 
Austrian 
withholding 
tax 
on 
investment 
income 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) 
shall thus not qualify as a tax for which the 
Issuer would be obliged to pay Additional 
Amounts; or 
(b) 
abgezogen 
oder 
einbehalten 
werden 
aufgrund eines völkerrechtlichen oder eines 
zivilrechtlichen Vertrags zwischen einem 
Staat und/oder einer seiner politischen 
Untergliederungen und/oder einer seiner 
Behörden 
und/oder 
einer 
Staatengemeinschaft einerseits und der 
Republik Österreich und/oder einer ihrer 
politischen Untergliederungen und/oder der 
Europäischen 
Union 
und/oder 
der 
Emittentin und/oder eines Intermediärs 
andererseits; oder 
(b) 
are deducted or withheld pursuant to an 
international treaty or a civil law agreement 
concluded by a state and/or one of its 
political subdivisions and/or one of its 
authorities and/or a group of states on the 
one hand and the Republic of Austria 
and/or one of its political subdivisions 
and/or the European Union and/or the 
Issuer and/or an intermediary on the other 
hand; or 
(c) 
aufgrund von Rechtsnormen der Republik 
Österreich, einer EU-Richtlinie oder EU-
Verordnung oder eines internationalen 
Abkommens 
oder 
informellen 
Übereinkommens, dessen Partei(en) die 
Republik 
Österreich 
und/oder 
die 
Europäische Union ist/sind, rückerstattbar 
oder an der Quelle entlastbar wären; oder 
(c) 
are refundable or for which a relief at 
source is available pursuant to the laws of 
the Republic of Austria, a European Union 
directive or regulation or an international 
treaty or understanding to which the 
Republic of Austria and/or the European 
Union is a party/are parties; or 
(d) 
nicht abgezogen oder einbehalten hätten 
werden müssen, wenn der Gläubiger (oder 
ein Dritter im Interesse des Gläubigers) 
ordnungsgemäße 
Dokumentation 
oder 
Beweise zur Erlangung einer Befreiung von 
der Steuer vorgelegt hätte, oder 
(d) 
would not have had to be deducted or 
withheld if the Holder (or a third party on 
behalf of the Holder) had duly submitted 
documentation or evidence to qualify for a 
tax exemption; or 
(e) 
nicht zahlbar wären, wenn der Gläubiger 
(oder 
ein 
Dritter 
im 
Interesse 
des 
Gläubigers) 
den 
Anspruch 
auf 
die 
betreffende 
Zahlung 
ordnungsgemäß 
innerhalb 
von 
30 
Tagen 
nach 
dem 
jeweiligen Fälligkeitstag geltend gemacht 
hätte; oder 
(e) 
would not have been deducted or withheld if 
the Holder (or a third party on behalf of the 
Holder) had duly submitted a claim for the 
respective payment of principal or interest 
within 30 days after the due date; or 
(f) 
abgezogen 
oder 
einbehalten 
werden 
aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung, welche 
später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung oder, wenn dies 
später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und 
einer 
diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung 
gemäß § 10, wirksam wird; oder 
(f) 
are deducted or withheld by reason of a 
change in law that becomes effective more 
than 30 days after the relevant payment 
becomes due, or is duly provided for and 
notice thereof is published in accordance 
with § 10, whichever occurs later; or 
(g) 
nach Zahlung durch die Emittentin während 
der Überweisung an den Gläubiger (oder 
einen Dritten im Interesse des Gläubigers) 
abgezogen oder einbehalten werden.] 
(g) 
are deducted or withheld after payment by 
the Issuer during the transfer to the Holder 
(or a third party on behalf of the Holder).] 
([2/3]) U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
Act (FATCA). Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, von 
den an einen Gläubiger oder einen an den 
([2/3]) U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
Act (FATCA). The Issuer is authorised to withhold 
or deduct from amounts payable under the Notes

--- Page 288 ---
288 
Schuldverschreibungen 
wirtschaftlich 
Berechtigten unter den Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
zahlenden 
Beträgen 
diejenigen 
Beträge 
einzubehalten oder abzuziehen, die erforderlich 
sind, um eine etwaige Steuer zu zahlen, die die 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
einer 
Vereinbarung 
einzubehalten oder abzuziehen verpflichtet ist, 
die in Artikel 1471 (b) des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code von 1986 in der jeweils geltenden Fassung 
(der "Kodex") beschrieben wird, oder die 
anderweitig gemäß den Artikeln 1471 bis 1474 
des Kodex (oder etwaigen unter dem Kodex 
erlassenen 
Verordnungen 
oder 
amtlichen 
Auslegungen des Kodex), oder gemäß einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung zwischen den 
Vereinigten 
Staaten 
und 
einer 
anderen 
Jurisdiktion zur Umsetzung des Kodex (oder 
gemäß steuerrechtlicher oder aufsichtsrechtlicher 
Gesetzgebung, Vorschriften oder Praktiken, die 
eine solche zwischenstaatliche Vereinbarung 
umsetzen) (jeder Einbehalt oder Abzug, ein 
"FATCA Einbehalt") vorgeschrieben wird. Weder 
die Emittentin noch eine andere Person ist 
verpflichtet, irgendwelche Zusätzlichen Beträge in 
Bezug auf den FATCA Einbehalt zu zahlen. 
to a Holder or beneficial owner of Notes sufficient 
funds for the payment of any tax that it is required 
to withhold or deduct pursuant an agreement 
described in Section 1471 (b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code"), or that is otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any 
regulations thereunder or official interpretations 
thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement 
between 
the 
United 
States 
and 
another 
jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof 
(or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or 
practices 
implementing 
such 
an 
intergovernmental 
agreement) 
(any 
such 
withholding 
or 
deduction, 
a 
"FATCA 
Withholding"). Neither the Issuer nor any other 
person will be required to pay any Additional 
Amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
§ 8 
VERJÄHRUNG 
§ 8 
PRESCRIPTION 
Ansprüche gegen die Emittentin auf Zahlungen 
hinsichtlich der Schuldverschreibungen verjähren 
und werden unwirksam, wenn diese nicht 
innerhalb von dreißig Jahren [im Fall von 
anderen als Nullkuponschuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: (im Falle des Kapitals) und innerhalb 
von drei Jahren (im Falle von Zinsen)] ab dem 
maßgeblichen Fälligkeitstag geltend gemacht 
werden. 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect 
of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void 
unless made within thirty years [in case of Notes 
other than Zero Coupon Notes, insert: (in the 
case of principal) and three years (in the case of 
interest)] upon the relevant due date. 
§ 9 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, RÜCKKAUF 
UND ENTWERTUNG 
§ 9 
FURTHER ISSUES OF NOTES, 
REPURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Gläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher Ausstattung 
(mit Ausnahme des Kalendertags der Begebung, 
des Ausgabekurses, des Verzinsungsbeginns 
und/oder des ersten Zinszahlungstags) in der 
Weise zu begeben, dass sie mit diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie 
bilden. 
(1) Further Issues of Notes. The Issuer may from 
time to time, without the consent of the Holders, 
issue further Notes having the same terms as the 
Notes in all respects (except for the issue date, 
issue price, Interest Commencement Date and/or 
first Interest Payment Date) so as to form a single 
series with the Notes.

--- Page 289 ---
289 
(2) Rückkauf. 
Vorausgesetzt, 
dass 
alle 
anwendbaren aufsichtsrechtlichen und sonstigen 
gesetzlichen Bestimmungen beachtet werden 
und die Voraussetzungen für Rückzahlung und 
Rückkauf nach § 5 ([3/4/5/6]) erfüllt sind, sind die 
Emittentin und jede ihrer Tochtergesellschaften 
berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im 
Markt oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis 
zurückzukaufen. Die von der Emittentin oder ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaft 
erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der 
Emittentin bzw dieser Tochtergesellschaft von ihr 
gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei der Zahlstelle 
zwecks Entwertung eingereicht werden.  
(2) Repurchases. Provided that all applicable 
regulatory and other statutory restrictions are 
observed, and provided that the conditions for 
redemption 
and 
repurchase 
laid 
down 
in 
§ 5 ([3/4/5/6]) are met, the Issuer and any of its 
subsidiaries may at any time repurchase Notes in 
the open market or otherwise at any price. Notes 
repurchased by the Issuer or the subsidiary may, 
at the option of the Issuer or such subsidiary, be 
held, resold or surrendered to the Paying Agent 
for cancellation.  
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig getilgten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind unverzüglich zu 
entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder 
wiederverkauft werden. 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall 
be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or 
resold. 
§ 10 
MITTEILUNGEN 
§ 10 
NOTICES 
(1) Bekanntmachung. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Tatsachenmitteilungen sind im Internet auf der 
Internetseite der Emittentin ("www .oberbank.at") 
zu 
veröffentlichen. 
Jede 
derartige 
Tatsachenmitteilung 
gilt 
mit 
dem 
fünften 
Kalendertag 
nach 
dem 
Kalendertag 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem fünften Kalendertag 
nach dem Kalendertag der ersten solchen 
Veröffentlichung) 
als 
übermittelt. 
Allfällige 
börsenrechtliche 
Veröffentlichungsvorschriften 
bleiben hiervon unberührt. Rechtlich bedeutsame 
Mitteilungen werden an die Gläubiger im Wege 
der depotführenden Stelle übermittelt. Alternativ 
ist die Emittentin jederzeit berechtigt, Mitteilungen 
direkt an ihr bekannte Gläubiger zu übermitteln. 
(1) Publication. All notices of facts concerning the 
Notes shall be published on the website of the 
Issuer ("www .oberbank.at"). Any notice so given 
will be deemed to have been validly given on the 
fifth calendar day following the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on 
the fifth calendar day following the date of the first 
such publication). This does not affect any 
applicable 
stock 
exchange 
law 
publication 
requirements. Legally material notices shall be 
given to the Holders via the respective institutions 
which maintain the Holders' security accounts. 
Alternatively, the Issuer shall be entitled to send 
at any time notices directly to Holders known to 
the Issuer. 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Soweit 
die 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Mitteilungen 
nach 
Absatz (1) rechtlich nicht mehr erforderlich ist, ist 
die Emittentin berechtigt, eine Veröffentlichung in 
den in Absatz (1) genannten Medien durch 
Übermittlung 
von 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung durch das 
Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger zu ersetzen. 
Jede 
derartige 
Mitteilung 
gilt 
am 
siebten 
Kalendertag 
nach 
dem 
Kalendertag 
der 
Übermittlung an das Clearingsystem als den 
Gläubigern mitgeteilt. 
(2) Notification 
to 
Clearing 
System. 
If 
the 
publication of notices pursuant to paragraph (1) is 
no longer required by law, the Issuer may, in lieu 
of 
publication 
in 
the 
media 
set 
forth 
in 
paragraph (1), deliver the relevant notices to the 
Clearing System, for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Holders on the seventh calendar day after the 
calendar day on which said notice was delivered 
to the Clearing System. 
(3) Form der von Gläubigern zu machenden 
Mitteilungen. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen der Gläubiger an die 
Emittentin gelten als wirksam erfolgt, wenn sie 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
der 
Zahlstelle 
(zur 
Weiterleitung an die Emittentin) in Textform (zB in 
schriftlicher 
Form) 
in 
der 
deutschen 
oder 
englischen Sprache übersandt werden. Der 
Gläubiger 
muss 
einen 
die 
Emittentin 
zufriedenstellenden Nachweis über die von ihm 
(3) Form of Notice to Be Given by any Holder. 
Notices regarding the Notes which are to be given 
by any Holder to the Issuer shall be validly given if 
delivered in in text format (Textform) (e.g. in 
writing) in the German or English language to the 
Issuer or the Paying Agent (for onward delivery to 
the Issuer). The Holder shall provide evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer of its holding of the 
Notes. Such evidence may be: (i) in the form of a 
certification from the Clearing System or the

--- Page 290 ---
290 
gehaltenen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erbringen. 
Dieser 
Nachweis 
kann: 
(i) in 
Form 
einer 
Bestätigung durch das Clearingsystem oder die 
Depotbank, 
bei 
der 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, dass der Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der 
Mitteilung 
Gläubiger 
der 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ist; oder (ii) auf jede 
andere geeignete Weise erfolgen. 
"Depotbank" bezeichnet jede Bank oder ein 
sonstiges 
anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft 
zu 
betreiben 
und 
bei 
der/dem 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
Custodian with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes that 
such Holder is, at the time such notice is given, 
the Holder of the relevant Notes; or (ii) in any 
other appropriate manner. 
"Custodian" means any bank or other financial 
institution of recognised standing authorised to 
engage in securities custody business with which 
the Holder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes and includes the Clearing 
System. 
§ 11 
ANWENDBARES RECHT 
GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE 
GELTENDMACHUNG 
§ 11 
APPLICABLE LAW,  
PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) Anwendbares 
Recht. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
alle 
außervertraglichen Schuldverhältnisse, die sich 
aus 
oder 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ergeben, 
unterliegen 
österreichischem Recht unter Ausschluss seiner 
Kollisionsnormen, soweit diese zur Anwendung 
fremden Rechts führen würden, und werden in 
Übereinstimmung mit österreichischem Recht 
ausgelegt. 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, Austrian 
law except for its conflict of law rules as far as 
such rules would lead to the application of foreign 
law. 
(2) Gerichtsstand. 
Das 
sachlich 
zuständige 
Gericht in Linz, Österreich ist ausschließlich 
zuständig für Streitigkeiten, die aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
(einschließlich 
allfälliger 
Streitigkeiten 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
außervertraglichen 
Schuldverhältnissen, die sich aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
ergeben) entstehen, soweit dies nach den 
anwendbaren 
zwingenden 
Konsumentenschutzgesetzen zulässig ist. 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction. The competent court in 
Linz, Austria shall have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any disputes that may arise out of or in 
connection with any Notes (including any legal 
action or proceedings relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with Notes), to the extent permissible 
according to applicable mandatory consumer 
protection legislation. 
(3) Gerichtliche 
Geltendmachung. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
berechtigt, in jeder Rechtsstreitigkeit gegen die 
Emittentin oder in jeder Rechtsstreitigkeit, in der 
der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, 
seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen 
im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage 
zu schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt 
eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank bei, bei der er 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, 
welche: 
(a) den 
vollständigen 
Namen 
und 
die 
vollständige 
Adresse 
des 
Gläubigers 
enthält; 
(b) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung 
auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und 
(c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem 
Clearingsystem 
eine 
schriftliche 
Erklärung 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any 
proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such 
Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and 
enforce in its own name its rights arising under 
such Notes on the basis of: (i) a statement issued 
by the Custodian with whom such Holder 
maintains a securities account in respect of the 
Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the 
Holder; (b) specifying the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes credited to such securities 
account on the date of such statement; and 
(c) confirming that the Custodian has given written 
notice to the Clearing System containing the 
information pursuant to (a) and (b); and (ii) a copy 
of the Global Note certified as being a true copy 
by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing 
System or a depositary of the Clearing System, 
without 
the 
need 
for 
production 
in 
such

--- Page 291 ---
291 
abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) 
und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und 
(ii) er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Sammelurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit 
dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person 
des Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine 
Vorlage 
der 
Originalbelege 
oder 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Sammelurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren 
erforderlich 
wäre. 
Unbeschadet 
des 
Vorstehenden kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede 
andere Weise schützen oder geltend machen, die 
im 
Land 
der 
Rechtsstreitigkeit 
prozessual 
zulässig ist. 
proceedings of the actual records or the Global 
Note representing the Notes. Each Holder may, 
without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce its rights under the Notes also in any 
other way which is admitted in the country of the 
proceedings. 
§ 12 
SPRACHE 
§ 12 
LANGUAGE 
[Falls 
die 
Emissionsbedingungen 
ausschließlich 
in 
deutscher 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
einfügen: 
Diese 
Emissionsbedingungen sind ausschließlich in der 
deutschen Sprache abgefasst.] 
 
 
[In case the Terms and Conditions are written 
in the English language only, insert: These 
Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language only.] 
[Falls der deutschsprachige Text bindend sein 
soll und eine unverbindliche Übersetzung in 
die 
englische 
Sprache 
beigefügt 
wird, 
einfügen: Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in 
der 
deutschen 
Sprache 
abgefasst. 
Eine 
Übersetzung 
in 
die englische Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
 
 
[In case the German language text shall be 
binding and a non-binding English translation 
is provided, insert: This translation of the Terms 
and Conditions is written in the English language. 
The Terms and Conditions are provided in 
German language. The German text shall be 
binding and prevailing. The English language 
translation shall be non-binding.] 
[Falls der englischsprachige Text bindend 
sein 
soll 
und 
eine 
unverbindliche 
Übersetzung 
in 
die 
deutsche 
Sprache 
beigefügt wird, einfügen: Diese Übersetzung 
der Emissionsbedingungen ist in der deutschen 
Sprache abgefasst. Die Emissionsbedingungen 
in englischer Sprache sind beigefügt. Der 
englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.] 
 
 
[In case the English language text shall be 
binding 
and 
a 
non-binding 
German 
translation is provided, insert: These Terms

--- Page 292 ---
292 
and Conditions are written in the English 
language and provided with a German language 
translation. The English text shall be binding and 
prevailing. The German language translation 
shall be non-binding.]

--- Page 293 ---
293 
4. FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
MUSTER DER ENDGÜLTIGEN BEDINGUNGEN 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[Im Folgenden wird das Muster der Endgültigen Bedingungen, das für jede unter dem Debt 
Issuance Programme zu begebende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen ausgefüllt wird, 
wiedergegeben] 
[Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes to 
be issued under the Debt Issuance Programme] 
[Datum einfügen] 
[insert date] 
Endgültige Bedingungen7 
Final Terms 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM EUROPÄISCHEN WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM  
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum 
Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen 
Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum ("EWR") bestimmt und sollten 
Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger 
Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff 
Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein 
Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 11 MiFID II; [oder] (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der 
Richtlinie 2016/97/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "Versicherungsvertriebsrichtlinie"), soweit 
dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 10 MiFID II gilt[; oder 
(iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 (in der jeweils gültigen 
Fassung, "Prospektverordnung")]. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 
1286/2014 
(in 
der 
jeweils 
geltenden 
Fassung, 
die 
"PRIIPs-Verordnung") 
erforderliches 
Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf 
oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR nach der 
PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]8 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; [or] (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II[; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation")]. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM VEREINIGTEN KÖNIGREICH  
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen 
Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich ("UK") bestimmt und sollten 
Kleinanlegern im UK nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger 
 
7 
Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens Euro 100.000 (bzw. dem entsprechenden 
Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung) werden im Folgenden als "Wholesale-Schuldverschreibungen" bezeichnet. 
Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als Euro 100.000 (bzw. dem entsprechenden 
Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung) werden im Folgenden als "Retail-Schuldverschreibungen" bezeichnet.  
In the following, Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least Euro 100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) will be 
referred to as "Wholesale Notes". In the following, Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than Euro 100,000 (or 
its foreign currency equivalent) will be referred to as "Retail-Notes". 
8  
Text einfügen, außer die Endgültigen Bedingungen erklären ein "Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Europäischen 
Wirtschaftsraum" für "Nicht anwendbar". 
Include text unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area" as 
"Not applicable".

--- Page 294 ---
294 
Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff 
Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein 
Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nummer 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565 wie sie aufgrund 
des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") Teil des nationalen Rechts des UK ist; [oder] 
(ii) ein Kunde im Sinne der Bestimmungen des Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (in der 
jeweils gültigen Fassung, "FSMA") und jeglicher Vorschriften oder Verordnungen, die im Rahmen des 
FSMA zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97 erlassen wurden, wenn dieser Kunde nicht als 
professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 2 Absatz 1 Nummer 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, 
wie sie aufgrund des EUWA Teil des innerstaatlichen Rechts des UK ist, qualifizieren würde[; oder 
(iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne des Artikel 2 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129, wie sie 
aufgrund des EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts des UK ist]. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014, wie sie aufgrund des EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts des UK ist 
(die "UK PRIIPs-Verordnung"), erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den 
Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im UK 
erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im UK nach der UK PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]9 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); [or] (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA[; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA]. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Produktüberwachung nach MiFID II / Ausschließlicher Zielmarkt geeignete Gegenparteien und 
professionelle Anleger 
Ausschließlich für die Zwecke des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des] [jedes] Konzepteurs hat die 
Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der 
Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle 
Kunden sind, wie jeweils in der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, "MiFID II") 
definiert [weitere Zielmarktkriterien festlegen]; und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der 
Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden geeignet sind. 
[etwaige negative Zielmärkte festlegen] Jede Person, die die Schuldverschreibungen später 
anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt, (ein "Vertreiber") sollte die Zielmarktbewertung [des][der] 
Konzepteur[s][e] berücksichtigen, wobei ein der MiFID II unterliegender Vertreiber jedoch dafür 
verantwortlich ist, eine eigene Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzunehmen (entweder durch Übernahme oder Ausarbeitung der Zielmarktbewertung [des][der] 
Konzepteur[s][e]) und geeignete Vertriebskanäle festzulegen.] 
[MiFID II Product Governance / Eligible Counterparties and Professional Investors Only Target 
Market  
Solely for the purposes of [the] [each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II") [specify further target market criteria]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [specify negative target 
 
9  
Text einfügen, außer die Endgültigen Bedingungen erklären ein "Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten 
Königreich" für "Nicht anwendbar". 
 
Include text unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom" as "Not 
applicable".

--- Page 295 ---
295 
market, if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"Distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment; 
however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s][s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Produktüberwachung nach MiFID II / Zielmarkt geeignete Gegenparteien, professionelle 
Kunden und Kleinanleger  
Ausschließlich für die Zwecke des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des] [jedes] Konzepteurs hat die 
Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der 
Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen geeignete Gegenparteien, professionelle Kunden und 
Kleinanleger, wie jeweils in der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, "MiFID II") 
definiert, sind, [weitere Zielmarktkriterien festlegen] [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
geeignet 
sind, 
einschließlich 
Anlageberatung, 
Portfolioverwaltung, 
beratungsfreies Geschäft und reines Ausführungsgeschäft] [,(ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb an 
geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden geeignet sind und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle für 
den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger geeignet sind: Anlageberatung [,] [und] 
Portfolioverwaltung [,] [und] [beratungsfreies Geschäft] [und reines Ausführungsgeschäft]. [etwaige 
negative Zielmärkte festlegen] Jede Person, die die Schuldverschreibungen später anbietet, 
verkauft oder empfiehlt, (ein "Vertreiber") sollte die Zielmarktbewertung [des][der] Konzepteur[s][e] 
berücksichtigen, wobei ein der MiFID II unterliegender Vertreiber jedoch dafür verantwortlich ist, eine 
eigene Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen vorzunehmen (entweder durch 
Übernahme oder Ausarbeitung der Zielmarktbewertung [des][der] Konzepteur[s][e]) und geeignete 
Vertriebskanäle festzulegen.] 
[MiFID II Product Governance / Eligible Counterparties, Professional Investors and Retail 
Investors 
Solely for the purposes of [the][each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II") [specify further target market criteria] [, and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-
advised sales and pure execution services] [, (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to 
retail clients are appropriate: investment advice [,] [and] portfolio management [,][and] [non-advised 
sales] [and pure execution services]. [specify negative target market, if applicable] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]  
[Produktüberwachung nach UK MIFIR / Ausschließlicher Zielmarkt geeignete Gegenparteien 
und professionelle Anleger 
Ausschließlich für die Zwecke des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des] [jedes] Konzepteurs hat die 
Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der 
Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien, wie im FCA-
Handbuch Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS) definiert und professionelle Kunden sind, wie in 
der Verordnung 2014/600/EU wie sie aufgrund des EUWA Teil des innerstaatlichen Rechts des UK 
(UK MIFIR) ist; und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete 
Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden geeignet sind. [etwaige negative Zielmärkte festlegen] 
Jede Person, die die Schuldverschreibungen später anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt, (ein 
"Vertreiber") sollte die Zielmarktbewertung [des][der] Konzepteur[s][e] berücksichtigen, wobei ein 
dem FCA-Handbuch Conduct of Business Sourcebook (UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) 
unterliegender Vertreiber jedoch dafür verantwortlich ist, eine eigene Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen vorzunehmen (entweder durch Übernahme oder Ausarbeitung der 
Zielmarktbewertung [des][der] Konzepteur[s][e]) und geeignete Vertriebskanäle festzulegen.]

--- Page 296 ---
296 
[UK MIFIR Product Governance / Eligible Counterparties and Professional Investors Only 
Target Market 
Solely for the purposes of [the][each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [specify 
negative target market, if applicable] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s][s'] target market 
assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Produktüberwachung nach UK MIFIR / Zielmarkt geeignete Gegenparteien, professionelle 
Kunden und Kleinanleger  
Ausschließlich für die Zwecke des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des] [jedes] Konzepteurs hat die 
Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der 
Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nummer 8 der 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565 wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA") Teil des nationalen Rechts des UK ist, geeignete Gegenparteien wie im FCA-Handbuch 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS) definiert, professionelle Kunden, wie in der Verordnung 
2014/600/EU wie sie aufgrund des EUWA, Teil des nationalen Rechts des UK ist (UK MiFIR) , sind, 
[weitere Zielmarktkriterien festlegen] [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen 
geeignet sind, einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolioverwaltung, beratungsfreies Geschäft und 
reines Ausführungsgeschäft] [,(ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb an geeignete Gegenparteien und 
professionelle Kunden geeignet sind und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der 
Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger geeignet sind: Anlageberatung [,] [und] Portfolioverwaltung 
[,] [und] [beratungsfreies Geschäft] [und reines Ausführungsgeschäft]. [etwaige negative Zielmärkte 
festlegen] Jede Person, die die Schuldverschreibungen später anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt, (ein 
"Vertreiber") sollte die Zielmarktbewertung [des][der] Konzepteur[s][e] berücksichtigen, wobei ein 
dem FCA-Handbuch Conduct of Business Sourcebook (UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) 
unterliegender Vertreiber jedoch dafür verantwortlich ist, eine eigene Zielmarktbewertung in Bezug auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen vorzunehmen (entweder durch Übernahme oder Ausarbeitung der 
Zielmarktbewertung [des][der] Konzepteur[s][e]) und geeignete Vertriebskanäle festzulegen.] 
[UK MIFIR Product Governance / Eligible Counterparties, Professional Investors and Retail 
Investors  
Solely for the purposes of [the][each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS) and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR) [specify further target market criteria] [, and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-
advised sales and pure execution services] [, (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to 
retail clients are appropriate: investment advice[,] [and] portfolio management [,][and] [non-advised 
sales] [and pure execution services]. [specify negative target market, if applicable] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Bezeichnung der relevanten Tranche der Schuldverschreibungen einfügen] (die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") 
[insert title of relevant Tranche of Notes] (the "Notes")

--- Page 297 ---
297 
begeben aufgrund des 
issued pursuant to the 
Debt Issuance Programme 
der 
of 
Oberbank AG 
[Erstausgabekurs] [Ausgabekurs]: [     ] % [zuzüglich der in Teil B. genannten Spesen] 
[Initial] Issue Price: [     ] per cent. [plus the commissions mentioned in Part B.] 
(Erst-) Begebungstag: [     ]10 
(Initial) Issue Date: [     ] 
Tranchen-Nr.: [     ] 
Tranche No.: [     ] 
 
10 
Der Tag der Begebung ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier 
Lieferung ist der Tag der Begebung der Tag der Lieferung. 
The Issue Date is the date of issue and payment of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery 
date.

--- Page 298 ---
298 
WICHTIGER HINWEIS 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke des Artikels 8 der Verordnung 
(EU) 2017/1129, in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, abgefasst und müssen in Verbindung mit dem Debt 
Issuance Programme Prospekt in seiner Fassung vom 12. Februar 2021, geändert durch etwaige 
Nachträge (der "Prospekt") über das Debt Issuance Programme (das "Programm") der Oberbank AG 
(die "Emittentin") gelesen werden. Der Prospekt sowie etwaige Nachträge zum Prospekt können in 
elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite der Emittentin ("www .oberbank.at") eingesehen werden. 
Vollständige Informationen über die Emittentin und die Schuldverschreibungen sind nur in der 
Zusammenschau des Prospekts, etwaiger Nachträge zum Prospekt sowie dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen erhältlich. [Eine Zusammenfassung für diese Emission ist diesen Endgültigen 
Bedingungen angefügt.]11 
[Im Fall von Retail-Schuldverschreibungen, die als Daueremissionen begeben werden, 
einfügen: 
Warnung: Der Prospekt vom 12. Februar 2021 wird voraussichtlich bis zum 11. Februar 2022 gültig 
sein. Für die Zeit danach beabsichtigt die Emittentin einen aktualisierten und gebilligten Prospekt auf 
der Internetseite der Emittentin ("www .oberbank.at") zu veröffentlichen, und die Endgültigen 
Bedingungen sind ab diesem Zeitpunkt in Verbindung mit dem neuen Prospekt zu lesen.] 
 
11  
Nur im Fall von Retail-Schuldverschreibungen einfügen.  
 
Insert only in case of Retail-Notes.

--- Page 299 ---
299 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
as amended and must be read in conjunction with the Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus, dated 
12 February 2021, as supplemented from time to time (the "Prospectus") pertaining to the Debt 
Issuance Programme (the "Programme") of Oberbank AG (the "Issuer"). The Prospectus and any 
supplements hereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Issuer 
("www .oberbank.at"). Full information on the Issuer and the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of the Prospectus, any supplements hereto and these Final Terms. [A summary of this 
issue is annexed to these Final Terms.] 
[In case of Retail-Notes issued as tap issues insert: 
Warning: The Prospectus dated 12 February 2021 is expected to be valid until 13 February 2021. 
Thereafter the Issuer intends to publish an updated and approved prospectus on the website of the 
Issuer ("www .oberbank.at") and from that point in time, the Final Terms must be read in conjunction 
with the new prospectus.]

--- Page 300 ---
300 
TEIL A. – EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
PART A. – TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
[Falls die für die maßgebliche Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch 
Wiederholung der maßgeblichen im Prospekt als Option I, Option II, Option III oder Option IV 
aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils in diesen Optionen enthaltenen weiteren 
Optionen) und Vervollständigung der maßgeblichen Platzhalter bestimmt werden, einfügen: 
In case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes shall be determined by 
replicating the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I, Option II, Option III 
or Option IV (including any further options contained in such Options), and completing the 
relevant placeholders, insert: 
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Bedingungen sind nachfolgend aufgeführt:  
The Conditions applicable to the Notes are set out below:  
[Im Fall von Gewöhnlichen Nicht-Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen sind die maßgeblichen 
Angaben der Option I (einschließlich der darin enthaltenen maßgeblichen weiteren Optionen) 
zu wiederholen und maßgebliche Leerstellen zu vervollständigen. 
In the case of Ordinary Senior Notes, the relevant provisions of Option I (including relevant 
further options set out therein) shall be replicated and relevant placeholders shall be 
completed.]  
[Im Fall von Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen sind die maßgeblichen Angaben der 
Option II (einschließlich der darin enthaltenen maßgeblichen weiteren Optionen) zu 
wiederholen und maßgebliche Leerstellen zu vervollständigen. 
In the case of Covered Bank Bonds, the relevant provisions of Option II (including relevant 
further options set out therein) shall be replicated and relevant placeholders shall be 
completed.]  
[Im Fall von Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen sind die maßgeblichen Angaben der Option 
III (einschließlich der darin enthaltenen maßgeblichen weiteren Optionen) zu wiederholen und 
maßgebliche Leerstellen zu vervollständigen. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the relevant provisions of Option III (including relevant 
further options set out therein) shall be replicated and relevant placeholders shall be 
completed.]  
[Im Fall von Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen sind die maßgeblichen 
Angaben der Option IV (einschließlich der darin enthaltenen maßgeblichen weiteren Optionen) 
zu wiederholen und maßgebliche Leerstellen zu vervollständigen. 
In the case of Eligible Notes, the relevant provisions of Option IV (including relevant further 
options set out therein) shall be replicated and relevant placeholders shall be completed.] 
[Falls die für die maßgebliche Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch 
Bezugnahme auf die maßgeblichen im Prospekt als Option I, Option II, Option III oder Option IV 
aufgeführten Bestimmungen (einschließlich der jeweils in diesen Optionen enthaltenen 
weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden sollen, einfügen: 
In case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes shall be determined by making 
reference to the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I, Option II, Option III 
or Option IV (including any further options contained in such Options), insert: 
Dieser Teil A. der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz an Emissionsbedingungen 
zu lesen, der auf [gewöhnliche nicht nachrangige] [nachrangige] [berücksichtigungsfähige] 
[Schuldverschreibungen] 
[fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen] 
Anwendung 
findet 
(die 
"Emissionsbedingungen") und der als [Option I] [Option II] [Option III] [Option IV] im Prospekt 
enthalten ist. Begriffe, die in den Emissionsbedingungen definiert sind, haben, falls diese Endgültigen 
Bedingungen nicht etwas anderes bestimmen, die gleiche Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen 
Bedingungen verwendet werden.  
This Part A. of the Final Terms shall be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that 
applies to [ordinary senior] [subordinated] [eligible] [Notes] [covered bank bonds] (the "Terms and 
Conditions") and that is set forth in the Prospectus as [Option I] [Option II] [Option III] [Option IV]. 
Capitalised terms not otherwise defined in these Final Terms shall have the meanings specified in the 
Terms and Conditions when used in these Final Terms. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil A. der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze 
beziehen sich auf die Paragraphen und Absätze der Emissionsbedingungen.

--- Page 301 ---
301 
All references in this Part A. of the Final Terms to sections and paragraphs are to sections and 
paragraphs of the Terms and Conditions.  
Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen der 
Emissionsbedingungen gelten als durch die in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben 
ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt 
wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der Emissionsbedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser 
Endgültigen Bedingungen beziehen, die weder angekreuzt noch ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen 
werden, gelten in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Emissionsbedingungen als 
gestrichen. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Notes shall be 
deemed to be completed by the information contained in these Final Terms as if such information were 
inserted in the blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to 
items in these Final Terms which are either not selected or completed or which are deleted shall be 
deemed to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes.]

--- Page 302 ---
302 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN (§ 1) 
 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1) 
 
Währung und Stückelung 
Currency and Denomination 
Emissionsbezeichnung 
[     ] 
Identification 
[     ] 
[ Gewöhnliche Nicht Nachrangige Berücksichtigungsfähige 
Schuldverschreibungen 
 
Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes 
 
 Nicht Bevorrechtigte Nicht Nachrangige Berücksichtigungsfähige 
Schuldverschreibungen 
 
Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes]12 
 
 Einmalemission 
Single issue 
[Begebungstag 
einfügen] 
[insert issue date] 
 Daueremission 
 
Tap issue 
[Erst-Begebungstag 
einfügen] 
[insert initial issue date] 
Festgelegte Währung 
[     ] 
Specified Currency 
[     ] 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
[bis zu] [     ] 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
[up to] [     ] 
 
Schuldverschreibungen, die dauernd angeboten und 
begeben werden 
 
Notes offered and issued as tap issues 
 
Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten 
[     ] 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words 
[     ] 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
[     ] 
Specified Denomination 
[     ] 
Clearingsystem 
 
Clearing System 
 
 
OeKB CSD GmbH 
 
 
Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg  
 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
 
Anderes Clearingsystem 
[angeben] 
Other clearing system 
[specify] 
STATUS (§ 2) 
 
STATUS (§ 2) 
 
 
Gewöhnliche Nicht Nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen  
 
Ordinary Senior Notes 
 
 
Fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen 
 
Covered Bank Bonds 
 
 
Nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen 
 
Subordinated Notes 
 
 
Berücksichtigungsfähige Schuldverschreibungen 
 
Eligible Notes 
 
 
12  
Nur im Fall von Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. 
 
Applicable only in case of Eligible Notes.

--- Page 303 ---
303 
 
Gewöhnlichen Nicht Nachrangigen Berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
 
Ordinary Senior Eligible Notes 
 
 
Nicht Bevorrechtigten Nicht Nachrangigen 
Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen 
 
Non-Preferred Senior Eligible Notes 
 
[ Deckungsstock für hypothekarisch Fundierte 
Bankschuldverschreibungen 
[sofern 
anwendbar 
weitere 
Bezeichnung 
einfügen] 
Cover pool for mortgage Covered Bank Bonds 
[if 
applicable 
insert 
further designation] 
 
Deckungsstock für öffentlich Fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen 
[sofern 
anwendbar 
weitere 
Bezeichnung 
einfügen] 
Cover pool for public Covered Bank Bonds 
[if 
applicable 
insert 
further designation]] 
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
 
INTEREST (§ 3) 
 
 
Schuldverschreibungen mit einem festen Zinssatz 
Notes with a fixed interest rate 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
[     ] 
Interest Commencement Date 
[     ] 
Zinssatz 
[     ] % per annum 
Rate of Interest 
[     ] per cent. per annum] 
 
Stufenzinsschuldverschreibungen 
Step-up or Step-down Notes 
 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
[     ] 
Interest Commencement Date 
[     ] 
Zinsperioden und Zinssätze 
vom 
(einschließli
ch) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
mit 
 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
(einschließ-
lich 
des 
Fälligkeits-
tags 
und 
des 
Erweiterten 
Fälligkeits-
tags 
(falls 
anwendbar)
) einfügen] 
[Zinssatz 
einfügen] % 
per annum 
 
Interest Periods and Rates of Interest 
from, and 
including, 
to, but 
excluding, 
at the rate of 
 
[insert 
date] 
[insert date 
(including 
the 
Maturity 
Date 
and 
the 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date 
(if 
applicable))
] 
[insert Rate 
of 
Interest] 
per cent. per 
annum

--- Page 304 ---
304 
 
 
Kurze oder lange erste oder letzte Zinsperiode  
[erste] 
[letzte] 
Zinszahlung 
Short or long first or last Interest Period 
[first] [last] payment of 
interest 
Reguläre Zinszahlungen 
[vierteljährlich] 
[halbjährlich] [jährlich]  
Regular interest payments 
[quarterly] [semi-annually] 
[annually] 
Zinszahlungstage 
[     ] 
Interest Payment Dates 
[     ] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
[     ] 
First Interest Payment Date 
[     ] 
Letzter Zinszahlungstag 
[     ] 
Last Interest Payment Date 
[     ]] 
 
Schuldverschreibung mit einem variablen Zinssatz 
Notes with a floating interest rate 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
[     ] 
Interest Commencement Date 
[     ] 
 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an einen Referenzzinssatz gebunden sind 
Notes linked to a Reference Interest Rate 
 
Interpolation anwendbar 
Interpolation applicable 
 
Interpolierte Zinsperiode 
[kurze] 
[lange] 
[erste] 
[letzte] Zinsperiode 
Interpolated Interest Period 
[short] [long] [first] [last] 
Interest Period 
Referenzzinssatz, der auf alle Zinsperioden anwendbar ist, 
auf die Interpolation nicht anwendbar ist 
[Zahl, 
Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzzinssatzes 
einfügen] 
Reference Interest Rate which shall apply to all Interest 
Periods to which interpolation shall not apply 
[insert 
number, 
term 
and 
name 
of 
the 
relevant 
Reference 
Interest Rate] 
Uhrzeit der Bildschirmfeststellung 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Ortszeit) 
Day-time of the Screen Page Determination 
[insert 
relevant 
time] 
([insert 
relevant 
financial centre] time) 
 
Interpolation nicht anwendbar 
Interpolation not applicable 
 
Referenzzinssatz 
[Zahl, 
Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzzinssatzes 
einfügen] 
Reference Interest Rate 
[insert 
number, 
term 
and 
name 
of 
the 
relevant 
Reference

--- Page 305 ---
305 
Interest Rate] 
Uhrzeit der Bildschirmfeststellung 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Ortszeit) 
Day-time of the Screen Page Determination 
[insert 
relevant 
time] 
([insert 
relevant 
financial centre] time) 
 
unveränderliche Marge  
invariable Margin 
 
 
zuzüglich 
plus 
[     ] % per annum 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
 
abzüglich 
minus 
[     ] % per annum 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
 
veränderliche Marge  
variable Margin 
 
Zinsperiode[n] und Marge[n] 
vom 
(einschließli
ch) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
 
 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[zuzüglich] 
[/] 
[abzüglich] 
[Marge 
einfügen] % 
per annum 
 
Interest Period[s] and Margin[s] 
from, and 
including, 
to, but 
excluding, 
 
 
[insert 
date] 
[insert date] [plus] [/] 
[minus] 
[insert 
Margin] per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
 
Faktor 
Factor 
[     ] 
[     ] 
Feststellungstag 
[erster] [zweiter] [andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen 
einfügen] 
Geschäftstag 
[vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
Determination Day 
[first] 
[second] 
[insert 
other relevant number 
of 
Business 
Days] 
Business Day [prior to the 
[commencement] 
[end]] 
of the relevant Interest 
Period 
Bildschirmseite 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
Screen page 
[insert relevant Screen 
Page]

--- Page 306 ---
306 
Uhrzeit der Angebote der Referenzbanken 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Ortszeit) 
Day-time for the quotes of the Reference Banks 
[insert 
relevant 
time] 
([insert 
relevant 
financial centre] time) 
Referenzbanken 
[relevante 
Zahl 
einfügen] Großbanken im  
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz 
nicht 
der 
EURIBOR 
ist 
einfügen: 
[relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen]] 
Interbankenmarkt 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz 
EURIBOR ist, einfügen: 
der Euro-Zone oder im 
Londoner 
Interbankenmarkt] 
Reference Banks 
[insert relevant number] 
major banks in the  
[if the Reference Interest 
Rate is not EURIBOR, 
insert: [insert relevant 
financial 
centre]] 
interbank market [if the 
Reference Interest Rate 
is EURIBOR, insert: of 
the Euro-zone or in the 
London interbank market]] 
 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an einen Referenzsatz gebunden sind 
Notes linked to a Reference Rate 
Referenzsatz 
[Zahl, 
Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzsatzes 
einfügen] 
Reference Rate 
[insert 
number, 
term 
and 
name 
of 
the 
relevant Reference Rate] 
 
unveränderliche Marge  
invariable Margin 
 
 
zuzüglich 
plus 
[     ] % per annum 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
 
abzüglich 
minus 
[     ] % per annum 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
 
veränderliche Marge  
variable Margin 
 
Zinsperiode[n] und Marge[n] 
vom 
(einschließli
ch) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
 
 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[zuzüglich] 
[/] 
[abzüglich]

--- Page 307 ---
307 
[Marge 
einfügen] % 
per annum 
 
Interest Period[s] and Margin[s] 
from, and 
including, 
to, but 
excluding, 
 
 
[insert 
date] 
[insert date] [plus] [/] 
[minus] 
[insert 
Margin] per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
 
Faktor 
Factor 
[     ] 
[     ] 
Relevante Laufzeit des Referenzsatzes  
[relevanten 
Zeitraum 
einfügen] 
Relevant Term of the Reference Rate 
[insert relevant term] 
Uhrzeit der Bildschirmfeststellung 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Ortszeit) 
Day-time of the Screen Page Determination 
[insert 
relevant 
time] 
([insert 
relevant 
financial centre] time) 
Feststellungstag 
[erster] [zweiter] [andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen 
einfügen] 
Geschäftstag 
[vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
Determination Day 
[first] 
[second] 
[insert 
other relevant number 
of 
Business 
Days] 
Business Day [prior to the 
[commencement] 
[end]] 
of the relevant Interest 
Period 
Bildschirmseite 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
Screen page 
[insert relevant Screen 
Page] 
Uhrzeit für Anforderung des Marktmittelkurses für den Swapsatz 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Ortszeit) 
Day-time for request of the mid-market swap rate 
[insert 
relevant 
time] 
([insert 
relevant 
financial centre] time) 
Referenzzinssatz für den variabel verzinslichen Teil der 
Zinsswaptransaktion 
[Zahl, 
Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzzinssatzes 
einfügen] 
Reference Interest Rate for the floating leg of the interest rate [insert 
number, 
term

--- Page 308 ---
308 
swap transaction 
and 
name 
of 
the 
relevant 
Reference 
Interest Rate] 
Bildschirmseite für Referenzzinssatz  
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
Screen Page for Reference Interest Rate 
[insert relevant screen 
page] 
Referenzbanken 
[relevante 
Zahl 
einfügen] Großbanken im  
[falls der Referenzsatz 
kein Euro-Swapsatz ist, 
einfügen: 
[relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen]] 
Interbankenmarkt 
[falls 
der 
Referenzsatz 
ein 
Euro-Swapsatz 
ist, 
einfügen: der Euro-Zone 
oder 
im 
Londoner 
Interbankenmarkt] 
Reference Banks 
[insert relevant number] 
major banks in the  
[if the Reference Rate is 
not a Euro swap rate: 
[insert relevant financial 
centre]] interbank market 
[if the Reference Rate is 
a Euro swap rate, insert: 
of the Euro-zone or in the 
London interbank market]] 
 
Schuldverschreibung mit einem inflationsabhängigen Zinssatz 
Notes with a inflation linked interest rate 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
[     ] 
Interest Commencement Date 
[     ] 
Ian(t) = [ Min{ ] [ Max{ ] ((HVPI(t) – HVPI(t-1)) / HVPI(t-1)) [*100] [* 
Faktor] [+] [-] [Zuschlag] [Abschlag] [; Wert } ] [+] [-] [Marge] 
 
Ian(t) = [ Min{ ] [ Max{ ] (HICP(t) – HICP(t-1)) / HICP(t-1) [*100] [* 
Factor] [+] [-] [Surcharge] [Reduction] [;Value } ] [+] [-] [Margin] 
 
"HVPI(t)" 
[Bezugszeitraum (t) 
einfügen] 
"HICP(t)" 
[insert 
reference 
period (t)] 
"HVPI(t-1)" 
[Bezugszeitraum (t-1) 
einfügen] 
"HICP(t-1)" 
[insert 
reference 
period (t-1)] 
"Bildschirmseite " 
[einfügen] 
"Screen Page" 
[insert] 
["Abschlag" 
[Zahl] 
[Anzahl 
von 
Prozentpunkten] 
[Höhe 
des 
Abschlags 
einfügen]] 
["Reduction" 
[number] 
[number 
of 
percentage points] 
[insert 
amount 
of

--- Page 309 ---
309 
reduction]] 
["Zuschlag" 
[Zahl] 
[Anzahl 
von 
Prozentpunkten] 
[Höhe 
des 
Zuschlags 
einfügen]] 
["Surcharge" 
[number] 
[number 
of 
percentage points] 
[insert 
amount 
of 
surcharge]] 
["Wert" 
[Zahl] 
[Anzahl 
von 
Prozentpunkten] 
[Höhe 
des 
Wertes 
einfügen]] 
["Value" 
[number] 
[number 
of 
percentage points] 
[insert amount of value]] 
["Faktor" 
[Höhe 
des 
Faktors 
einfügen]] 
["Factor" 
[insert 
amount 
of 
factor]] 
["Marge" 
[Zahl] 
[Anzahl 
von 
Prozentpunkten] 
[Höhe 
der 
Marge 
einfügen]] 
["Margin" 
[number] 
[number 
of 
percentage points] 
[insert 
amount 
of 
margin]] 
Feststellungstag 
[erster] [zweiter] [andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen 
einfügen] 
Geschäftstag 
(wie in § 1 (6) definiert) 
[vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode. 
Determination Day 
[first] 
[second] 
[insert 
other relevant number 
of 
Business 
Days] 
Business Day (as defined 
in § 1 (6))  [prior to the 
[commencement] 
[end]] 
of the relevant Interest 
Period.] 
[Mindest- und Höchstzinssatz13 
 
Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest 
 
 
Mindestzinssatz 
Minimum Rate of Interest 
[     ] % per annum 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
 
mehrere Mindestzinssätze 
vom 
(einschließl
ich) 
bis zum 
(ausschließl
ich) 
Mindestzins
satz 
 
[Datum 
[Datum 
[Mindestzin
 
13  
Nur einfügen falls bei Schuldverschreibungen mit variablem Zinssatz und bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einem 
inflationsabhängigen Zinssatz ein Mindest- und/oder ein Höchstzinssatz gilt. 
 
Insert only if in case of Notes with a floating interest rate and Notes with an inflation linked interest rate, a Minimum 
and/or Maximum Rate of Interest applies.

--- Page 310 ---
310 
einfügen] 
einfügen 
(einschließl
ich 
des 
Fälligkeitst
ags 
und 
des 
Erweiterten 
Fälligkeitst
ags 
(falls 
anwendbar
)) einfügen] 
ssatz 
einfügen] 
% 
per 
annum 
 
 
 
 
more than one Minimum Rate of Interest 
from, and 
including, 
to, but 
excluding, 
Minimum 
Rate of 
Interest 
 
[insert 
date] 
[insert date 
(including 
the 
Maturity 
Date and 
the 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date (if 
applicable)
)] 
[insert 
Minimum 
Rate of 
Interest] 
per cent. 
per 
annum 
 
Memory Floater 
Memory Floater 
 
 
 
 
Höchstzinssatz 
Maximum Rate of Interest 
[     ] % per annum 
[     ] per cent. per annum] 
[Zinszahlungstage  
 
Interest Payment Dates 
 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
[     ] 
[     ] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
First Interest Payment Date 
[     ] 
[     ] 
Zinstagequotient 
 
Day Count Fraction 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
Feststellungstermin[e]14  
[     ] in jedem Jahr 
Determination Date[s] 
[     ] in each year 
 Actual/Actual (ISDA)  
 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
30/360 [oder] [/] [or] 360/360 [oder] [/] [or] Bond Basis 
 
 
30E/360 [oder] [/] [or] Eurobond Basis 
] 
 
Schuldverschreibungen mit einem fest- zu variablen Zinssatz 
Notes with a fix-to-floating interest rate 
 
14 
Einzusetzen ist die Anzahl der regulären Zinszahlungstage, wobei im Falle einer langen oder kurzen ersten Zinsperiode 
der Tag der Begebung nicht zu berücksichtigen ist.   
Insert number of regular interest payment dates ignoring issue date in the case of a long or short first interest period.

--- Page 311 ---
311 
[Festverzinsung 
Fixed Interest 
 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[     ] 
Interest Commencement Date 
[     ] 
Zinssatzwechseltag 
[     ] 
Interest Rate Change Date 
[     ] 
Erster Zinssatz 
[     ] % per annum 
First Rate of Interest 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
Kurze oder lange erste Zinsperiode  
[Anwendbar] 
[Nicht 
anwend-bar] 
Short or long first Interest Period 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
applicable] 
Reguläre Festzinszahlungen 
[vierteljährlich] 
[halbjährlich]  [jährlich] 
Regular fixed interest payments 
[quarterly] [semi-annually] 
[annually]  
Festzinszahlungstage 
[     ] 
Fixed Interest Payment Dates 
[     ] 
Erster Festzinszahlungstag 
[     ] 
First Fixed Interest Payment Date 
[     ] 
Letzter Festzinszahlungstag 
[     ] 
Last Fixed Interest Payment Date 
[     ] 
Festzinstagequotient 
 
Fixed Day Count Fraction 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
Feststellungstermin[e]  
[     ] in jedem Jahr 
Determination Date[s] 
[     ] in each year 
 Actual/Actual (ISDA)  
 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
30/360 [oder] [/] [or] 360/360 [oder] [/] [or] Bond Basis 
 
 
30E/360 [oder] [/] [or] Eurobond Basis 
 
Variable Verzinsung 
 
Variable Interest  
 
Variable Zinszahlungstage 
Variable Interest Payment Dates 
[     ] 
[     ] 
Erster Variabler Zinszahlungstag 
First Variable Interest Payment Date 
[     ] 
[     ] 
 
Schuldverschreibungen, deren Variabler Zinssatz an einen Referenzzinssatz 
gebunden ist 
Notes the Variable Rate of Interest of which is linked to a Reference Interest Rate 
[Referenzzinssatz 
[Zahl, 
Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzzinssatzes 
einfügen] 
Reference Interest Rate 
[insert 
number, 
term 
and 
name 
of 
the 
relevant 
Reference 
Interest Rate]

--- Page 312 ---
312 
 
unveränderliche Marge  
invariable Margin 
 
 
zuzüglich 
plus 
[     ] % per annum 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
 
abzüglich 
minus 
[     ] % per annum 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
 
veränderliche Marge  
variable Margin 
 
Variable Zinsperiode[n] und Marge[n] 
vom 
(einschließli
ch) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
 
 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[zuzüglich] 
[/] 
[abzüglich] 
[Marge 
einfügen] % 
per annum 
 
Variable Interest Period[s] and Margin[s] 
from, and 
including, 
to, but 
excluding, 
 
 
[insert 
date] 
[insert date] [plus] [/] 
[minus] 
[insert 
Margin] per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
 
Faktor 
Factor 
[     ] 
[     ] 
Uhrzeit der Bildschirmfeststellung 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Ortszeit) 
Time of the Screen Page Determination 
[insert 
relevant 
time] 
([insert 
relevant 
financial centre] time) 
Feststellungstag 
[erster] [zweiter] [andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen 
einfügen] 
Geschäftstag 
[vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der 
jeweiligen 
Variablen 
Zinsperiode 
Determination Day 
[first] 
[second] 
[insert 
other relevant number 
of 
Business 
Days] 
Business Day [prior to the 
[commencement] 
[end]] 
of the relevant Variable 
Interest Period 
Bildschirmseite 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
Screen page 
[insert relevant Screen 
Page] 
Uhrzeit der Angebote der Referenzbanken 
[relevante 
Tageszeit

--- Page 313 ---
313 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Ortszeit) 
Time for the quotes of the Reference Banks 
[insert 
relevant 
time] 
([insert 
relevant 
financial centre] time) 
Referenzbanken 
[relevante 
Zahl 
einfügen] Großbanken im  
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz 
nicht 
der 
EURIBOR 
ist 
einfügen: 
[relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen]] 
Interbankenmarkt 
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz 
EURIBOR ist, einfügen: 
der Euro-Zone oder im 
Londoner 
Interbankenmarkt] 
Reference Banks 
[insert relevant number] 
major banks in the  
[if the Reference Interest 
Rate is not EURIBOR, 
insert: [insert relevant 
financial 
centre]] 
interbank market [if the 
Reference Interest Rate 
is EURIBOR, insert: of 
the Euro-zone or in the 
London interbank market]] 
 
Schuldverschreibungen, deren variabler Zinssatz an einen Referenzsatz gebunden 
ist 
Notes the Variable Rate of Interest of which is linked to a Reference Rate 
[Referenzsatz 
[Zahl, 
Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzsatzes 
einfügen] 
Reference Rate 
[insert 
number, 
term 
and 
name 
of 
the 
relevant Reference Rate] 
 
unveränderliche Marge  
invariable Margin 
 
 
zuzüglich 
plus 
[     ] % per annum 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
 
abzüglich 
minus 
[     ] % per annum 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
 
veränderliche Marge  
variable Margin 
 
Variable Zinsperiode[n] und Marge[n] 
vom 
(einschließli
ch) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
 
 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[zuzüglich] 
[/] 
[abzüglich]

--- Page 314 ---
314 
[Marge 
einfügen] % 
per annum 
 
Variable Interest Period[s] and Margin[s] 
from, and 
including, 
to, but 
excluding, 
 
 
[insert 
date] 
[insert date] [plus] [/] 
[minus] 
[insert 
Margin] per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
 
Faktor 
Factor 
[     ] 
[     ] 
Relevante Laufzeit des Referenzsatzes  
[relevante 
Laufzeit 
einfügen] 
Relevant Term of the Reference Rate 
[insert relevant term] 
Uhrzeit der Bildschirmfeststellung 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Ortszeit) 
Time of the Screen Page Determination 
[insert 
relevant 
time] 
([insert 
relevant 
financial centre] time) 
Feststellungstag 
[erster] [zweiter] [andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen 
einfügen] 
Geschäftstag 
[vor [Beginn] [Ende]] der 
jeweiligen 
Variablen 
Zinsperiode 
Determination Day 
[first] 
[second] 
[insert 
other relevant number 
of 
Business 
Days] 
Business Day [prior to the 
[commencement] 
[end]] 
of the relevant Variable 
Interest Period 
Bildschirmseite 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
Screen page 
[insert relevant Screen 
Page] 
Uhrzeit für Anforderung des Marktmittelkurses für den 
Swapsatz 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] 
Uhr 
([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen] Ortszeit) 
Time for request of the mid-market swap rate 
[insert 
relevant 
time] 
([insert 
relevant 
financial centre] time) 
Referenzzinssatz für den variabel verzinslichen Teil der 
Zinsswaptransaktion 
[Zahl, 
Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzzinssatzes 
einfügen] 
Reference Interest Rate for the floating leg of the interest rate [insert 
number, 
term

--- Page 315 ---
315 
swap transaction 
and 
name 
of 
the 
relevant 
Reference 
Interest Rate] 
Bildschirmseite für Referenzzinssatz  
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite 
einfügen] 
Screen Page for Reference Interest Rate 
[insert relevant screen 
page] 
Referenzbanken 
[relevante 
Zahl 
einfügen] Großbanken im  
[falls der Referenzsatz 
kein Euro-Swapsatz ist, 
einfügen: 
[relevantes 
Finanzzentrum 
einfügen]] 
Interbankenmarkt 
[falls 
der 
Referenzsatz 
ein 
Euro-Swapsatz 
ist, 
einfügen: der Euro-Zone 
oder 
im 
Londoner 
Interbankenmarkt] 
Reference Banks 
[insert relevant number] 
major banks in the  
[if the Reference Rate is 
not a Euro swap rate: 
[insert relevant financial 
centre]] interbank market 
[if the Reference Rate is 
a Euro swap rate, insert: 
of the Euro-zone or in the 
London interbank market]] 
 
Schuldverschreibung mit einem inflationsabhängigen Zinssatz 
Notes with an inflation linked interest rate 
[Ian(t) = [ Min{ ] [ Max{ ] ((HVPI(t) – HVPI(t-1)) / HVPI(t-1)) 
[*100] [* Faktor] [+] [-] [Zuschlag] [Abschlag] [; Wert } ] [+] [-
] [Marge] 
 
Ian(t) = [ Min{ ] [ Max{ ] (HICP(t) – HICP(t-1)) / HICP(t-1) 
[*100] [* Factor] [+] [-] [Surcharge] [Reduction] [;Value } ] [+] 
[-] [Margin] 
 
"HVPI(t)" 
[Bezugszeitraum (t) 
einfügen] 
"HICP(t)" 
[insert 
reference 
period (t)] 
"HVPI(t-1)" 
[Bezugszeitraum (t-1) 
einfügen] 
"HICP(t-1)" 
[insert 
reference 
period (t-1)] 
["Abschlag" 
[Zahl] 
[Anzahl 
von 
Prozentpunkten] 
[Höhe 
des 
Abschlags 
einfügen]] 
["Reduction" 
[number] 
[number 
of 
percentage points] 
[insert 
amount 
of 
reduction]] 
["Zuschlag" 
[Zahl] 
[Anzahl 
von 
Prozentpunkten]

--- Page 316 ---
316 
[Höhe 
des 
Zuschlags 
einfügen]] 
["Surcharge" 
[number] 
[number 
of 
percentage points] 
[insert 
amount 
of 
surcharge]] 
["Wert" 
[Zahl] 
[Anzahl 
von 
Prozentpunkten] 
[Höhe 
des 
Wertes 
einfügen]] 
["Value" 
[number] 
[number 
of 
percentage points] 
[insert amount of value]] 
["Faktor" 
[Höhe 
des 
Faktors 
einfügen]] 
["Factor" 
[insert amount of factor]] 
["Marge" 
[Zahl] 
[Anzahl 
von 
Prozentpunkten] 
[Höhe 
der 
Marge 
einfügen]] 
["Margin" 
[number] 
[number 
of 
percentage points] 
[insert 
amount 
of 
margin]] 
Feststellungstag 
[erster] [zweiter] [andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen einfügen] 
Geschäftstag (wie in § 1 (6) 
definiert) 
[vor 
[Beginn] 
[Ende]] 
der 
jeweiligen 
Variablen Zinsperiode. 
Determination Day 
[first] 
[second] 
[insert 
other relevant number of 
Business Days] Business 
Day (as defined in § 1 (6)) 
[prior 
to 
the 
[commencement] [end]] of 
the 
relevant 
Variable 
Interest Period. 
"Bildschirmseite" 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite einfügen] 
"Screen Page"  
[insert 
relevant 
screen 
page]] 
[Mindest- und Höchstzinssatz  
 
Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest 
 
 
Mindestzinssatz 
Minimum Rate of Interest 
[     ] % per annum 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
 
mehrere Mindestzinssätze 
vom 
(einschließl
ich) 
bis 
zum 
(ausschließ
-lich) 
 
 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[zuzüglich] 
[/] 
[abzüglich] 
[Marge 
einfügen] % 
per annum

--- Page 317 ---
317 
 
 
more than one Minimum Rate of Interest 
from, 
and 
including, 
to, 
but 
excluding, 
 
 
[insert 
date] 
[insert 
date] 
[plus] [/] 
[minus] 
[insert 
Margin] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
 
Memory Floater 
Memory Floater 
 
 
Höchstzinssatz 
Maximum Rate of Interest 
[     ] % per annum 
[     ] per cent. per annum] 
Variabler Zinstagequotient 
 
Variable Day Count Fraction 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
Variable[r] Feststellungstermin[e]15  
[     ] in jedem Jahr 
Variable Determination Date[s] 
[     ] in each year 
 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
30/360 [oder] [/] [or] 360/360 [oder] [/] [or] Bond Basis 
 
 
30E/360 [oder] [/] [or] Eurobond Basis 
] 
 
Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen 
Zero Coupon Notes 
 
[Emissionsrendite 
[     ] % per annum 
Issue yield 
[     ] per cent. per annum] 
Zinstagequotient 
 
Day Count Fraction 
 
 
30/360 [oder] [/] [or] 360/360 [oder] [/] [or] Bond Basis 
 
 
30E/360 [oder] [/] [or] Eurobond Basis 
] 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4) 
 
PAYMENTS (§ 4) 
 
[Zahltag16 
 
Payment Business Day 
 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
 
15 
Einzusetzen ist die Anzahl der regulären Variablen Zinszahlungstage, wobei im Falle einer langen oder kurzen ersten 
bzw. letzten Zinsperiode der Tag der Begebung bzw. der Fälligkeitstag nicht zu berücksichtigen sind. 
Insert number of regular Variable Interest Payment Dates ignoring issue date or Maturity Date in the case of a long or 
short first or last interest period.  
16  
Nicht auszufüllen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit Fix-to-Floating Verzinsung. Not to be completed in case of 
Notes with Fix-to-Floating interest.

--- Page 318 ---
318 
Anpassung des Zinsbetrags17 
 
Adjustment of Amount of Interest 
 
 
Angepasst 
Adjusted 
 
 
Nicht angepasst 
Unadjusted] 
 
[Festzahltag18 
 
Fixed Payment Business Day 
 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
Anpassung des Zinsbetrags 
 
Adjustment of Amount of Interest 
 
 
Angepasst 
Adjusted 
 
 
Nicht angepasst 
Unadjusted] 
 
[Variabler Zahltag19 
 
Variable Payment Business Day 
 
 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
Following Business Day Convention 
 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
Anpassung des Zinsbetrags 
 
Adjustment of Amount of Interest 
 
 
Angepasst 
Adjusted 
 
 
Nicht angepasst 
Unadjusted] 
 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
 
[Rückzahlung am Fälligkeitstag 
 
Redemption on the Maturity Date 
 
Fälligkeitstag 
Maturity Date 
[     ] 
[     ] 
[Schuldverschreibungen, deren Laufzeit sich bei Nichtzahlung des 
ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrags durch die Emittentin am Fälligkeitstag 
verlängert 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Notes, whose term shall be extended in case the Issuer does not pay the 
[Yes] [No]]20 
 
17 
Nicht auszufüllen im Fall von Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen. Not to be completed in case of Zero Coupon Notes. 
18  
Auszufüllen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit Fix-to-Floating Verzinsung. To be completed in case of Notes with 
Fix-to-Floating interest. 
19  
Auszufüllen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit Fix-to-Floating Verzinsung. To be completed in case of Notes with 
Fix-to-Floating interest.

--- Page 319 ---
319 
outstanding aggregate principal amount on the Maturity Date 
[Erweiterter Fälligkeitstag 
Extended Maturity Date 
[     ] 
[     ]]21 
Rückzahlungskurs 
Redemption Price 
[     ] % 
[     ] per cent. 
[Zinssatz im Falle einer Laufzeitverlängerung 
Rate of Interest in case of an extrension of the term 
 
 
Interpolation anwendbar 
Interpolation applicable 
 
Interpolierte Zinsperiode 
[kurze] 
[lange] 
[erste] 
[letzte] Zinsperiode 
Interpolated Interest Period 
[short] [long] [first] [last] 
Interest Period 
Referenzzinssatz, der auf alle Zinsperioden anwendbar ist, auf die 
Interpolation nicht anwendbar ist 
[Zahl, 
Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzzinssatzes 
einfügen] 
Reference Interest Rate which shall apply to all Interest Periods to 
which interpolation shall not apply 
[insert number, term and 
name 
of 
the 
relevant 
Reference Interest Rate] 
Uhrzeit der Bildschirmfeststellung 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] Uhr ([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Ortszeit) 
Day-time of the Screen Page Determination 
[insert 
relevant 
time] 
([insert relevant financial 
centre] time) 
 
Interpolation nicht anwendbar 
Interpolation not applicable 
 
Referenzzinssatz 
[Zahl, 
Laufzeit 
und 
Bezeichnung 
des 
relevanten 
Referenzzinssatzes 
einfügen] 
Reference Interest Rate 
[insert number, term and 
name 
of 
the 
relevant 
Reference Interest Rate] 
Uhrzeit der Bildschirmfeststellung 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] Uhr ([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Ortszeit) 
Day-time of the Screen Page Determination 
[insert 
relevant 
time] 
([insert relevant financial 
centre] time) 
 
unveränderliche Marge  
invariable Margin 
 
 
zuzüglich 
[     ] % per annum 
 
20  
Nur im Fall von Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen ausfüllen. To be completed in case of Covered Bank Bonds 
only. 
21  
Nur im Fall von Fundierten Bankschuldverschreibungen, deren Laufzeit sich bei Nichtzahlung des ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags durch die Emittentin am Fälligkeitstag verlängert, ausfüllen. Only to be filled in case of Covered 
Bank Bonds, the maturity of which can be extended in case of non payment of the outstanding aggregate nominal 
amount.

--- Page 320 ---
320 
plus 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
 
abzüglich 
minus 
[     ] % per annum 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
 
veränderliche Marge  
variable Margin 
 
Zinsperiode[n] und Marge[n] 
vom 
(einschließli
ch) 
bis zum 
(ausschließ-
lich) 
 
 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[zuzüglic
h] [/] 
[abzüglic
h] 
[Marge 
einfügen] 
% 
per 
annum 
 
Interest Period[s] and Margin[s] 
from, and 
including, 
to, but 
excluding, 
 
 
[insert 
date] 
[insert date] [plus] [/] 
[minus] 
[insert 
Margin] 
per 
cent. 
per annum 
 
Faktor 
Factor 
[     ] 
[     ] 
Feststellungstag 
[erster] [zweiter] [andere 
relevante 
Zahl 
von 
Geschäftstagen einfügen] 
Geschäftstag [vor [Beginn] 
[Ende]] 
der 
jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode 
Determination Day 
[first] 
[second] 
[insert 
other relevant number of 
Business Days] Business 
Day 
[prior 
to 
the 
[commencement] [end]] of 
the relevant Interest Period 
Bildschirmseite 
[relevante 
Bildschirmseite einfügen] 
Screen page 
[insert relevant Screen 
Page] 
Uhrzeit der Angebote der Referenzbanken 
[relevante 
Tageszeit 
einfügen] Uhr ([relevantes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen] 
Ortszeit) 
Day-time for the quotes of the Reference Banks 
[insert 
relevant 
time] 
([insert relevant financial 
centre] time) 
Referenzbanken 
[relevante Zahl einfügen] 
Großbanken im  
[falls 
der 
Referenzzinssatz 
nicht 
der 
EURIBOR 
ist 
einfügen: 
[relevantes 
Finanzzentrum einfügen]]

--- Page 321 ---
321 
Interbankenmarkt [falls der 
Referenzzinssatz 
EURIBOR ist, einfügen: 
der Euro-Zone oder im 
Londoner 
Interbankenmarkt] 
Reference Banks 
[insert relevant number] 
major banks in the  
[if the Reference Interest 
Rate is not EURIBOR, 
insert: 
[insert 
relevant 
financial 
centre]] 
interbank market [if the 
Reference Interest Rate is 
EURIBOR, insert: of the 
Euro-zone or in the London 
interbank market]] 
[Mindest- und Höchstzinssatz 
 
Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest 
 
 
Mindestzinssatz 
Minimum Rate of Interest 
[     ] % per annum 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
 
mehrere Mindestzinssätze 
vom 
(einschließli
ch) 
bis zum 
(ausschließl
ich) 
Mindestzins
satz 
 
[Datum 
einfügen] 
[Datum 
einfügen 
(einschließl
ich 
des 
Fälligkeitst
ags 
und 
des 
Erweiterten 
Fälligkeitst
ags 
(falls 
anwendbar
)) einfügen] 
[Mindestzin
ssatz 
einfügen] 
% 
per 
annum 
 
 
 
 
more than one Minimum Rate of Interest 
from, and 
including, 
to, but 
excluding, 
Minimum 
Rate of 
Interest 
 
[insert 
date] 
[insert date 
(including 
the 
Maturity 
Date and 
the 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date (if 
applicable)
)] 
[insert 
Minimum 
Rate of 
Interest] 
per cent. 
per 
annum 
 
Memory Floater 
Memory Floater 
 
 
 
 
Höchstzinssatz 
Maximum Rate of Interest 
[     ] % per annum 
[     ] per cent. per annum] 
Zinszahlungstage  
 
Interest Payment Dates

--- Page 322 ---
322 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
[     ] 
[     ] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
First Interest Payment Date 
[     ] 
[     ] 
Zinstagequotient 
 
Day Count Fraction 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
Feststellungstermin[e]  
[     ] in jedem Jahr 
Determination Date[s] 
[     ] in each year 
 Actual/Actual (ISDA)  
 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
30/360 [oder] [/] [or] 360/360 [oder] [/] [or] Bond Basis 
 
 
30E/360 [oder] [/] [or] Eurobond Basis 
] 
[Emissionsrendite 
[     ] % per annum 
Issue yield 
[     ] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum]] 
[Rückzahlung am Fälligkeitstag zu einem entsprechend der positiven 
Entwicklung des HVPI gebildeten Prozentsatz vom Nennbetrag 
Redemption on the Maturity Date at a percentage of the principal 
amount corresponding to the positive performance of the HICP 
 
Fälligkeitstag  
Maturity Date 
[      ] 
[      ]] 
Bezugszeitraum (t) 
Reference period (t) 
[      ] 
[      ] 
Bezugszeitraum (t-1) 
Reference period (t-1) 
[      ] 
[      ] 
[Faktor 
Factor 
[*      ] 
[*      ]] 
 
[*100] 
[Marge 
 
Margin 
eine 
definierte 
[Zahl][Anzahl 
von 
Prozentpunkten]  
[+] 
[-] 
[      ]] 
a 
defined 
[number][number 
of 
percentage 
points]  
[+] [-] [      ] 
Bildschirmseite 
Screenpage 
[Bildschirmseite]  
[screen page] 
Rückzahlungsfeststellungstag 
 
 
 
 
Redemption Determination Date 
spätestens den [zweiten] 
[zutreffende andere Zahl 
von 
Tagen] 
TARGET 
Geschäftstag 
vor 
dem 
Fälligkeitstag.] 
at the latest the [second] 
[other 
applicable 
number 
of 
days] 
TARGET Business Day 
prior to the Maturity Date.] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
[Ja] [Nein]

--- Page 323 ---
323 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
[Yes] [No] 
[ Teilweise Rückzahlung 
 
 
Partial Redemption 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Call) 
Call Redemption Date[s] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[kurs][kurse] (Call) 
Call Redemption Price[s] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) einfügen]  
 
[insert Call Redemption Date(s)] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungs[kurs][kurse] (Call) 
einfügen] 
[insert Call Redemption Price(s)] 
 
Mindestkündigungsfrist 
[Mindestkündigungsfris
t einfügen, die nicht 
weniger 
als 
15 
Geschäftstage betragen 
darf] 
[Kalendertage] 
[Geschäftstage] 
Minimum Notice Period 
[insert Minimum Notice 
Period (which shall not 
be 
less 
than 
15 
Business 
Days)] 
[calendar 
days] 
[Business Days] 
 
Höchstkündigungsfrist 
[Höchstkündigungsfrist 
einfügen] [Kalendertage] 
[Geschäftstage] 
 
Maximum Notice Period 
[insert Maximum Notice 
Period] [calendar days] 
[Business Days]] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers22 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder 
[Yes] [No] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e] (Put) 
Put Redemption Date[s] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs[kurs][kurse] (Put) 
Put Redemption Price[s] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put) einfügen]  
[insert Put Redemption Date(s)] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungs[kurs][kurse] (Put) 
einfügen] 
[insert Put Redemption Price(s)] 
Mindestkündigungsfrist 
[Mindestkündigungsfris
t einfügen, die nicht 
weniger 
als 
15 
Geschäftstage betragen 
darf] 
[Kalender-tage] 
[Geschäftstage] 
Minimum Notice Period 
[insert Minimum Notice 
Period (which shall not 
be 
less 
than 
15 
Business 
Days)] 
[calendar 
days] 
[Business Days] 
 
22  
Nicht im Fall von Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. 
 
Not applicable in case of Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 324 ---
324 
 
Höchstkündigungsfrist 
[Höchstkündigungsfrist 
einfügen] [Kalendertage] 
[Geschäftstage] 
 
Maximum Notice Period 
insert Maximum Notice 
Period] [calendar days] 
[Business Days]] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation 
[Yes] [No] 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist 
[Mindestkündigungsfris
t 
einfügen] 
[Kalendertage] 
[Geschäftstage] 
Minimum Notice Period 
[insert Minimum Notice 
Period] [calendar days] 
[Business Days] 
Höchstkündigungsfrist 
[Höchstkündigungsfrist 
einfügen] [Kalendertage] 
[Geschäftstage] 
Maximum Notice Period 
[insert Maximum Notice 
Period] [calendar days] 
[Business Days]] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus aufsichtsrechtlichen Gründen23 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons 
[Yes] [No] 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist 
[Mindestkündigungsfris
t 
einfügen] 
[Kalendertage] 
[Geschäftstage] 
Minimum Notice Period 
[insert Minimum Notice 
Period] [calendar days] 
[Business Days] 
Höchstkündigungsfrist 
[Höchstkündigungsfrist 
einfügen] [Kalendertage] 
[Geschäftstage] 
Maximum Notice Period 
[insert Maximum Notice 
Period] [calendar days] 
[Business Days] 
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[Anwendbar] 
[Nicht 
anwendbar]  
Early Redemption Amount 
[Applicable] [Not 
applicable]  
[[ Rückzahlungsbetrag 
Final Redemption Amount 
 
 
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag 
Early Redemption Amount 
[     ] 
[     ]]24 
[Begebungstag 
[     ] 
Issue Date 
[     ] 
Ausgabekurs 
[     ] % 
Issue Price 
[     ] per cent.] 
 
23  
Nur im Fall von Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen und Berücksichtigungsfähigen Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar. 
Applicable only in case of Subordinated Notes and Eligible Notes. 
24  
Nur im Fall von anderen Schuldverschreibungen als Nullkupon Schuldverschreibungen einfügen. 
 
Insert only in case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes.

--- Page 325 ---
325 
DIE ZAHLSTELLE[N] [UND DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] (§ 6) 
PAYING AGENT[S] [AND CALCULATION AGENT] (§ 6) 
Hauptzahlstelle 
Principal Paying Agent 
 
 
Oberbank AG 
 
 
Sonstige 
Other 
[     ] 
[     ] 
 
Zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstelle und deren bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
Additional or other Paying Agent and its specified office 
[     ] 
 
[     ] 
[Berechnungsstelle 
Calculation Agent 
 
 
Oberbank AG 
 
 
Sonstige 
Other 
[     ] 
[     ]] 
STEUERN (§ 7) 
 
TAXATION (§ 7) 
 
Zusätzliche Beträge 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht 
anwendbar] 
Additional Amounts 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
applicable] 
[KÜNDIGUNG (§ 9)25 
[Ja] [Nein]] 
[ACCELERATION (§ 9) 
[Yes] [No]] 
[GLÄUBIGERVERSAMMLUNG, ÄNDERUNG UND VERZICHT (§ [11/12])26 
MEETING OF HOLDERS, MODIFICATIONS AND WAIVER (§ [11/12]) 
 
Anwendbar 
Applicable  
 
 
Nicht anwendbar 
Not applicable  
 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger 
Appointment of a Joint Representative of the Holders 
 
 
durch Mehrheitsbeschluss der Gläubiger 
by majority resolution of the Holders  
 
 
in den Emissionsbedingungen 
[Namen und Adresse 
des 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters einfügen] 
in the Terms and Conditions 
[insert 
name 
and 
address of the Joint 
Representative]] 
SPRACHE (§ [12/13/14]) 
 
LANGUAGE (§ [12/13/14]) 
 
 
Deutsch 
German 
 
 
25 
Nur im Fall von Gewöhnlichen Nicht-Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen, bei denen Kündigung Anwendung findet, 
einfügen. 
 
Insert only in case of Ordinary Senior Notes where Acceleration is applicable. 
26 
Nur im Fall von Gewöhnlichen Nicht-Nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen, bei denen Änderungen der 
Emissionsbedingungen durch eine Gläubigerversammlung und die Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters möglich 
sein sollen, einfügen.  
Insert only in case of Ordinary Senior Notes where modifications of the Terms and Conditions by a meeting of Holders 
and appointment of a Joint Representative shall be possible.

--- Page 326 ---
326 
 
Englisch 
English 
 
 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text maßgeblich) 
German and English (German language binding) 
 
 
Deutsch und Englisch (englischer Text maßgeblich) 
German and English (English language binding)

--- Page 327 ---
327 
TEIL B. – ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
PART B. – OTHER INFORMATION 
GRUNDLEGENDE INFORMATIONEN 
 
ESSENTIAL INFORMATION 
 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher oder juristischer Personen, die an der Emission bzw. dem 
Angebot beteiligt sind 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue or the Offering 
 
Mit Ausnahme [der an [den] [die] Manager zu zahlenden Gebühren] [des wirtschaftlichen 
Interesses [des Managers] [der Manager]] [des von [⚫] mit der Emittentin im Zusammenhang mit 
den Schuldverschreibungen eingegangenen [Swapvertrags] [Derivatevertrags]] [– falls vereinbart 
–] haben die an der Emission bzw. dem Angebot der Schuldverschreibungen beteiligten 
Personen – soweit die Emittentin hiervon Kenntnis hat – kein materielles Interesse an der 
Emission bzw. dem Angebot. 
Save for [the fees payable to the Manager[s]] [the commercial interests of the Manager[s]] [the 
[swap] [derivatives] agreement [⚫] and the Issuer have entered into with regard to the Notes] [if 
any], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue or offering of the Notes has an 
interest material to the issue or the offering. 
 
Andere Interessen, einschließlich Interessenskonflikte 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Other Interests, including conflicts of interest 
[specify details] 
[Gründe für das Angebot und] Verwendung der Erträge27 
[     ] 
[Reasons for the Offer and] Use of Proceeds 
[     ] 
Geschätzter Nettoerlös28  
[     ] 
Estimated Net Proceeds 
[     ] 
[Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission 
[     ] 
Estimated Total Expenses of the Issue 
[     ]] 
INFORMATIONEN 
ÜBER 
DIE 
ANZUBIETENDEN 
BZW. 
ZUM 
HANDEL 
ZUZULASSENDEN 
WERTPAPIERE 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SECURITIES TO BE OFFERED OR ADMITTED TO TRADING 
Wertpapierkennnummern 
 
Security Codes 
 
 
ISIN  
[     ] 
ISIN  
[     ] 
 
Common Code 
[     ] 
Common Code 
[     ] 
 
Wertpapierkennnummer (WKN) 
[     ] 
German Security Code 
[     ] 
 
Sonstige Wertpapierkennnummer 
[     ] 
Any Other Security Code 
[     ] 
 
27 
Siehe den Abschnitt mit der Überschrift "Use of Proceeds" im Prospekt. Falls der Nettoerlös von der Emittentin nicht für 
die dort genannten Zweckeverwendet werden soll, sind diese Gründe einzufügen. Nicht auszufüllen im Fall von 
Wholesale-Schuldverschreibungen (ausgenommen Green Bonds, Social Bonds und Sustainability Bonds). 
See the section entitled "Use of Proceeds" in the Prospectus. If the net proceeds shall not be applied by the Issuer for 
the purposes set out therein, insert those reasons. Not to be completed in case of Wholesale Notes (except for Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds). 
28  
Sofern die Erträge für verschiedene Verwendungszwecke vorgesehen sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln und nach der 
Priorität der Verwendungszwecke darzustellen. 
 
If proceeds are intended to be used for more than one principal use, these must be broken down and illustrated clearly 
according to their priority by their uses.

--- Page 328 ---
328 
Informationen über die vergangene und künftige Wertentwicklung des 
Basiswerts und dessen Volatilität29 
Information about the past and future performance of the underlying 
and its volatility 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 
[Not applicable] 
Einzelheiten über die vergangene und künftige Wertentwicklung des [Referenzzinssatzes] 
[Referenzsatzes] und dessen Volatilität können auf der Bildschirmseite [Bildschirmseite einfügen] 
abgerufen werden (diese Informationen sind kostenpflichtig). 
Details information about the past and future performance of the [Reference Interest Rate] [Reference 
Rate] can be obtained from Screen Page [specify relevant Screen Page] (this information is not free 
of charge). 
Emissionsrendite30 
[Nicht anwendbar] [[     ] % 
per annum für den Fall, dass 
es 
keine 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung [im Fall von 
Fundierten 
Bankschuld-
verschreibungen, 
deren 
Laufzeit 
sich 
bei 
Nichtzahlung 
des 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags durch 
die 
Emittentin 
am 
Fälligkeitstag 
verlängert, 
einfügen: 
oder 
Verlängerung der Laufzeit] 
gibt.] 
Issue Yield 
[Not applicable] [[     ] per 
cent. per annum in case 
there is no early redemption 
[in case of covered bank 
bonds whose term shall 
be extended in case the 
Issuer does not pay the 
outstanding 
aggregate 
principal amount on the 
Maturity Date insert: or 
extension of the term].] 
Beschlüsse, Ermächtigungen und Billigungen, welche die Grundlage für die 
Schaffung/Emission der Schuldverschreibungen bilden 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by virtue of which the Notes will 
be created and/or issued 
[specify details] 
KONDITIONEN DES ANGEBOTS31 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
 
Konditionen, Angebotsstatistiken, erwarteter Zeitplan und erforderliche Maßnahmen für die 
Antragstellung 
Conditions, Offer Statistics, Expected Timetable and Action Required to Apply for the Offer 
Angebotskonditionen 
[Öffentliches 
Angebot] 
[Privatplatzierung] 
[in 
Österreich/Deutschland] 
[Einzelheiten angeben]  
 
29 
Nur im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Retail-Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar 
Applicable only in case of Floating Rate Retail-Notes. 
30 
Nur im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit einem festen Zinssatz und Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. 
Applicable only in the case of Fixed Rate Notes and Zero Coupon Notes. 
31  
Auszufüllen im Fall von öffentlichen Angeboten von Retail-Schuldverschreibungen. 
To be completed in case of public offers of Retail-Notes.

--- Page 329 ---
329 
Conditions, to which the offer is subject 
[Public 
offer] 
[Private 
Placement] 
[in 
Austria/Germany] 
[specify 
details]  
Gesamtsumme der Emission/des Angebots. Ist diese nicht festgelegt, 
Beschreibung der Regelungen und Angabe des Zeitpunkts für die 
öffentliche Bekanntmachung des Angebotsbetrags 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Total amount of the issue/offer; if the amount is not fixed, description of 
the arrangements and time for announcing to the public the definitive 
amount of the offer 
[specify details] 
Frist – einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – während der das Angebot 
vorliegt und Beschreibung des Antragsverfahrens 
[Im Fall von Wholesale-
Schuldverschreibungen 
einfügen: Nicht anwendbar] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Retail-
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die als Daueremissionen 
ohne einem fixen Ende der 
Zeichnungsfrist 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
Bei 
Daueremissionen entspricht 
die 
Angebotsfrist 
im 
Wesentlichen der Laufzeit 
der Schuldverschreibungen, 
bzw. dem Zeitraum vom 
[Datum einfügen] bis zum 
Laufzeitende 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. 
bis 
zur 
Schließung 
der 
Daueremission oder bis zur 
Ausübung 
eines 
Kündigungsrechts.] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Retail-
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die als Daueremissionen 
mit 
einem 
Ende 
der 
Zeichnungsfrist 
begeben 
werden, 
einfügen: 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden von der Emittentin 
im 
Rahmen 
eines 
öffentlichen Angebots in der 
Zeit 
vom 
[Beginn 
der 
Zeichnungsfrist einfügen] 
bis 
[Ende 
der 
Zeichnungsfrist einfügen] 
(die "Zeichnungsfrist") zum 
Ausgabepreis zur Zeichnung 
angeboten. Nach Ablauf der 
Zeichnungsfrist ist bis zur 
endgültigen Schließung des 
Angebotes 
ein 
Erwerb 
freibleibend 
bei 
der 
Emittentin zum jeweiligen 
Verkaufspreis möglich [, und 
nach 
Aufnahme 
einer 
Börsennotierung 
darüber 
hinaus 
auch 
über 
die 
Börse].] 
[Ist 
vor 
Beendigung 
der 
Zeichnungsfrist 
bzw. 
Angebotsfrist 
zu

--- Page 330 ---
330 
irgendeinem Zeitpunkt an 
einem Geschäftstag bereits 
der 
in 
den 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
angegebene 
Gesamtnennbetrag für die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erreicht, 
beendet 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
Zeichnungsfrist 
bzw. 
Angebotsfrist 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
dem betreffenden Zeitpunkt 
an 
diesem 
Geschäftstag 
ohne 
vorherige 
Bekanntmachung. Sind bis 
zum 
Erstvalutatag 
der 
Daueremission 
nicht 
ausreichend 
gültige 
Zeichnungsanträge für die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen, behält sich die 
Emittentin das Recht vor, die 
Daueremission 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
stornieren. Die Emittentin ist 
nicht 
verpflichtet, 
gezeichnete 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
emittieren.] 
[Die Emittentin behält sich 
das 
Recht 
vor, 
die 
Zeichnungsfrist im eigenen 
Ermessen zu verkürzen oder 
zu verlängern.] 
[weitere 
Einzelheiten 
angeben] 
The time period, including any possible amendments, during which the 
offer will be open and description of the application process 
[In 
case 
of 
Wholesale 
Notes 
insert: 
Not 
applicable] 
[In case of Retail-Notes 
issued 
as 
tap 
issues 
without a fixed end of the 
subscription 
period, 
insert: In case of tap issues 
the time period during which 
the offer will be open usually 
corresponds with the term of 
the Notes, or the period 
starting on [insert date] until 
the end of the term of the 
Notes or until the closing of 
the tap issue or until the 
exercise of a call option.] 
[In case of Retail-Notes 
issued as tap issues with 
an end of subscription 
period, insert: The Notes 
will be offered by the Issuer 
for subscription at the Issue 
Price by means of a public 
offering in the period from 
[insert 
start 
of 
the

--- Page 331 ---
331 
subscription 
period] 
to 
[insert 
end 
of 
the 
subscription period] (the 
"Subscription 
Period"). 
Following the expiration of 
the Subscription Period until 
the final closing of the offer, 
an acquisition may be made 
subject to the confirmation of 
the respective selling price 
by the Issuer [, and through 
a stock exchange, following 
the 
listing 
on 
a 
stock 
exchange].] 
[If the aggregate principal 
amount 
for 
the 
Notes 
indicated in the Final Terms 
has been reached prior to 
the end of the subscription 
period or offer period at any 
time on a business day, the 
Issuer will terminate the 
subscription period or offer 
period for the Notes at the 
relevant 
time 
on 
that 
business day without prior 
notice. If the Issuer has not 
received 
sufficient 
valid 
subscription applications for 
the Notes until the first value 
date of the tap issue, the 
Issuer reserves the right to 
cancel the tap issue of the 
Notes. The Issuer is not 
obliged to issue subscribed 
Notes.] 
[The Issuer reserves the 
right to shorten or extend the 
subscription 
period 
for 
specific issuances in its sole 
discretion.] 
[specify further details] 
 
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der Zeichnungen und 
des Verfahrens für die Erstattung des zu viel gezahlten Betrags an die 
Antragsteller 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
A description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions and the manner 
for refunding excess amount paid by applicants 
[specify details] 
Mindest- und/oder maximale Zeichnungshöhe (ausgedrückt als Anzahl 
der Wertpapiere oder aggregierte Anlagesumme) 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of application (whether 
in number of securities or aggregate amount to invest) 
[specify details] 
Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der Wertpapiere und ihre 
Lieferung 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Method and time limits for paying up the securities and for delivery of 
the securities 
[specify details]

--- Page 332 ---
332 
Umfassende Beschreibung der Modalitäten und des Termins für die 
öffentliche Bekanntgabe der Angebotsergebnisse 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
A full description of the manner and date in which results of the offer are 
to be made public 
[specify details] 
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen Vorkaufsrechts, die 
Übertragbarkeit der Zeichnungsrechte und die Behandlung nicht 
ausgeübter Zeichnungsrechte 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
The procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-emption, the 
negotiability of subscription rights and the treatment of subscription 
rights not exercised 
[specify details] 
Verteilungs- und Zuteilungsplan32 
Plan of Distribution and Allotment 
Werden die Wertpapiere gleichzeitig auf den Märkten zweier oder 
mehrerer Staaten angeboten und ist eine bestimmte Tranche einigen 
dieser Märkte vorbehalten, so ist diese Tranche anzugeben. 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
If the offer is being made simultaneously in the markets of two or more 
countries and if a tranche has been or is being reserved for certain of 
these, indicate any such tranche. 
[specify details] 
Verfahren für die Benachrichtigung der Zeichner über den ihnen 
zugeteilten Betrag und Hinweis darauf, ob mit dem Handel schon vor 
einer solchen Benachrichtigung begonnen werden kann. 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Process for notification to applicants of the amount allotted and the 
indication whether dealing may begin before notification is made. 
[specify details] 
Preisfestsetzung33 
Pricing 
Angabe des Preises, zu dem die Wertpapiere voraussichtlich 
angeboten werden, oder der Methode, nach der der Preis festgesetzt 
wird, und Verfahrens für seine Bekanntgabe. 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Die Zeichnung erfolgt zum 
[Erst-]Ausgabekurs, der [am 
Begebungstag] 
[zu 
Angebotsbeginn 
am 
[⚫]] 
[[Erst-]Ausgabekurs 
einfügen] beträgt [im Falle 
einer Daueremission ist 
folgendes anwendbar: und 
danach 
laufend 
an 
die 
Marktgegebenheiten 
angepasst wird] 
An indication of the expected price at which the securities will be offered 
or the method of determining the price and the process for its 
disclosure.  
[specify details] 
The subscription is made at 
the [initial] issue price which 
amounts to [insert [initial] 
issue price] [on the Issue 
Date] [at the beginning of 
the offer on [⚫] [in case of a 
tap issue the following 
applies: and thereafter is 
continuously adjusted to the 
market conditions.] 
 
32  
Auszufüllen im Fall von öffentlichen Angeboten von Retail-Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
To be completed in case of public offers of Retail-Notes. 
33  
Auszufüllen im Fall von öffentlichen Angeboten von Retail-Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
To be completed in case of public offers of Retail-Notes.

--- Page 333 ---
333 
Angabe etwaiger Kosten und Steuern, die speziell dem Zeichner oder 
Käufer in Rechnung gestellt werden 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Indicate the amount of any expenses and taxes specifically charged to 
the subscriber or purchaser. 
[specify details] 
PLATZIERUNG UND ÜBERNAHME 
 
PLACING AND UNDERWRITING  
Name und Anschrift des Koordinators/der Koordinatoren des globalen 
Angebots oder einzelner Teile des Angebots und – sofern der 
Emittentin oder dem Bieter bekannt – Angaben zu den Platzeuren in 
den einzelnen Ländern des Angebots34 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the global offer and of 
single parts of the offer and, to the extent known to the Issuer or the 
offeror, or the placers in the various countries where the offer takes 
place. 
[specify details] 
Vertriebsmethode 
 
Method of Distribution 
 
 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
Non-Syndicated 
 
 
Syndiziert 
 
Syndicated 
 
Übernahmevertrag35 
 
Subscription Agreement 
 
Datum des Übernahmevertrags 
[     ] 
Date of Subscription Agreement 
[     ] 
Hauptmerkmale des Übernahmevertrags (einschließlich der Quoten) 
[Einzelheiten 
angeben 
(unter anderem, falls die 
Emission nicht zur Gänze 
übernommen wird, ist eine 
Erklärung 
zum 
verbleibenden 
Teil 
einzufügen] 
General Features of the Subscription Agreement (including the quotas) 
[specify details (inter alia, 
where not all of the issue 
is 
underwritten, 
a 
statement of the portion 
not covered has to be 
included)] 
Einzelheiten bezüglich [des Managers] [der Manager] 
(einschließlich der Art der Übernahmeverpflichtung) 
 
Details with Regard to the Manager[s] (including the type of 
commitment) 
 
Manager 
[Namen und Adresse(n) 
des Managers bzw. der 
Manager angeben]  
Manager[s] 
[specify 
name(s) 
and 
address(es) of Manager(s)] 
 
Feste Übernahmeverpflichtung 
 
Firm Commitment 
 
 
Ohne feste Übernahmeverpflichtung 
 
Without Firm Commitment 
 
 
34  
Auszufüllen im Fall von öffentlichen Angeboten von Retail-Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
To be completed in case of public offers of Retail-Notes. 
35  
Auszufüllen im Fall von öffentlichen Angeboten von Retail-Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
To be completed in case of public offers of Retail-Notes.

--- Page 334 ---
334 
Kursstabilisierender Manager 
[Einzelheiten 
angeben] 
[Keiner] 
Stabilising Manager 
[specify details] [None] 
Provisionen, Gebühren und geschätzte Gesamtkosten  
Commissions, Fees and Estimated Total Expenses 
 
Management- und Übernahmeprovision 
[[     ]  % des Gesamtnenn-
betrags] 
Management and Underwriting Commission 
[[     ] 
per 
cent. 
of 
the 
Aggregate Principal Amount] 
 
Verkaufsgebühr 
[[     ]  % des Gesamtnenn-
betrags] 
Selling Fee 
[[     ] 
per 
cent. 
of 
the 
Aggregate Principal Amount] 
 
Andere 
[[     ]  % des Gesamtnenn-
betrags] 
Other 
[[     ] 
per 
cent. 
of 
the 
Aggregate Principal Amount] 
Gesamtprovision 
[[     ]  % des Gesamtnenn-
betrags] 
Total Commission 
[[     ] 
per 
cent. 
of 
the 
Aggregate Principal Amount] 
Spesen, die vom Zeichner zu tragen sind 
[Nicht anwendbar] [[     ]  %] 
Commission to be paid by the subscriber 
[Not applicable] [[     ] per 
cent.] 
BÖRSENOTIERUNG[EN], ZULASSUNG ZUM HANDEL UND HANDELSMODALITÄTEN 
LISTING[S], ADMISSION[S] TO TRADING AND DEALING ARRANGEMENTS 
Börsezulassung[en] 
Listing[s] 
[Ja] [Nein] 
[Yes] [No] 
 
Wien - Amtlicher Handel 
Vienna - Official Market 
 
 
Wien – Vienna MTF 
Vienna – Vienna MTF 
 
 
Geregelter Markt in Deutschland  
Regulated market in Germany  
[     ] 
[     ] 
 
MTF in Deutschland  
MTF in Germany  
[     ] 
[     ] 
[Erwarteter] Termin der Zulassung[en] 
[     ] 
[Expected] Date of Admission[s]  
[     ] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel36 
[     ] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to the admission to trading 
[     ] 
Angabe sämtlicher geregelter oder gleichwertiger Märkte, an denen 
nach Kenntnis der Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen der gleichen 
Wertpapierkategorie, die zum Handel angeboten oder zugelassen 
werden sollen, bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind37 
[     ] 
All regulated markets or equivalent markets on which to the knowledge 
of the Issuer, notes of the same class as the Notes to be offered or 
[     ] 
 
36  
Nicht auszufüllen im Fall von Retail-Schuldverschreibungen.  
Not to be completed in case of Retail-Notes. 
37  
Im Fall einer Aufstockung, die mit einer vorangegangenen Emission fungible ist, ist die Angabe erforderlich, dass die 
ursprünglichen Schuldverschreibungen bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind. Nicht auszufüllen im Fall von Wholesale-
Schuldverschreibungen. 
In case of an increase, which is fungible with a previous issue it must be indicated that the original notes are already 
admitted to trading. Not to be completed in case of Wholesale Notes.

--- Page 335 ---
335 
admitted to trading are already admitted to trading 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer Zusage als 
Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig sind und Liquidität mittels Geld- 
und Briefkursen schaffen, und Beschreibung des wesentlichen Inhalts 
ihrer Zusage38 
[Nicht 
anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Name and address of the entities which have committed themselves to 
act as intermediaries in secondary trading, providing liquidity through 
bid and offer rates and description of the main terms of their 
commitment 
[Not applicable] [specify 
details] 
ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Rating[s] 
 
Rating[s] 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen haben [kein Rating.] [das folgende 
Rating:] [die folgenden Ratings:]] [Es wird erwartet, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen [das folgende Rating] [die folgenden Ratings] 
haben:]39 
 
[The Notes have not been rated.] [The Notes have been rated as 
follows:] [It is expected that the Notes will be rated as follows:] 
 
[Einzelheiten darüber einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen 
Union hat und gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009, in ihrer geänderten Fassung, registriert 
ist (gemäß dem aktuellen Verzeichnis der registrierten Ratingagenturen, das auf der 
Internetseite 
der 
Europäischen 
Wertpapier- 
und 
Marktaufsichtsbehörde 
("www .esma.europa.eu") veröffentlicht ist) oder die Registrierung beantragt hat.] 
[Insert details on whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Union and 
is registered (pursuant to the current list of registered and certified credit rating agencies 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
("www .esma.europa.eu")) pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended or has 
applied for registration.] 
Verkaufsbeschränkungen  
 
Selling Restrictions  
 
Weitere Verkaufsbeschränkungen 
[Nicht 
anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Additional Selling Restrictions 
[Not 
applicable] 
[specify 
detail] 
Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum  [Anwendbar] 
[Nicht 
anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area 
 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
[Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich 
[Anwendbar] 
[Nicht 
anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom 
 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
applicable]] 
Nicht befreites Angebot 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Non-exempt offer  
[Yes] [No] 
Zustimmung zur Verwendung des Prospekts 
[Allgemein] 
[Im Fall von "Allgemein" 
einfügen: Die Zustimmung 
zur 
Verwendung 
des 
 
38  
Nicht auszufüllen im Fall von Wholesale-Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
Not to be completed in case of Wholesale Notes. 
39 
Falls die Schuldverschreibungen unabhängig vom Programm Ratings erhalten haben, sind diese Ratings einzufügen. 
Bei Retail-Schuldverschreibungen ist eine kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des Ratings, wenn dieses vorher von der 
Ratingagentur erstellt wurde, einzufügen. 
If the Notes have been rated independently of the Programme insert such ratings. In case of Retail-Notes a brief 
explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has been previously published by the rating provider must be included.

--- Page 336 ---
336 
Prospektes 
wurde 
für 
folgende 
Jurisdiktionen 
erteilt: 
[Jurisdiktionen 
einfügen]] 
[Individuell] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Consent to the Use of the Prospectus 
[General] 
[In the case of "General", 
insert: The consent to use 
this Prospectus was given 
to: [insert jurisdictions]] 
[Individual] [Not applicable] 
Finanzintermediär(e), dem (denen) die individuelle Zustimmung erteilt 
wurde: 
[Finanzintermediär(e) 
samt 
der 
Jurisdiktion 
für 
die 
individuelle 
Zustimmung 
erteilt 
wurde, 
einfügen] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Financial intermediary(ies) to which the consent has been given: 
[insert 
the 
Financial 
intermediary(ies) 
together 
with the jurisdictions such 
individual consent applies 
to] [Not applicable] 
Angebotszeitraum, während derer die spätere Weiterveräußerung oder 
endgültige Platzierung von Wertpapieren durch die Platzeure oder 
weitere Finanzintermediäre erfolgen kann 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Offer period during which subsequent resale or final placement of the 
Notes by dealers and/or further financial intermediaries can be made 
[specify detail] 
Weitere Bedingungen für die Verwendung des Prospekts  
[Nicht 
anwendbar] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Further conditions for the use of the Prospectus 
[Not 
applicable] 
[specify 
details] 
[Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
 
Third Party Information 
 
[relevante Informationen angeben] wurde[n] aus [relevante Informationsquelle angeben] 
exzerpiert. Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Angaben korrekt wiedergegeben wurden und nach 
Wissen der Emittentin und – soweit für sie aus den von [relevante Informationsquelle angeben] 
veröffentlichten Angaben ersichtlich – keine Auslassungen beinhaltet, die die wiedergegebenen 
Angaben inkorrekt oder irreführend gestalten würden. 
[specify relevant information] has been extracted from [specify relevant source of information]. 
The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, as far as it is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify relevant source of information], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
[Angabe zu Benchmarks gemäß Artikel 29 
Abs. 2 der Benchmark Verordnung: 
[Die unter den Schuldverschreibungen zu leistende(n) 
Zahlung(en) 
wird/werden 
unter 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
[Benchmark(s) einfügen: ⚫] bestimmt, der/die von 
[Namen des Administrators bzw. der Administratoren 
einfügen: ⚫] bereitgestellt wird/werden. Zum Datum 
dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen ist/sind [Namen des 
Administrators bzw. der Administratoren einfügen: 
⚫] in dem von der Europäischen Wertpapier- und 
Marktaufsichtsbehörde ("ESMA") gemäß Artikel 36 der 
Verordnung (EU) 2016/2011 erstellten und geführten 
Register der Administratoren und Benchmarks [nicht] 
eingetragen. 
[Zum 
Datum 
dieser 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen ist/sind [Namen des Administrators bzw. 
der Administratoren einfügen: ⚫] in dem von der 
ESMA gemäß Artikel 36 der Verordnung (EU) 2016/2011 
erstellten und geführten Register der Administratoren 
und Benchmarks nicht eingetragen.]] 
[Soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist, [fällt/fallen 
[Benchmark(s) einfügen: ⚫] gemäß Artikel 2 dieser

--- Page 337 ---
337 
Verordnung nicht in den Anwendungsbereich der 
Verordnung (EU) 2016/2011] [bzw. es] [finden die 
Übergangsbestimmungen 
gemäß 
Artikel 
51 
der 
Verordnung (EU) 2016/2011 Anwendung], so dass es 
zurzeit für [Namen des Administrators bzw. der 
Administratoren einfügen: ⚫] nicht erforderlich ist, eine 
Zulassung oder Registrierung zu erlangen (oder, falls 
außerhalb der Europäischen Union angesiedelt, eine 
Anerkennung, Übernahme oder Gleichwertigkeit zu 
erlangen).] 
[ggf. 
weitere 
Informationen 
zu 
Benchmarks gemäß Artikel 29 Abs. 2 der Benchmark 
Verordnung einfügen: ⚫]] 
[Statement on benchmarks according to 
Article 29 (2) of the Benchmark Regulation: 
[The amount(s) payable under the Notes is/are 
calculated by reference to [specify benchmark(s): ⚫], 
which is/are provided by [insert administrator(s) legal 
name: ⚫]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert 
administrator(s) legal name: ⚫] is/are [not] included in 
the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 
of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011. [As at the date of 
these Final Terms, [insert administrator(s) legal 
name: ⚫] is/are not included in the register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011.]] 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert benchmark(s): 
⚫] does/do not fall within the scope of the Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation] 
[and/or] [the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply], such that [insert 
names(s) of administrator(s): ⚫] is/are not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).] [insert alternative 
statement 
on 
benchmarks 
according 
to 
Article 29 (2) of the Benchmark Regulation, if 
applicable: ⚫]] 
Im Namen der Emittentin unterzeichnet  
Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
Von: 
Von: 
By: 
By: 
Im Auftrag 
Im Auftrag 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 338 ---
338 
5. USE OF PROCEEDS 
The proceeds from issuances of Subordinated Notes under the Programme will be applied by the 
Issuer to fulfill its own funds requirements. The proceeds from other kinds of Notes will be applied by 
the Issuer for its strategic liquidity demand. The proceeds from all kind of Notes can also be used for 
specific other purposes. The Final Terms will specify if proceeds shall be used for specific other 
purposes. The Final Terms will further specify the estimated total expenses (comprising, in particular, 
stock exchange admission and publication fees) of each respective issuance of Notes and the 
respective estimated net amount of the proceeds for such issuance (calculated by the total volume of 
the issuance of Notes minus estimated expenses).

--- Page 339 ---
339 
6. OBERBANK AG 
6.1. INTRODUCTION 
The Issuer is a licensed credit institution in terms of § 1 BWG and was founded in the Republic of 
Austria. It has its registered office in Untere Donaulände 28, 4020 Linz, Austria. 
The company management is located at: 
Untere Donaulände 28 
4020 Linz 
Republic of Austria 
Telephone number: 
+43 732 / 78 02 – 0 
Website: 
www .oberbank.com 
The information on the Issuer’s website does not form part of this Prospectus unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus (please see "Documents Incorporated By Reference" 
above). 
The principal place of business operations and the Issuer’s registered place of business are identical.  
The Issuer is established in the form of a stock corporation governed and operating under the laws of 
Austria. It is registered with the Austrian companies register under FN 79063 w. Since 5 June 1998, 
the registered firm name has been "Oberbank AG". The Issuer does business also under the 
commercial name "Oberbank". 
The legal entity identifier (LEI) is RRUN0TCQ1K2JDV7MXO75. 
6.2. HISTORY 
The foundation and the first few decades 
At a meeting convened in Linz on 13 April 1869, the participants resolved to establish a “joint stock 
company in partnership with its consorts”. The company to be established was to be designated “Bank 
für Ober-Oesterreich und Salzburg” and have its head office in Linz. The new bank was to be officially 
founded on 1 July 1869. The Federal Province of Upper Austria became a shareholder of Oberbank in 
1920, followed by Bayerische Vereinsbank in 1921. In 1929, Creditanstalt für Handel und Gewerbe 
("CA") became the majority owner of Oberbank. 
Oberbank in the aftermath of World War II 
In 1945 Oberbank, besides its Linz head office and the Salzburg principal branch, consisted of eleven 
branch offices. As early as 1946, the Austrian National Bank granted Oberbank a foreign currency 
trading licence; in 1949 the Bank was appointed ERP Bank under the Marshall Plan. Starting in 1955, 
a pronounced upward turn marked the Bank’s development as it adopted the business model of a 
universal bank. The Bank gained personal banking customers, expanded its business by taking in 
deposits from private individuals and extending loans to this customer group, and thus laid the 
foundation for gaining an equally strong foothold in corporate and personal banking. 
The 3 Banken Group 
After World War II, Creditanstalt, which held majority stakes in the three regional banks Oberbank, 
Bank für Kärnten AG today BKS and BTV, divided its shares into three lots, retained one third of each 
lot itself and sold off a stake of one third in each of the banks to the respective other two regional 
banks. The originally capital-based links between Oberbank, BKS and BTV developed into a close, 
partnership-based cooperation that continues today, evidenced by a joint marketing approach under 
the banner of the 3 Banken Group. The three banks cooperate closely wherever there is synergy 
potential to be utilised, and their jointly held subsidiaries such as 3 Banken IT GmbH and 3 Banken-
Generali Investment-Gesellschaft all boast a particularly successful track record. This cooperation in 
no way interferes with the three banks’ market presences as autonomous banking institutions.

--- Page 340 ---
340 
Listing on the Vienna Stock Exchange 
By going public on 1 July 1986, Oberbank and its sister banks paved the way for the three banks to 
lastingly distance themselves from the influence of CA and continue with an independent strategy. 
Today, Oberbank’s shareholder structure includes, besides its two sister banks, UniCredit Bank 
Austria, Wüstenrot, Generali and the Oberbank employees. 
Oberbank today: "a regional bank at the heart of Europe" 
The freedom of establishment of banks introduced in the 1970s allowed Oberbank to extend its 
catchment area beyond its original heartlands of Upper Austria and Salzburg. Oberbank has been 
represented with separate branches in Lower Austria since 1985, in Vienna since 1988, in Germany 
since 1990, in the Czech Republic since 2004, in Hungary since 2007 and in Slovakia since 2009. 
6.3. SHARE CAPITAL 
The Issuer's share capital amounts to EUR 105,921,900 and is divided into 35,307,300 common no 
par value bearer shares. 
The Issuer's common no par value shares (ISIN AT0000625108) have been listed since 1986 on the 
Vienna Stock Exchange (Amtlicher Handel).  
6.4. ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 
The Issuer's objects are laid down in section 2 of its articles of association and read in particular as 
follows: 
§ 2 
(1) The object of the enterprise is the operation of banking and commercial transactions of all kinds 
both domestically and abroad as well as the management of real estate administrations. Subordinated 
capital may be issued. 
(2) The company is also entitled to provide services in automatic data processing. 
(3) For this purpose, the company shall be entitled to establish branches domestically and abroad and 
to participate in other enterprises. 
6.5. BORROWING AND FUNDING STRUCTURE 
There have been no material changes in the Issuer’s borrowing and funding structure since the 
Issuer’s last financial year. 
6.6. EXPECTED FINANCING OF THE ISSUER’S ACTIVITIES 
Oberbank’s funding and liquidity profile reflects a business model that primarily focuses on retail and 
corporate customer business primarily in Austria and the neighbouring countries Germany, the Czech 
Republic, Hungary and Slovakia. Accordingly, Oberbank’s main funding sources are customer 
deposits, debt securities in issue and funds from Oesterreichische Kontrollbank, Kreditanstalt für 
Wiederaufbau and LfA Förderbank Bayern and the use of targeted longer-term refinancing operations 
(TLTRO). 
6.7. ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE 
Oberbank Group 
As the parent company of the Oberbank Group, the Issuer has a multitude of direct and indirect 
holdings in companies with registered offices in Austria and abroad. A list of holdings indicating the 
type and amount of the Issuer’s holdings as per 31 December 2019 can be found in Oberbank's 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2019. The Issuer is not dependent upon any entities within 
the Oberbank Group.

--- Page 341 ---
341 
3 Banken Group 
The Issuer is part of the 3 Banken Group. 3 Banken Group is a group of independent regional banks 
which is composed of BKS Bank AG, Bank fuer Tirol und Vorarlberg Aktiengesellschaft (BTV) and 
Oberbank AG. This group does not constitute a group of companies (Konzern) pursuant to § 15 of the 
Austrian Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz – "AktG") nor a credit institution group 
(Kreditinstitutsgruppe) pursuant to § 30 BWG nor a credit institution association (Kreditinstitute-
Verbund) pursuant to § 30a BWG. 
All three banks (BKS, BTV and Oberbank) operate independently in their core regions, which in the 
meantime extend beyond Austria's borders. The members of 3 Banken Group share the determination 
to maintain their independence, customer-proximity, market know how in the regions and the 
commitment of their employees. 
The 3 Banken Group exploits the synergies created by the shared companies, such as the 3 Banken 
IT GmbH (IT), the 3 Banken Versicherungsmakler Gesellschaft m.b.H. (insurance), the 3-Banken-
Generali Investment-Gesellschaft m.b.H. (investment funds), the 3-Banken Wohnbaubank AG and the 
Alpenländische Garantie-Gesellschaft m.b.H., which should safeguard their members against loan 
loss risks. 
6.8. BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Principal activities 
Oberbank is a regional bank with the business model of a universal bank. As a universal bank, the 
Issuer offers all the typical banking services of a full-service bank. The Issuer’s purpose of business is 
the performance of banking transactions of all kinds and transactions related to them with the goal of 
offering customers comprehensive financial services. In the area of leasing, investment funds and 
insurance transactions, private equity financing as well as brokerage of building loan agreements 
(Bausparverträge) and provision of real-estate services, Oberbank utilizes its own subsidiaries or 
affiliates as well as the cooperation partners Generali Versicherung AG and Bausparkasse Wüstenrot 
AG. 
Medium-sized and major companies as well as private clients are the focus of the Issuer’s customer 
business. 
The Issuer is licensed to perform all banking transactions pursuant to § 1 BWG with the exception of 
building loan transactions (Bauspargeschäft), investment transactions, real-estate investment fund 
transactions, participation fund transactions and the severance, retirement fund business and the 
exchange office business. 
By decree of the FMA dated 21 October 2002, the scope of Oberbank’s banking license is as follows:  
§ 1 (1) no 1 BWG 
The acceptance of funds from other parties for the purpose of 
administration or as deposits (deposit business) 
§ 1 (1) no 2 BWG 
The provision of non-cash payment transactions, clearing services 
and current-account services for other parties (current account 
business) 
§ 1 (1) no 3 BWG 
The conclusion of money-lending agreements and the extension of 
monetary loans (lending business) 
§ 1 (1) no 4 BWG 
The purchase of cheques and bills of exchange, and in particular 
the discounting of bills of exchange (discounting business); 
§ 1 (1) no 5 BWG 
The safekeeping and administration of securities for other parties 
(custody business); 
§ 1 (1) no 6 BWG 
The issuance and administration of payment instruments such as 
credit cards and traveller's cheques 
§ 1 (1) no 7 BWG 
Trading for one's own account or on behalf of others in: 
 
a) 
Foreign means of payment (foreign exchange and foreign 
currency business) 
 
b) 
Money-market instruments

--- Page 342 ---
342 
 
c) 
Financial futures contracts, including equivalent instruments 
settled in cash as well as call and put options on the 
instruments listed in lit. a and d to f, including equivalent 
instruments settled in cash (futures and options business) 
 
d) 
Interest-rate futures contracts, forward rate agreements 
(FRAs), interest-rate and currency swaps as well as equity 
swaps 
 
e) 
Transferable securities (securities business) 
 
f) 
Derivative instruments based on lit. b to e 
 
unless these instruments are traded for private assets; 
§ 1 (1) no 8 BWG 
The assumption of suretyships, guarantees and other forms of 
liability for other parties where the obligation assumed is monetary 
in nature (guarantee business); 
§ 1 (1) no 9 BWG 
The issuance of covered bank bonds as well as the investment of 
proceeds from such instruments in accordance with the applicable 
legal provisions (securities underwriting business); 
§ 1 (1) no 10 BWG 
The issuance of other fixed-income securities for the purpose of 
investing the proceeds in other banking transactions (miscellaneous 
securities underwriting business); 
§ 1 (1) no 11 BWG 
Participation in underwriting third-party issues of one or more of the 
instruments listed under no. 7 lit. b) to f) as well as related services 
(third-party securities underwriting business); 
§ 1 (1) no 15 BWG 
The business of financing through the acquisition and resale of 
equity shares (capital financing business); 
§ 1 (1) no 16 BWG 
The purchase of trade receivables, assumption of the risk of non-
payment associated with such receivables – with the exception of 
credit insurance – and the related collection of trade receivables 
(factoring business); 
§ 1 (1) no 17 BWG 
The conduct of money brokering transactions on the interbank 
market; 
§ 1 (1) no 18 BWG 
The brokering of transactions as specified in 
 
a) 
no. 1, except for transactions conducted by contract insurance 
undertakings; 
 
b) 
no. 3, except for the brokering of mortgage loans and personal 
loans by real estate agents, personal loan and mortgage loan 
brokers, and investment advisors; 
 
c) 
no. 7 lit. a) where this applies to foreign exchange 
transactions; 
 
d) 
no. 8. 
By decree of 1 December 2008 the FMA granted Oberbank the banking license pursuant to § 1 (1) no 
7a BWG for trading in financial instruments pursuant to § 1 (1) no 6 lit. e to g and j WAG 2007, for the 
credit institution's own account or on behalf of others, except in the case of trading conducted by 
persons pursuant to § 2 (1) nos. 11 and 13 WAG 2007. 
The Issuer structures its services and products in accordance with current statutory provisions and 
market conditions. For that reason there are constantly legally mandated and market adjustments in 
these areas. 
Principal Markets 
The Issuer’s catchment area is limited geographically because of its regional character. The allocation 
of business according to geographical features has therefore been omitted as this is of minor 
importance.

--- Page 343 ---
343 
As at 31 December 2020, in addition to the (main office) head quarter in Linz, Oberbank had 176 
branches in Upper Austria, Salzburg, Styria, Lower Austria, Burgenland, Vienna, Germany, the Czech 
Republic, Hungary and Slovakia. Of these, 97 are located in Austria, 42 in Germany, 20 in the Czech 
Republic, 13 in Hungary and 4 in Slovakia. 
The federal states of Upper Austria and Salzburg are the Issuer’s core markets. The other markets are 
the states of Lower Austria and Vienna, as well as Germany, the Czech Republic, Hungary and 
Slovakia. The market in Slovakia still plays a subordinated role with regard to business volume 
(deposits and loans) and contribution to earnings. 
Trend Information 
Trends affecting, the Issuer and the financial sector, in which the Issuer is operating, are the difficult 
overall macroeconomic environment, which is currently characterized by decreasing growth rates, and 
a historic low level of interest rates and the continued tense situation on the financial and capital 
markets. The exceptional low level of interest rates may have a permanent impact on the general 
investment and savings behavior. These factors can have in combination with the imminent 
technological changes in the financial sector as a result of the ongoing digitalisation or on their own a 
negative impact on the business, the financial condition and the results of operation. 
Further regulatory changes or enforcement initiatives could affect the financial industry. New legal or 
regulatory requirements and changes in levels of adequate capitalisation, liquidity and leverage could 
lead to increased capital and liquidity requirements or standards. In addition, stricter jurisdictions and 
interpretations of the courts and administrative authorities may adversely affect the financial sector. 
Furthermore, the Issuer has not become aware of any trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments 
or events that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the Issuer's prospects at least in the 
current financial year. 
Material Recent Events 
Due to the events disclosed under "6.11 Significant and Material Adverse Changes" below, there have 
been recent events particular to the Issuer which are to a material extent relevant to the evaluation of 
the Issuer’s solvency. 
Other than that, there are no recent events particular to the Issuer which are to a material extent 
relevant to the evaluation of the Issuer’s solvency. 
Profit forecasts or Estimates 
The Issuer has decided not to include any profit forecasts or profit estimates in this Prospectus. 
6.9. CREDIT RATINGS 
On 5 May 2020 (issuer credit rating) and 3 April 2020 (mortgage cover pool rating), Standard & Poor's 
Global Ratings Europe Ltd. (Niederlassung Deutschland) ("Standard & Poor's") assigned the 
following credit ratings to the Issuer and its mortgage cover pool which are in force as of the date of 
this Prospectus: 
 
Credit Rating 
Outlook 
Long-term issuer credit rating 
A 
negative 
Short-term issuer credit rating 
A-1 
- 
Mortgage cover pool for Covered 
Bank Bonds 
AAA 
stable" 
According 
to 
the 
credit 
ratings 
definitions 
as 
published 
by 
Standard & Poor's 
("www .standardandpoors.com"), the above credit ratings have the following meanings: 
'AAA' — An obligation rated 'AAA' has the highest rating assigned by Standard & Poor's. The obligor's 
capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is extremely strong. 
'A' — An obligor rated 'A' has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more 
susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors 
in higher-rated categories. 
'A-1' — An obligor rated 'A-1' has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. It is rated in the 
highest category by Standard & Poor's.

--- Page 344 ---
344 
Note: The credit ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) 
sign to show relative standing within the major credit rating categories. 
'Outlook' — A Standard & Poor's credit rating outlook assesses the potential direction of a long-term 
credit rating over the intermediate term (typically six months to two years). In determining a credit 
rating outlook, consideration is given to any changes in the economic and/or fundamental business 
conditions. An outlook is not necessarily a precursor of a credit rating change or future CreditWatch 
action. Positive means that a credit rating may be raised, negative means that a credit rating may be 
lowered and stable means that a credit rating is not likely to change. 
More detailed information on the credit ratings can be retrieved on the Issuer's website 
("www .oberbank.at"). General information regarding the meaning of the credit rating and the 
qualifications which have to be observed in connection therewith can be found on the website of 
Standard & Poor's ("www .standardandpoors.com"). 
Standard & Poor's has its registered office at Bockenheimer Landstraße 2, 60306 Frankfurt am Main 
in Germany and is registered under the Regulation (EU) No 462/2013 as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation") 
as 
registered 
credit 
rating 
agency. 
ESMA 
publishes 
on 
its 
website 
("www .esma.europa.eu") a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. That list shall be updated within five working days following the adoption of a decision 
under Articles 16, 17 or 20 of the CRA Regulation. The European Commission publishes that updated 
list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following the updates. 
Other than that, any of the Issuer's securities have not been rated. The Final Terms will specify if 
credit ratings are assigned to individual issuances of Notes at the request or with the cooperation of 
the Issuer in the rating process. 
6.10. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Historical Financial Information 
The most recently audited financial information is dated 31 December 2019. 
The Issuer’s Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2019 and 2018 have been prepared in 
accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and the statutory banking and 
corporate provisions to be applied pursuant to § 59a BWG. Both were given an unqualified audit 
opinion and can be viewed on the Issuer’s website (www .oberbank.at) under the section "Oberbank 
AG" / "Investor Relations" / "Kennzahlen und Berichte" under the item "Geschäftsbericht / Oberbank 
Annual Report". 
Other than the mentioned Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2019 and 2018, no other 
information contained in this Prospectus has been audited by auditors. Where financial data in this 
Prospectus has not been extracted from the Issuer’s Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2019, 
this has been stated in this Prospectus at the relevant information. 
The Issuer’s Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2019 and 2018 are incorporated by reference 
into this Prospectus (see the section "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
Interim Financial Information  
The Issuer has published Unaudited Interim Financial Statements as of 30 September 2020, which are 
not audited and were not reviewed by an auditor and are incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus (see the section "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
6.11. SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGES 
The COVID-19 pandemic and the consequences for the economy affected the Oberbank Group's 
financial performance and position, including the devaluation of one of the Issuers most important 
investments (i.e. its participation in voestalpine AG) and further write-downs of financial assets. Due to 
these circumstances the earnings of the Issuer declined in the first three quarters of 2020. 
Furthermore, Oberbank expects reduced dividend payments from its participations (whose corona-
related distributions cannot be clearly quantified) as well as a possible corona-related increase in loan 
defaults in the near future.

--- Page 345 ---
345 
Compared to the beginning of the year 2020, the amount of the valuation allowance formed in the life 
business increases by approximately EUR 13.7 million40, whereby the effect from the adjustment of 
the probability of default due to the changed economic outlook amounts to EUR 6.9 million and the 
effect from the allocation from the most affected economic sectors by means of collective staging 
amounts to EUR 6.7 million. 
Other than that, there has been no significant change in the financial position and in the financial 
performance of the Oberbank Group since 30 September 2020 and no material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2019. 
 
40  
The value given is a rounded up figure, which results from the summation of the individual amounts given, which are 
also rounded up.

--- Page 346 ---
346 
7. MANAGEMENT BOARD AND SUPERVISORY BOARD 
7.1. MANAGEMENT BOARD 
The Issuer’s management board is composed of the following members together with an indication of 
the principal activities performed outside the Issuer: 
Name and activities for the Issuer 
Activities outside the Issuer 
Generaldirektor  
Dr. Franz Gasselsberger, MBA,  
born 12 April 1959 
chairman 
management 
board 
since 
1 May 2005 
Chairman of management board: 
- 
Hainzl Privatstiftung, Linz 
- 
MITTERBAUER Privatstiftung, Laakirchen 
Member of supervisory board: 
- 
BKS Bank AG, 9020 Klagenfurt 
- 
Bank für Tirol und Vorarlberg AG, 6020 Innsbruck 
- 
voestalpine AG, 4020 Linz 
- 
Lenzing AG, 4860 Lenzing 
Member of management board: 
- 
Vereinigung der Österreichischen Industrie  
- 
Verband österreichischer Banken und Bankiers  
- 
BWG – Österreichische Bankwissenschaftliche Gesellschaft 
- 
Industriellenvereinigung Oberösterreich (Upper Austria) 
- 
Wirtschaftsbund Oberösterreich (Upper Austria) 
- 
LIMAK Austrian Business School, 4020 Linz 
Dr. Josef Weißl, MBA, 
born 29 April 1959, 
member of management board since 1 
May 2005 
Member of management board: 
- 
Privatstiftung der Gemeinschaft der Freunde Wüstenrot, 5020 Salzburg 
Member of supervisory board:  
- 
Gasteiner Bergbahnen Aktiengesellschaft, 5630 Bad Hofgastein 
- 
BRP-Powertrain GmbH & Co.KG, 4623 Gunskirchen 
- 
 
Mag.Florian Hagenauer, MBA 
born 20 February 1963 
member of management board since 
1 December 2009 
Member of supervisory board: 
- 
3-Banken Wohnbaubank AG, 4020 Linz 
- 
Energie AG Oberösterreich, 4021 Linz 
- 
Wüstenrot Wohnungswirtschaft reg.Gen.m.b.H., 5020 Salzburg 
- 
VA Intertrading AG, 4020 Linz 
Seiter Martin, MBA 
born 27 April 1985 
member of the managent board since 
1 October 2020 
- 
All members of the management board can be reached at the Issuer’s seat at the Secretarial 
Department in Untere Donaulände 28, 4020 Linz, Austria.

--- Page 347 ---
347 
7.2. SUPERVISORY BOARD 
The Issuer’s supervisory board is composed of the following members together with an indication of 
the principal activities performed outside the Issuer: 
Name and activities for the Issuer 
Activities outside the Issuer 
Mag. Dr. Martin Zahlbruckner, 
born 24 April 1967, 
chairman of the supervisory board since 
25 
November 
2020, 
member 
of 
supervisory board since 18 May 2016, 
appointed until ordinary shareholders‘ 
meeting 2023 
Member of management board: 
- 
delfortgroup AG, 4050 Traun 
Managing director: 
- 
DELFOCO GmbH, 4050 Taun, 
- 
PFF Verwaltungs-GmbH, 4050 Traun 
- 
Delfort International GmbH, 4050 Traun 
- 
T.S.P. Sweden AB 
- 
Tervakoski Oy 
- 
Deldragron Limited 
- 
OP papirna, s.r.o. 
- 
Mountain Dragon International (H.K.) Limited 
- 
TSP U.K. Limited 
Member of supervisory board:  
- 
Wattenser gemeinnützige Whnungs-Verwaltungs-Gesellschaft m.b.H., 6112 
Wattens/Tirol 
Authorized representative: 
- 
DELTOS Management GmbH, 4020 Linz 
Kommerzialrat Dr.Ludwig Andorfer, 
born 22 April 1944, 
first vice chairman of the supervisory 
board since 18 May 2016, appointed 
until ordinary shareholders' meeting 
2021 
Member of management board: 
- 
August Weissenbäck Privatstiftung, 4046 Linz 
Gerhard Burtscher, 
born 26 October 1967, 
second vice chairman of the supervisory 
board since 18 May 2016, appointed 
until ordinary shareholders' meeting 
2021 
Member of management board: 
- 
Peter Gaugg BTV Marketing Trophy Privatstiftung, 6020 Innsbruck 
- 
Bank für Tirol und Vorarlberg Aktiengesellschaft, 6020 Innsbruck 
Member of supervisory board: 
- 
Silvretta Montafon GmbH, 6793 Gaschurn 
- 
BKS BANK AG, 9020 Klagenfurt 
- 
Moser Holding Aktiengesellschaft, 6020 Innsbruck 
Mag. Hannes Bogner 
born 20 June 1959, 
member of supervisory board since 20 
May 2020, appointed until ordinary 
shareholders‘ meeting 2022 
Member of supervisory board: 
- 
Niederösterreichische Versicherung AG, 3100 St. Pölten 
- 
PALFINGER AG, 5101 Bergheim bei Salzburg 
- 
BKS BANK AG, 9020 Klagegenfurt 
- 
Bank für Tirol und Vorarlberg Aktiengesellschaft, 6020 Innsbruck 
Mag. Dr. Stephan Koren 
since 15 May 2018 member of supervi-
sory board, 
born 14 December 1957, 
appointed until ordinary shareholders’ 
meeting 2024 
Member of management board: 
- 
Wüstenrot Wohnungswirtschaft registrierte Genossenschaft mit beschränkter 
Haftung, 5020 Salzburg 
Member of supervisory board:  
- 
BWA Beteiligungs- und Verwaltungs-Aktiengesellschaft, 5020 Salzburg 
- 
Bausparkasse Wüstenrot Aktiengesellschaft, 5020 Salzburg 
- 
Wüstenrot Versicherungs-Aktiengesellschaft, 5020 Salzburg 
- 
KA Finanz AG, 1090 Vienna 
Alfred Leu, 
Managing Director:

--- Page 348 ---
348 
Name and activities for the Issuer 
Activities outside the Issuer 
born 6 May 1958, 
member of supervisory board since 
18 May 2016, appointed until ordinary 
shareholders‘ meeting 2023 
- 
Generali Beteiligungsverwaltung GmbH, 1010 Vienna 
MMag. Dr. Barbara Leitl-Staudinger,  
born 10 June 1974, 
member of supervisory board since 
13 May 2014, appointed until ordinary 
shareholders‘ meeting 2022 
Member of management board: 
- 
Burgholzer Privatstiftung, 4470 Enns 
Shareholder: 
- 
Carex Beteiligungs GmbH, 4048 Puchenau 
Authorized representative: 
Baustoff Interhandel Gesellschaft m.b.H., 4040 Linz 
DI Franz Mitterbauer, MBA 
born 24 August 1975, 
member of supervisory board since 
20 May 2020, appointed until ordinary 
shareholders‘ meeting 2025 
Founder: 
- 
MITTERBAUER PRIVATSTIFTUNG 
Management director: 
- 
Miba Energy Holding GmbH, 4663 Laakirchen 
Member of management board:  
- 
MIBA AG, 4663 Laakirchen 
Member of supervisory board: 
- 
Miba Gleitlager Austria GmbH, 4663 Laakirchen 
- 
Miba Sinter Austria GmbH, 4663 Laakirchen 
MMag. Dr. Barbara Steger,  
born 20 December 1980, 
member of supervisory board since 
13 May 2014, appointed until ordinary 
shareholders‘ meeting 2022 
Founder: 
- 
NERIB Privatstiftung 
- 
BIREN Privatstiftung 
Management director: 
- 
Ludwig Engel GmbH & CoKG, 4311 Schwertberg 
- 
BAS Immobilien GmbH, 4311 Schwertberg 
- 
BE Immobilien GmbH, 4311 Schwertberg 
- 
EBL BeteiligungsGmbH, 4311 Schwertberg 
- 
EBS BeteiligungsGmbH, 4311 Schwertberg 
- 
Engel Gesellschaft m.b.H., 4311 Schwertberg 
- 
Engleder Beteiligungs GmbH, 4311 Schwertberg 
- 
Irene und Georg Schwarz Beteiligungs GmbH, 4311 Schwertberg 
- 
Irene und Georg Schwarz Holding GmbH, 4311 Schwertberg 
- 
Irene und Georg Schwarz Vermögensverwaltungs GmbH, 4311 Schwertberg 
- 
SBE Holding GmbH, 4311 Schwertberg 
- 
SBE Vermögensverwaltung GmbH, 4311 Schwertberg 
- 
Schwarz 
Verwaltungs- 
und 
Beteiligungsgesellschaft 
m.b.H.,  
4311 Schwertberg 
Member of supervisory board: 
- 
ENGEL AUSTRIA GmbH, 4311 Schwertberg 
 
- 
Engel Holding Gesellschaft m.b.H., 4311 Schwertberg 
Authorized representative: 
- 
TH Lindengasse Liegenschaftsbesitz GmbH, 1010 Vienna 
Shareholder: 
- 
BAS Immobilien GmbH, 4311 Schwertberg 
Mag. Dr. Herta Stockbauer, 
born 2 July 1960, 
member of the supervisory board since 
Member of management board: 
- 
BKS Bank AG, 9020 Klagenfurt

--- Page 349 ---
349 
Name and activities for the Issuer 
Activities outside the Issuer 
18 May 2016, appointed until ordinary 
shareholders' meeting 2024 
Member of supervisory board: 
- 
Bank für Tirol und Vorarlberg AG, 6020 Innsbruck 
- 
Einlagensicherung AUSTRIA Ges.m.b.H., 1010 Vienna 
- 
Oesterreichische Kontrollbank AG, 1010 Vienna 
Wolfgang Pischinger, 
born 13 December 1964, 
member 
of 
supervisory 
board, 
(employee representatives) 
Member of board: 
- 
OBK-Mitarbeiterbildungs- und Erholungsförderung registrierte Genossenschaft 
mit beschränkter Haftung, 4020 Linz 
- 
Belegschaftsbeteiligungsprivatstiftung der Oberbank AG, 4020 Linz 
- 
BOB Mitarbeiterbeteiligungsgenossenschaft e.Gen., 4020 Linz 
- 
GPA Privatstiftung, 1010 Wien 
- 
Bell Privatstiftung, 4020 Linz 
Managing director: 
- 
Betriebsobjekte Verwertung Gesellschaft m.b.H., 4020 Linz 
- 
OBK-Mitarbeiterbildungs- und Erholungsförderung registrierte Genossenschaft 
mit beschränkter Haftung, 4020 Linz 
- 
BOB Mitarbeiterbeteiligungsgenossenschaft e.Gen., 4020 Linz 
Susanne Braun, 
member of supervisory board, (em-
ployee representatives), 
born 18 July 1966 
 
Alexandra Grabner,  
born 29 January 1975, 
member 
of 
supervisory 
board, 
(employee representatives) 
Member of supervisory board: 
- 
VBV-Pensionskasse AG, 1020 Wien 
Elfriede Höchtel, 
born 27 July 1965, 
member 
of 
supervisory 
board, 
(employee representatives) 
- 
Sven Zeiss, 
member of supervisory board, (em-
ployee representatives), 
born 23 March 1969 
- 
All members of the supervisory board can be reached at the Issuer’s seat at the Secretariat 
Department in Untere Donaulände 28, 4020 Linz, Austria. 
7.3. REPRESENTATIVES OF SUPERVISORY AUTHORITIES 
The following persons are appointed as state commissioners (Staatskommissäre) pursuant to § 76 
BWG: 
- 
Mag. Angelika Schlögel MBA (state commissioner), appointed as of 1 August 2017; and 
- 
Mag. Jutta Raunig (deputy state commissioner), appointed as of 1 July 2017. 
7.4. POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST  
For all members of the Issuer’s management board it applies in general that their activities outside the 
Issuer could in individual cases result in potential conflicts of interest, with regard to the Issuer’s 
banking activities, if the Issuer has an active business relationship with the relevant companies. The 
Issuer is currently not aware of any such conflicts of interest. 
Already in 2006, the Issuer's supervisory board defined guidelines for determining their autonomy in 
terms of the Austrian Corporate Code of Governance, which may be viewed under www .oberbank.at.

--- Page 350 ---
350 
All members of the Issuer’s supervisory board have declared themselves to be independent in an 
individual statement.  
7.5. AUDIT AND AUDITORS' REPORTS 
The Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2019 and 2018 of Oberbank were audited by KPMG 
Austria GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungs- und Steuerberatungsgesellschaft, 4020 Linz, Kudlichstrasse 41 – 
43, signed by Mag. Martha Kloibmüller, certified auditor and tax consultant, and were issued with an 
unqualified auditors' opinion. 
KPMG Austria GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungs- und Steuerberatungsgesellschaft is a member of the 
Austrian Chamber of Professional Accountants and Tax Advisors. 
No auditors have been removed, reappointed or have resigned during the period covered by the 
historical financial information. 
7.6. PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDER 
Shareholder structure as at 31 December 2020: 
 
Shares in total capital 
(Common Share) 
Free float 
31.57%  
CABO Beteiligungsgesellschaft m.b.H., Vienna  
23.76%  
Bank für Tirol und Vorarlberg Aktiengesellschaft, 
Innsbruck 
(including 
BTV 
2000 
Beteiligungsverwaltungsgesellschaft m.b.H.)  
16.15%  
BKS Bank AG, Klagenfurt (including Sub-Syndicate 
with BVG*) 
14.79%  
Wüstenrot 
Wohnungswirtschaft 
reg. 
Ges.m.b.H., 
Salzburg  
4.50%  
Employee participation  
4.20%  
Uni Credit Bank Austria AG, Vienna 
3,41% 
Generali 3 Banken Holding AG, Vienna  
1.62%  
* Beteiligungsverwaltung Gesellschaft m.b.H (“BVG”) 
holds 0.58% of Oberbank. 
 
(Source: Issuer’s own calculations) 
There 
have 
been 
no 
significant 
changes 
to 
the 
Issuer’s 
shareholder 
structure 
since 
31 December 2020. 
The independence of Oberbank is primarily based on its shareholder structure. No single shareholder 
is capable of controlling the Issuer either directly or indirectly. The largest individual shareholder of 
Oberbank is CABO Beteiligungsgesellschaft m.b.H., a 100% subsidiary of UniCredit Bank Austria AG. 
Another important element of the stable shareholder structure is the employee participation in the 
Issuer. As part of an employee share participation scheme, the employees took advantage of the 
opportunity to buy common shares in 2020. In addition, Oberbank made use of the legal possibility of 
allocating shares to employees free of charge and tax-privileged via an employee participation 
foundation. The free float in Oberbank is held by both corporate companies and private shareholders. 
BKS Bank AG (inclusive Beteiligungsverwaltung Gesellschaft m.b.H.) holds a stake of 14.79% of the 
share capital of the Issuer.  Bank für Tirol und Vorarlberg Aktiengesellschaft (inclusive BTV 2000 
Beteiligungsverwaltunggesellschaft m.b.H) holds a stake of 16.15% in the share capital of the Issuer. 
Wüstenrot Wohnungswirtschaft reg.Gen.mb.H. holds a stake of 4.50% of the share capital of the 
Issuer. These three core shareholders have concluded a syndicate agreement and hold together with 
Beteiligungsverwaltung Gesellschaft m.b.H. 35.44% of the common shares in the Issuer. The 
shareholder Beteiligungsverwaltung Gesellschaft m.b.H. has committed itself by a subordination 
syndicate agreement effective 7 November 2020, to exercise its voting rights representing 0.58 % of 
the share capital of the Issuer at the General Meeting of Oberbank only according to the voting 
instructions of BKS Bank AG. Stock syndication strengthens the Issuer’s autonomy and bundles the

--- Page 351 ---
351 
interests of the syndicated partners with regard to cooperation and sales partnerships. The syndication 
agreement essentially includes provisions concerning the joint exercising of voting rights in the 
Issuer’s shareholders’ meeting as well as mutual pre-emption rights of the syndicate partners. Beyond 
said syndication agreements the Issuer is also not aware of any agreements that, if exercised at a 
later date, could lead to a change in control of the Issuer. Measures for preventing the abuse of control 
are not necessary in the view of the Issuer’s management. Shareholders’ rights may be exercised 
pursuant to Austrian company law and in particular pursuant to the AktG.

--- Page 352 ---
352 
8. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
Safe for the below, the Issuer is not aware of any governmental, legal, or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during 
the previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the 
Issuer and/or Group’s financial position or profitability.  
Actions brought by UniCredit and CABO against Oberbank, BKS and BTV 
UCBA and its wholly owned subsidiary CABO, as direct and indirect minority shareholders of BKS, 
have applied for a special audit for the Annual General Meeting of BKS and for a special audit for the 
Annual General Meeting of BTV. The motions call for a review of the lawfulness of BKS' capital 
increases since 1994 and BTV's capital increases since 1993. The special audits are intended to 
clarify whether, due to the reciprocal shareholdings of BKS, BTV and Oberbank (together, the 
"3 Banken Group"), reciprocal participation in the respective capital increases had been permissible 
in the past and complied with the requirement of real capital raising. 
At BKS' Annual General Meeting on 8 May 2019, the application for a special audit was rejected by 
the majority of the shareholders. On 6 June 2019, UCBA and CABO filed a lawsuit against BKS to 
contest resolutions of the Annual General Meeting pursuant to Sections 195 et seq. AktG. The actions 
contest the discharge of the members of the management board and the discharge of individual 
members of the supervisory board as well as the refusal to carry out a special audit. 
At the Annual General Meeting of BTV on 16 May 2019, the application for a special audit was 
rejected by a majority of shareholders. On 6 June 2019, UCBA and CABO filed a lawsuit against BTV 
to contest resolutions of the Annual General Meeting pursuant to Sections 195 et seq. AktG. The 
actions contest the discharge of the members of the management board and the discharge of 
individual members of the supervisory board as well as the refusal to carry out a special audit. 
In support of their claim, UCBA and CABO asserted that the syndicate of the core shareholders of 
BTV, consisting of BKS, Oberbank, Generali 3Banken Holding AG ("G3B") and Wüstenrot 
Wohnungswirtschaft reg. Gen. m.b.H., had in the past violated the takeover bid offer obligation. In 
summary, according to the claimants, the reason lies in the fact that OBK-Mitarbeiterbildungs- und 
Erholungsförderung reg. Gen. m.b.H. as a shareholder of G3B is not independent of the shareholder 
Oberbank. With its decision of 9 January 2020, the regional court Innsbruck (Landesgericht Innsbruck) 
interrupted the proceedings to obtain a declaratory decision of the Austrian Takeover Commission 
(Übernahmekommission) pursuant to Section 29 (2) of the Austrian Takeover Act. 
In addition to their law suit for annulment of the resolutions on the rejection of the submitted special 
audit requests, UCBA and CABO filed requests with the regional courts in Klagenfurt and Innsbruck 
(Landesgericht Klagenfurt and Landesgericht Innsbruck) that the courts shall appoint a special auditor 
for BKS and for BTV for the rejected special audit requests. These requests were rejected by the 
regional courts. The competent courts of appeal dismissed the appeals of UCBA and CABO. Since the 
Supreme Court (Oberster Gerichtshof) also rejected the appeals of UCBA and CABO, these decisions 
meanwhile have become final and binding. 
UCBA and CABO filed an action for rescission against Oberbank AG on 6 June 2019. The action 
seeks the annulment of the resolution adopted at the Annual General Meeting on 14 May 2019 under 
item 5.1 of the agenda to reduce the number of members of the supervisory board by one member 
from twelve to eleven (not including the members delegated pursuant to Section 110 of the Labour 
Constitution Act (Arbeitsverfassungsgesetz, "ArbVG") and furthermore it seeks the judicial declaration 
that the Annual General Meeting has adopted the resolution that Dr. Jürgen Kullnigg who is currently 
member of the managing board of UCBA will be declared elected as a member of the Supervisory 
Board for the third position (last position) for the maximum duration according to the stipulations in the 
Articles of Association in accordance with Section 87 (4) AktG. On 24 September 2020, the Higher 
Regional Court Linz (Oberlandesgericht Linz) decided that the reduction of the number of members of 
the supervisory board was not justified but nonetheless that Dr. Jürgen Kullnigg (UCBA) was not 
elected as a member of the supervisory board. Only the latter part of the decision became legally 
binding, the first part – the reduction – has been transferred to the Supreme Court (Oberster 
Gerichtshof). 
On 4 February 2020, an Extraordinary General Meeting of Oberbank was held at the request of UCBA 
and CABO, at which was requested to initiate a special audit in line with Section 130 AktG and to

--- Page 353 ---
353 
terminate the arbitration proceedings between Oberbank and G3B (see below). Both motions were 
rejected by a majority of shareholders. 
On 25 February 2020, UCBA and CABO submitted an application for review to the Austrian Takeover 
Comission (Übernahmekomission). On 2 March 2020 the Austrian Takeover Commission 
(Übernahmekommission) initiated the review proceedings pursuant to Section 33 of the Austrian 
Takeover Act regarding the Issuer, BKS and BTV. The subject of the review proceedings is the 
preliminary question regarding the ongoing proceedings as to whether there has been a violation of 
the obligation to make an offer, in particular pursuant to Section 22a(3) or Section 22(4) of the Austrian 
Takeover Act. Given the links between the members of the 3 Banken Group, a breach of the offer 
obligation by one of the three banks may also have an impact on the other two banks. If a breach of 
the obligation to make an offer is established, the voting rights of the aforementioned entities arising 
from the shares in the Issuer or the voting rights of the Issuer in the shares of the two other banks are 
suspended until a mandatory offer in accordance with the Takeover Act is made for the acquisition of 
all the shares in the Issuer from the aforementioned entities or the Issuer, or the suspension of voting 
rights is lifted by the Takeover Commission. On 28 September 2020, 29 September 2020 and 
1 October 2020, a trial before the Takeover Commission took place. The hearing was closed on 
1 October 2020. The decision of the Takeover Commission is still pending. 
On 3 March 2020, UCBA and CABO challenged all shareholder resolutions which were rejected (i.e. 
the requests to initiate a special audit of all capital increases since 1989 and to terminate the 
arbitration proceedings between Oberbank and G3B) and adopted (i.e. the resolution to reduce the 
number of capital representatives of the Supervisory Board of Oberbank from 11 to 10, as 
recommended by the Austrian Corporate Governance Code) at the Extraordinary General Meeting of 
Oberbank by the shareholders at the regional court Linz (Landesgericht Linz). 
With its decision of 29 May 2020, the regional court Linz (Landesgericht Linz) interrupted the 
proceedings in order to obtain a declaratory decision of the Austrian Takeover Commission 
(Übernahmekommission) on takeover-relevant preliminary questions raised by UCBA and CABO 
pursuant to Section 29 (2) of the Austrian Takeover Act. Since the decision of the Takeover 
Commission is still pending, the interruption is still in force. 
At the Annual General Meetings 2020 of Oberbank (20 May 2020), BKS (29 May 2020) and BTV (10 
June 2020), UCBA and CABO again filed several special audit requests, which were all rejected by the 
majority of the shareholders. Subsequently, UCBA and CABO again filed actions for annulment 
against Oberbank (7 July 2020), BKS (13 July 2020) and BTV (13 July 2020), in particular against the 
discharge resolutions and the rejection of the submitted special audit requests. The regional courts 
Linz and Klagenfurt (Landesgericht Linz und Landesgericht Klagenfurt) interrupted the proceedings to 
obtain a declaratory decision of the Austrian Takeover Commission (Übernahmekommission) on 
takeover-relevant preliminary questions raised by UCBA and CABO pursuant to Section 29 (2) of the 
Austrian Takeover Act. Since the decision of the Takeover Commission is still pending, the 
interruptions are still in force. 
After the requests for a special audit at the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Issuer on 4 February 
2020 and the Ordinary General Meeting of the Issuer on 20 May 2020 were rejected, UCBA and 
CABO filed an application for the appointment of a special auditor for Oberbank pursuant to Section 
130 (2) AktG by a court. The regional court of Linz (Landesgericht Linz) rejected this request in one 
part and interrupted the proceedings in the other part until a decision on the action of UCBA and 
CABO for annulment of the resolutions, made in the Annual General Meeting of 20 May 2020 (see 
above), has become final and binding. Since UCBA and CABO may file an appeal, this decision has 
not yet become final and binding. 
In view of the links between the members of the 3 Banken Group, a success of any special audit of 
one of the three institutions would also have an impact on the other two institutions. 
In the Issuer's view, the arguments put forward by UCBA and CABO are without legal substance. The 
reciprocal stakes held by the members of the 3 Banken Group have, for 35 years now, been among 
the frequently reviewed and analysed ownership and shareholder structures in Austria. Over the 
course of many years, legal experts have examined them and confirmed that they do not give rise to 
any objections. The most recent such analysis was carried out within the scope of Basel III 
implementation. 
However, it cannot be excluded that UCBA and/or CABO will succeed with any such motions for 
special audits for annual general meetings of members of the 3 Banken Group and/or possibly

--- Page 354 ---
354 
following similar proceedings any of which could have significant effects on the Issuer and/or Group's 
financial position or profitability. 
Arbitration proceedings between the Issuer and G3B 
Since 23 July 2019, an arbitration proceeding was in progress between the Issuer and G3B in order to 
clarify whether the deposits made by G3B to the Oberbank in April 2019 were indeed necessary to 
settle any potential outstanding capital contributions of G3B or can be reclaimed. The proceeding 
resulted in the arbitral award of 22 February 2020 which confirmed that there were no outstanding 
capital contributions of G3B so that G3B is entitled to reclaim the payments made in April 2019. Upon 
the Supreme Court’s (Oberster Gerichtshof) confirmation of the correctness of this arbitral award, it 
was duly fulfilled by the Issuer.

--- Page 355 ---
355 
9. MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
According to estimates by the Issuer’s management board, the Issuer has concluded the following 
agreements that are material to its business activities: 
The ALPENLÄNDISCHE GARANTIE-GESELLSCHAFT m.b.H., Linz, ("ALGAR") was founded as a 
credit institution in 1983 and is a joint subsidiary of the 3-Bank Group. The purpose of business of 
ALGAR is non-profit oriented and serves to secure large credit exposures of the three shareholder 
banks by assuming guarantees, suretyships and other liabilities for credits and loans. The Issuer holds 
50% of the nominal capital, which is EUR 8,000,000.00, and Bank für Tirol und Vorarlberg 
Aktiengesellschaft, Innsbruck and BKS Bank AG each hold 25%. ALGAR was proportionally included 
in the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 2018 and the Audited Consolidated Financial 
Statements 2019. 
The 3 Banken IT GmbH (formerly DREI-BANKEN-EDV Gesellschaft m.b.H.) was incorporated in 1992 
as a subsidiary of Oberbank, Bank für Tirol und Vorarlberg Aktiengesellschaft and BKS Bank AG for 
the joint operation of the operating data processing centre and the development of IT applications. In a 
significant reorganization measure in 2006, the processes of preparing and maintaining IT applications 
were optimized and the tasks of 3 Banken IT GmbH were expanded to include the operation and 
maintenance of all IT applications and the responsibility for standards, methods and IT security. The 
Issuer holds 40% of the shares in 3 Banken IT GmbH. 
Oberbank agrees to annual sales targets with Bausparkasse Wüstenrot AG for building loan 
agreements (Bausparverträge) and building society financing (Bausparfinanzierungen) in individual 
units. This target agreement is concluded each year in the fourth quarter for the following year. The 
Issuer holds 2.46% of the shares in Bausparkasse Wüstenrot AG indirectly through BWA Beteiligungs- 
und Verwaltungs-Aktiengesellschaft. 
The Issuer agrees with Generali Versicherung AG sales targets for life insurance policies, accident 
insurance policies and for the recommender model on an annual basis. Life and accident insurance 
policies are advised and sold by sales employees of the Issuer. Furthermore, the Issuer refers 
prospective customers for property, motor and health insurance policies to the customer advisors of 
Generali Versicherung AG within the framework of the recommender model. 
Please refer to the section "Principal Shareholders" for information on the syndication agreement 
among the Issuer’s shareholders. 
Aside from the above there are no material contracts that were entered into outside the ordinary 
course of the Issuer’s business, which could result in any group member being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to its shareholders or the 
Holders.

--- Page 356 ---
356 
10. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
General 
The following selling restrictions may be modified by the Issuer following a change in a relevant law, 
regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of this Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. Except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, the Notes may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") or pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Notes will not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of the Notes of the Tranche of which 
such Notes are a part, an offer or sale of the Notes within the United States may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered or sold in the United 
States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meaning given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder. 
European Economic Area 
In relation to each member state of the EEA (each a "Relevant State") the Issuer has not made and 
will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it 
may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made 
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a "Non-
Exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which 
has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, 
approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant 
State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final terms 
contemplating such Non-Exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the 
period beginning and ending on the dates specified in this Prospectus or final terms, as 
applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-Exempt 
Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant dealer or 
dealers offering the Notes in the Relevant State nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation

--- Page 357 ---
357 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended. The Issuer may include further selling restrictions in the relevant Final 
Terms issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Prospectus. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA (other than Austrian and German) Retail Investors 
Any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision:  
a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
i. 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
ii. 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended (Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
iii. 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and  
b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For the purposes of 
this provision: 
a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
i. 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
ii. 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
iii. 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Any offeror of Notes will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of the 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer, and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to the Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.

--- Page 358 ---
358 
11. 
GLOSSARY AND LIST OF ABBREVIATIONS 
For ease of reference, the glossary below sets out certain abbreviations and meanings of certain 
terms used in this Prospectus. Readers of this Prospectus should always have regard to the full 
description of a term contained in this Prospectus. 
ALGAR 
ALPENLÄNDISCHE GARANTIE-GESELLSCHAFT m.b.H. 
AT 1 
own funds pursuant to Article 51 CRR (Additional Tier 1) 
Audited Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
2019 
the German language version of the audited consolidated financial 
statements of Oberbank AG for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 
Audited Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
2018 
the German language version of the audited consolidated financial 
statements of Oberbank AG for the financial year ended 31 December 2018 
Austrian Market 
the Official Market (Amtlicher Handel) of the Vienna Stock Exchange 
(Wiener Börse) 
BaSAG 
Austrian Recovery and Resolution Act (Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgesetz 
– BaSAG) 
BCBS 
Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
Benchmark 
Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and 
amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 
596/2014, as amended 
BKS 
the BKS Bank AG 
BRRD 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms and amending Council Directive 
82/891/EEC, and Directives 2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 
2005/56/EC, 2007/36/EC, 2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU, and 
Regulations (EU) No 1093/2010 and (EU) No 648/2012, of the European 
Parliament and of the Council, as amended (Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive - BRRD) 
BTV 
the Bank für Tirol und Vorarlberg Aktiengesellschaft 
BWG 
Austrian Banking Act, as amended (Bankwesengesetz - BWG) 
CET 1 
own funds pursuant to Article 26 CRR (Common Equity Tier 1) 
COVID-19 
the corona virus SARS-CoV-2 
CRA Regulation 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of Council 
of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (Credit Rating 
Agency Regulation) 
CRD IV 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending 
Directive 2002/87/EC 
and 
repealing 
Directives 2006/48/EC 
and 
2006/49/EC, as amended (Capital Requirements Directive IV – CRD IV) 
CRR 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions 
and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as 
amended (Capital Requirements Regulation – CRR) 
EEA 
European Economic Area 
ESA 
Einlagensicherung AUSTRIA Ges.m.b.H.

--- Page 359 ---
359 
ESAEG 
Austrian Deposit Guarantee and Investor Protection Act, as amended 
(Einlagensicherungs- und Anlegerentschädigungsgesetz – ESAEG) 
EU Banking Package 
a legislative package for amendments of EU legal acts regarding the 
Banking Union published on 7 June 2019 
EUR 
Euro 
EURIBOR 
Euro Inter-bank Offered Rate  
EUWA 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
FBSchVG 
Austrian Act on Covered Bank Bonds, as amended (Gesetz betreffend 
fundierte Bankschuldverschreibungen – FBSchVG) 
Final Terms 
final terms setting forth the applicable terms and conditions for Notes issued 
under this Prospectus, a form of which is included in this Prospectus 
FMA 
Austrian Financial Market Authority (Finanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde - FMA) 
FSMA 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
Group 
Oberbank Group 
HICP 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (excluding Tobacco) for the 
Eurozone 
Holder 
Holder of the Notes 
Issuer 
Oberbank AG, Untere Donaulände 28, 4020 Linz, Austria 
Markets 
the Official Market (Amtlicher Handel) of the Vienna Stock Exchange, the 
Vienna MTF of the Vienna Stock Exchange which is a multilateral trading 
facility (MTF) and any regulated market in Germany 
MiFID II 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending 
Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (recast), as amended 
(Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II - MiFID II)  
MREL 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
Non-Exempt Offer 
an offer of Notes other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation 
Notes 
notes in bearer form issued under the Programme 
Oberbank 
Oberbank AG, Untere Donaulände 28, 4020 Linz, Austria 
Oberbank Group 
consists of Oberbank AG and its subsidiaries 
OeKB CSD 
OeKB CSD GmbH, Strauchgasse 1-3, A-1010 Vienna, Austria 
PRIIPs Regulation 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged 
retail and insurance-based investment products, as amended (Packaged 
Retail and Insurance-based Investment Products Regulation – PRIIPs 
Regulation) 
Programme 
the Programme of Oberbank for the issuance of Notes which is established 
by this Prospectus 
Prospectus 
this Prospectus 
Prospectus 
Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and 
regarding Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended 
Securities Act 
United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
SREP 
Supervisory Review and Evaluation Processes 
SRF 
Single Resolution Fund

--- Page 360 ---
360 
SRM 
Single Resolution Mechanism 
SRMR 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure 
for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the 
framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund 
and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended (Single 
Resolution Mechanism Regulation – SRM Regulation) 
SSM 
Single Supervisory Mechanism 
Standard & Poor's 
Standard & Poor’s Credit Market Services Europe Ltd. (Niederlassung 
Deutschland) 
Terms and Conditions the terms and conditions of the Notes which are set out on pages 34 et 
seqq. of this Prospectus 
UK 
United Kingdom 
UK PRIIPs Regulation the Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA 
Vienna MTF 
the multilateral trading facility (MTF) of the Vienna Stock Exchange 
Unaudited Interim 
Financial Statements 
as of 30 September 
2020 
the English language translation of the unaudited interim financial 
statements 
of 
Oberbank 
for 
the 
third 
quarter 
year 
ended 
30 September 2020 
WAG 2018 
Austrian Securities Supervision Act 2018 (Wertpapieraufsichtsgesetz 2018 
– WAG 2018) 
 
Signaturwert
j2YZKGIEzQQSKD9tF+YksIWHnVOk1FSXPi1/Zbq9Qt3kIAYMk9UzuJiU9DErnw76DSOx9kPPmiqPjC+VLZol
IW2fhDqOwOx5qJ0eFCyOMHP60AaULWKAz0CaDVAiIRkR4cR+fqkUJMsK8syJoXNYGtBwQa71cHxzQYaKDG5O
r6TDrohQ7H8He4CDbtFKU9wh/M48rLy95ZxlrTXpsvfVIE+ATVwKvV//T4b1xD8MRvxMHpVbBmyUfYwDFPlY
dXlkpHJtu1L9IbLBxBaohdMG/Rb+zpO2f49t3tQpXsQNrit6OkH6Zf+LNbJJm+65uGwrypQv7QXnInaP7PTv
aLiy0w==                                              
Unterzeichner
Österreichische Finanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde                        
                                                             
Datum/Zeit-UTC
2021-02-12T06:47:57Z                                               
   
Aussteller-Zertifikat
CN=a-sign-corporate-light-02,OU=a-sign-corporate-light-02,O=A-     
Trust Ges. f. Sicherheitssysteme im elektr. Datenverkehr GmbH,C=AT 
                
Serien-Nr.
532114608                                                          
   
Methode
urn:pdfsigfilter:bka.gv.at:binaer:v1.1.0
Prüfinformation
Informationen zur Prüfung des elektronischen Siegels bzw. der elektronischen
Signatur finden Sie unter:
http://www.signaturpruefung.gv.at 
Hinweis
Dieses Dokument wurde amtssigniert. Auch ein Ausdruck dieses Dokuments hat gemäß §
20 E-Government-Gesetz die Beweiskraft einer öffentlichen Urkunde.