--- Page 1 ---
Prospectus dated 30 March 2022 
 
 
Oldenburgische Landesbank Aktiengesellschaft  
(Oldenburg, Federal Republic of Germany) 
EUR 1,500,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier of the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg (the "CSSF") in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) No 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). The Issuer has requested the CSSF to provide the competent authority in the Federal 
Republic of Germany with a certificate of approval attesting that the Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation ("Notification"). The Issuer may request the CSSF to provide 
competent authorities in additional host member states within the European Economic Area with a 
Notification. 
The CSSF has only approved this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of any Instruments that are the subject of this Prospectus. Neither 
does the CSSF give any undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the transactions under 
the Programme and the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of article 6(4) of the 
Luxembourg prospectus law of 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs 
mobilières). Prospective investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in 
any Instruments. 
Application has been made for the Notes and the Pfandbriefe (Notes and Pfandbriefe together, the 
"Instruments") to be issued under the EUR 1,500,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme (the "Programme") 
as described in this Prospectus to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to 
be admitted to trading on its regulated market (the "Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange"), which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 (as amended, "MiFID II"). Instruments issued under the 
Programme may also be listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange or the Hamburg Stock Exchange or may 
not be listed at all. 
This document constitutes two base prospectuses for the purpose of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus 
Regulation: (i) the base prospectus of Oldenburgische Landesbank Aktiengesellschaft in respect of non-
equity securities within the meaning of Article 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation and (ii) the base prospectus 
of Oldenburgische Landesbank Aktiengesellschaft in respect of Pfandbriefe (together, the "Prospectus"). 
The date of this Prospectus is 30 March 2022.

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Oldenburgische Landesbank Aktiengesellschaft ("OLB AG", "Bank" or the "Issuer" and, together with its 
subsidiaries, "OLB" or the "OLB Group"), with its registered offices in Oldenburg and its headquarters at 
Stau 15/17, 26122 Oldenburg, Federal Republic of Germany, is solely responsible for the information given 
in this Prospectus. 
The Issuer hereby declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the 
information contained in this Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and 
contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
NOTICE 
This Prospectus should be read and construed with any supplement thereto and with any other documents 
incorporated by reference and, in relation to any Series of Instruments, together with the relevant final terms 
(the "Final Terms"). Full information on the Issuer and any tranche of Instruments is only available on the 
basis of the Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, the content of websites 
this Prospectus refers to in hyperlinks does not form part of the Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the CSSF. 
No person has been authorized by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation which 
is not contained in or not consistent with this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorized by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the dealers to be appointed (the "Dealers"). 
This Prospectus is valid until its expiration on 30 March 2023 and any supplement hereto as well as any 
Final Terms reflect the status as of their respective dates of issue. There is no obligation to supplement this 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies when this 
Prospectus is no longer valid. The offering, sale or delivery of any Instruments may not be taken as an 
implication that the information contained in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their 
respective dates of issue or that there has been no adverse change in the financial condition of the Issuer 
since such date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is accurate at any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
The Issuer undertakes with the Dealers to amend or supplement this Prospectus by a supplement to it or to 
publish a new Prospectus if and when the information herein should become materially inaccurate or 
incomplete, or in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to the information included in this Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the 
Instruments and which arises or is noted between the time when this Prospectus has been approved and 
when trading of any tranche of Instruments on a regulated market begins, in respect of Instruments issued 
on the basis of this Prospectus.  
In the case of an offer by a Dealer, the Dealer must inform potential investors of the terms and conditions 
of the Instruments at the time of the offer. 
No Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Prospectus, excluding the Issuer, accepts any 
responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in this Prospectus or any 
supplement hereof, or any other document incorporated by reference nor for the information contained in 
any Final Terms. 
The language of this Prospectus is English. Any part of this Prospectus in the German language constitutes 
a translation. In respect of the issue of any Tranche of Instruments under the Programme, the German text 
of the Conditions may be controlling and binding if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Instruments in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required to inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. For 
a description of the restrictions applicable in the European Economic Area, the United States of America, 
the United Kingdom and Japan see "Selling Restrictions". In particular, the Instruments have not been and 
will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States of America and are subject to the

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
 
 
tax law requirements of the United States of America; subject to certain exceptions, Instruments may not 
be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons. 
Interest amounts payable under the Instruments may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate ("Euribor"), which is currently provided by European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI") 
which is deemed a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the 
"Benchmark Regulation"). As at the date of this Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (the "Benchmarks Register"), 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether EMMI or the administrator of a successor reference rate to 
Euribor appear in the Benchmarks Register as of the date of such Final Terms, if relevant. 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Instruments include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
European Economic Area Retail Investors", the Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "IDD"), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Instruments or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specify "Prohibition of Sales to European 
Economic Area Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", except to the extent subparagraph (ii) below may 
apply, any offer of Instruments in any Member State of the EEA (each, a "Relevant Member State") will 
be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of Instruments. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that 
Relevant Member State of Instruments which are the subject of an offering/placement contemplated in this 
Prospectus as completed by Final Terms or a drawdown prospectus in relation to the offer of those 
Instruments may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, or (ii) if a 
prospectus for such offer has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member State or, 
where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in 
that Relevant Member State and (in either case) published, all in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by Final Terms which 
specify or is a drawdown prospectus which specifies that offers may be made other than pursuant to 
Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant Member State and such offer is made in the 
period beginning and ending on the dates specified for such purpose in such prospectus or Final Terms or 
drawdown prospectus, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of 
such offer. Except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have 
authorized, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Instruments in circumstances in which an 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Instruments includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
United Kingdom Retail Investors", the Instruments are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
 
 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Instruments or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specify "Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom 
Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", except to the extent subparagraph (ii) below may apply, any offer of 
Instruments in the UK will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of 
Instruments. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in the UK of Instruments which 
are the subject of an offering/placement contemplated in this Prospectus as completed by Final Terms or a 
drawdown prospectus in relation to the offer of those Instruments may only do so (i) in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant section 85 of the 
FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, in each case, in relation to such offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such 
offer has been approved by the competent authority in the UK or, where appropriate, approved in the UK 
and notified to the competent authority in the UK and (in either case) published, all in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, provided that any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by Final Terms which specify or is a drawdown prospectus 
which specifies that offers may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA in the UK and such offer is made in the period 
beginning and ending on the dates specified for such purpose in such prospectus or Final Terms or 
drawdown prospectus, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of 
such offer. Except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have 
authorized, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Instruments in circumstances in which an 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
This Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitute an offer or an invitation by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or any Dealer to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Instruments. Neither this 
Prospectus nor any Final Terms may be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in 
any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it is 
unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Instruments may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment by the manufacturer(s) in respect of the Instruments and which channels for distribution 
of the Instruments are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Instruments (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Instruments (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Instruments is a manufacturer in respect of such Instruments, but 
otherwise neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Instruments may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment by the manufacturer(s) in respect of the Instruments and which channels for distribution 
of the Instruments are appropriate. A Distributor should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Instruments (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules any Dealer subscribing for any Instruments is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Instruments, but otherwise neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
 
 
for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. Furthermore, the Issuer is not a manufacturer 
or Distributor for the purposes of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF INSTRUMENTS, THE DEALER 
OR DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS THE STABILIZING MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS 
ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILIZING MANAGER(S)) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL 
TERMS MAY OVER-ALLOT INSTRUMENTS OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW 
TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE INSTRUMENTS AT A LEVEL HIGHER 
THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILIZATION MAY 
NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILIZATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER 
THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER 
OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF INSTRUMENTS IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE 
AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER 
THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF INSTRUMENTS AND 60 DAYS AFTER 
THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF INSTRUMENTS. ANY 
STABILIZATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE 
RELEVANT STABILIZING MANAGER(S) (OR PERSON(S) ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY 
STABILIZING MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND 
RULES. 
In this Prospectus all references to "€","EUR" or "Euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of the European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation 
(EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the Euro, as amended. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS – This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking 
statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement that does not relate to historical facts and events. 
They are based on analyses or forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable or 
foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as 
"anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" 
and similar terms and phrases, including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to 
statements in this Prospectus containing information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations 
regarding the Issuer's business and management, its growth and profitability, and general economic and 
regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the 
Issuer makes to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, 
uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, including the Issuer's financial condition 
and results of operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results that have expressly or implicitly 
been assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. The Issuer's business is also subject to a 
number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking statement, estimate or prediction in 
this Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to read the section "Risk 
Factors" of this Prospectus. This section includes more detailed descriptions of factors that might have an 
impact on the Issuer's business and the markets in which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Prospectus may not 
occur. In addition, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer assumes any obligation, except as required by law, to 
update any forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or 
developments.

--- Page 6 ---
- 1 - 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 2 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 5 
A. Risk Factors relating to the Issuer........................................................................................................ 6 
B. Risk Factors relating to the Instruments ............................................................................................ 21 
CONSENT TO USE THE PROSPECTUS ................................................................................................ 32 
ISSUE PROCEDURES .............................................................................................................................. 33 
Terms and Conditions of the Instruments ............................................................................................... 35 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions for senior Fixed Rate Notes ....................................................... 37 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions for senior Floating Rate Notes ................................................. 67 
OPTION III – Terms and Conditions for subordinated Notes .......................................................... 109 
OPTION IV – Terms and Conditions for Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe ................................................... 149 
OPTION V – Terms and Conditions for Floating Rate Pfandbriefe ................................................ 170 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................... 203 
General Information ............................................................................................................................. 210 
Part I.: Terms and Conditions ............................................................................................................... 211 
Part II.: Additional Information ............................................................................................................ 238 
ISSUER DESCRIPTION ......................................................................................................................... 249 
PFANDBRIEFE AND THE MORTGAGE BANKING SECTOR .......................................................... 275 
WARNING REGARDING TAXATION ................................................................................................. 278 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 279 
Selling Restrictions ............................................................................................................................... 279 
Method to determine the yield .............................................................................................................. 283 
Interest of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer ....................................................... 283 
Use of Proceeds .................................................................................................................................... 283 
Authorization ........................................................................................................................................ 283 
Documents Available ........................................................................................................................... 283 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ................................................................................................ 284 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES ................................................................................................................... 285

--- Page 7 ---
- 2 - 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
General 
Under this Programme, OLB AG may from time to time issue Instruments to one or more Dealers. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Instruments at any time outstanding under the Programme 
will not exceed EUR 1.5 billion (or its equivalent in any other currency). The Issuer may increase the 
amount of the Programme from time to time. 
Instruments may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more Dealers. Instruments may be distributed on 
a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche (as defined below) will 
be stated in the Final Terms. Instruments may be distributed by way of offers to the public or private 
placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each 
tranche of Instruments (the "Tranche") will be stated in the Final Terms. Notes may be offered to non-
qualified and/or qualified investors. 
If the Instruments are subscribed by a group of Dealers or by individual Dealers, the Issuer shall enter into 
a subscription agreement with such Dealer or Dealers for the purpose of subscription. The Dealer(s) will 
receive a commission for the subscription and placement of the Instruments. Details of such commission 
and the date of the subscription agreement will be specified in the Final Terms. The Issuer will give certain 
representations and warranties to the Dealers in the subscription agreement and agree to be liable for any 
damage or loss suffered by the Dealers in connection with any breach of such representations and 
warranties. In case of subscription by one or more Dealers, the names and addresses of such Dealers will 
be specified in the Final Terms. 
Instruments may be issued on a continuous basis in Tranches,  each Tranche consisting of Instruments 
which are identical in all respects. One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated and 
forming a single series and identical in all respects, but having different issue dates, interest commencement 
dates, issue prices and dates for first interest payments may form a Series ("Series") of Instruments. Further 
Instruments may be issued as part of existing Series. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be 
supplemented, where necessary, with supplemental terms and conditions) will be set forth in the Final 
Terms. 
Instruments will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and as indicated in the Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the Instruments will 
be, if in Euro, EUR 1,000, if in any currency other than Euro, in an amount in such other currency nearly 
equivalent to EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of Instruments. 
Instruments may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as 
stated in the Final Terms. The issue price for Instruments to be issued will be determined at the time of 
pricing on the basis of a yield which will be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors. Orders 
will specify a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or above such yield. The resulting yield will 
be used to determine an issue price, all to correspond to the yield. The Instruments are freely transferable. 
Instruments will be issued with a maturity of twelve months or more. 
Application has been made to list Instruments to be issued under the Programme on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trade Instruments on the Regulated Market "Bourse de Luxembourg" 
which is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Instruments may further be issued under the 
Programme which will be listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, the Hamburg Stock Exchange or which 
will not be listed on any stock exchange. 
Instruments will be accepted for clearing through one or more Clearing Systems as specified in the Final 
Terms. These systems will include those operated by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg and Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear system. 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft will act as fiscal agent with respect to Instruments cleared through 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. Luxembourg and Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking AG (the 
"Fiscal Agent"). The Fiscal Agent will act as paying agent (the "Paying Agents").

--- Page 8 ---
- 3 - 
 
Ranking 
Instruments to be issued under the Programme may have the following ranking: 
Senior Notes which shall not qualify as MREL-eligible debt: 
The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking 
pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer except for such unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which are preferred by 
statutory provisions or which are subordinated by virtue of their terms or by statutory provisions. 
Senior Notes which shall qualify as MREL-eligible senior preferred debt pursuant to 
§ 46f paragraph 5 KWG 
The Notes are intended to qualify as eligible liabilities for the minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities of the Issuer ("MREL"). The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and, save for applicable laws and regulations, rank pari passu 
among themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
(except for obligations under debt instruments (Schuldtitel) pursuant to § 46f (6) and (9) of the German 
Banking Act (Kreditwesengesetz, "KWG") or any successor provision which rank junior to the Notes), 
subject, however, to statutory priorities conferred to certain unsecured and unsubordinated obligations in 
the event of resolution measures imposed on the Issuer or in the event of the dissolution, liquidation, 
insolvency or other proceedings for the avoidance of insolvency of, or against, the Issuer. 
Senior Notes which shall qualify as MREL-eligible senior non-preferred debt pursuant to 
§ 46f paragraph 6 KWG 
The Notes are intended to qualify as eligible liabilities for the minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities of the Issuer (MREL). The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and 
unsubordinated senior non-preferred obligations of the Issuer under debt instruments (Schuldtitel) within 
the meaning of § 46f (6) of the German Banking Act or any successor provision ("Debt Instruments") and, 
save for applicable laws and regulations, rank pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated senior non-preferred obligations under Debt Instruments of the Issuer, 
including senior non-preferred obligations under Debt Instruments referred to in § 46f (9) KWG, but junior 
to all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, subject, however, to statutory priorities 
conferred to certain unsecured and unsubordinated obligations in the event of resolution measures imposed 
on the Issuer or in the event of the dissolution, liquidation, insolvency or other proceedings for the 
avoidance of insolvency of, or against, the Issuer. 
Pfandbriefe 
The obligations under the Pfandbriefe constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves. The Pfandbriefe are covered in accordance with the 
Pfandbrief Act and rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer under Pfandbriefe. 
Subordinated Notes 
The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking 
pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer except as 
otherwise provided by applicable law or the terms of any such other obligations. In the event of resolution 
measures imposed on the Issuer and in the event of the dissolution, liquidation, insolvency or other 
proceedings for the avoidance of insolvency of, or against, the Issuer, the obligations under the Notes shall 
be fully subordinated to the claims of other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer so that in any such event 
no amounts shall be payable in respect of the Notes until the claims of such other unsubordinated creditors 
of the Issuer have been satisfied in full. No Holder may set off his claims arising under the Notes against 
any claims of the Issuer. Considering this subordination provision the Issuer is free to meet its obligations 
under the Notes also out of other free assets. No security or guarantee of whatever kind is, or shall at any 
time be, provided by the Issuer or any other person securing rights of the Holders under the Notes. 
No subsequent agreement may limit the subordination or shorten the term of the Notes or any applicable 
notice period. If the Notes are redeemed or repurchased by the Issuer or as a result of an early redemption, 
then the amounts redeemed or paid must be returned to the Issuer irrespective of any agreement to the

--- Page 9 ---
- 4 - 
 
contrary unless the supervisory authority of the Issuer has given its consent to such early redemption or 
repurchase. Any cancellation or redemption of the Notes or any repurchase of the Notes prior to their 
scheduled maturity requires the prior consent of the supervisory authority of the Issuer.

--- Page 10 ---
- 5 - 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Before deciding to purchase the Instruments, prospective investors should carefully review and consider 
the following risk factors and the other information contained in this Prospectus. Words and expressions 
defined in the "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS" below or elsewhere in this 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. Investing in the Instruments involves certain risks. 
Prospective investors should consider, among other things, the following: 
The following is a disclosure of risk factors that are material with respect to the Issuer and the Instruments 
issued under the Programme in order to assess the risks associated with these Instruments. Prospective 
investors should consider these risk factors before deciding to purchase Instruments issued under the 
Programme. 
Prospective investors should consider all information provided in this Prospectus and consult with their 
own professional advisers (including their financial, accounting, legal and tax advisers) if they consider it 
necessary. Should one or more of the risks described below materialize, this may have a material adverse 
effect on the cash flows, results of operations and financial condition of the Issuer. Moreover, if any of 
these risks materializes, the market value of the Instruments and the likelihood that the Issuer will be in a 
position to fulfil its payment obligations under the Instruments may decrease, in which case the Holders 
could lose all or part of their investments. 
The Issuer describes only those risk factors it is currently aware of and which could impair its ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Instruments. Additional risks and uncertainties, which are currently not 
known to the Issuer or which the Issuer currently believes are immaterial, could likewise impair the business 
operations of the Issuer and have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, cash flows, results of 
operations and the Issuer's financial condition. Prospective investors should consider these risk factors 
before deciding to purchase Notes issued under the Programme. Investors may lose the value of their entire 
investment or part of it in the event one or more of the risks regarding the Issuer described below 
materializes. 
In addition, prospective investors should be aware that the risks described below may combine and thus, 
intensify each other. 
An investment in the Instruments may not be suitable for all prospective investors. Each prospective 
purchaser of the Instruments must determine the suitability of that investment in light of his own 
circumstances. In particular, each prospective investor should: 
• 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Instruments, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Instruments and the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
• 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the 
Instruments and the impact the Instruments will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
• 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Instruments, including where the currency for principal and interest payments is different 
from the prospective investor's currency; 
• 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Instruments and be familiar with the behavior of 
any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
• 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Instruments are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolio. A prospective investor should not invest in the Instruments which are complex 
financial instruments unless he has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how

--- Page 11 ---
- 6 - 
 
the Instruments will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Instruments 
and the impact this investment will have on the prospective investor's overall investment portfolio. 
A. Risk Factors relating to the Issuer  
The following describes general risk factors that affect the ability of OLB AG to fulfill its obligations as 
Issuer. In addition to the other information and risk factors contained in this Prospectus, prospective 
investors should consider the following specific risk factors relating to OLB AG as Issuer of the Notes 
when deciding on the purchase of Notes from OLB AG.  
The occurrence of one or more of the following risks could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's 
net assets, financial position and results of operations, thereby adversely affecting its ability to meet its 
obligations under Notes to be issued to investors. 
The risk factors regarding OLB AG are presented in the following categories: 
• 
Risks related to the Issuer's Business Activities and Industry 
• 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
• 
Risks relating to recent developments and future events 
1. Risks related to the Issuer's Business Activities and Industry 
OLB is exposed to credit risk (credit risk) 
OLB's business depends on its ability to successfully measure and manage credit risk. Most importantly, 
OLB is exposed to the risk that the principal of, or interest on, a loan will not be paid timely or at all or that 
the value of any collateral supporting a loan will be insufficient to cover the outstanding exposure. Credit 
risks can arise both through direct contractual relationships (for example, granting a loan) and indirect 
relationships (for example, through hedging obligations (in particular, granting guarantees or selling hedges 
via a credit derivative)). 
Credit risk is subdivided into default risk, migration risk, liquidity and credit spread risk, country risk and 
verity risk: 
• 
Default risk 
Default risk relates to the potential loss inherent in the default of a business partner, whether a 
counterparty or another partner to a contract, or an issuer of a security; in other words, the business 
partner's inability or unwillingness to meet contractual obligations; 
• 
Country risk 
Country risk relates to an element of credit risk defined as the assumption of a cross-border risk, 
in particular a transfer and conversion risk, i.e., the risk that the transfer or the convertibility of the 
amounts paid by the debtor will not be made or will be delayed due to payment problems as a result 
of official or legislative measures; 
• 
Migration risk 
Migration risk relates to the potential change in the present value of a claim as a result of a 
deterioration in the creditworthiness of the counterparty or debtor; 
• 
Liquidity and Credit Spread risk 
Liquidity and credit spread risk relates to the potential change in present value due to changes in 
liquidity spreads or credit spreads on the market; and 
• 
Verity risk 
Verity risk is the risk that a receivable purchased directly or indirectly does not have legal validity.

--- Page 12 ---
- 7 - 
 
Negative developments in the economic environment of customers or counterparties, competitive 
influences, and errors in corporate management can increase the probability of default by customers or 
counterparties, and thus the credit risks. 
OLB is exposed to credit risk, in particular in relation to the lending operations to retail and corporate 
customers but also other activities such as the trading and settlement activities where a third-party who 
owes OLB money, securities or other assets is unable or unwilling to perform their obligations to OLB. The 
exposure of OLB to concentration effects in its lending portfolio across its three business divisions has 
historically been limited. However, it cannot be ruled out that counterparty defaults could be amplified 
within the same economic sector or region due to the interdependence effects of these counterparties. Credit 
default has greater risk and has been historically higher during periods of economic downturns, which in 
turn results in a deterioration in the financial situation of OLB's customers or increase in corporate and 
personal insolvencies. However, counterparty risks may also be triggered by a change in accounting 
standards or regulatory requirements. To that effect, banks in Germany will have to implement a new 
accounting standard (BFA 7) with respect to the measurement of general loan loss provisions in the 
beginning of 2022. Depending on the methodology OLB will choose, the application of this new standard 
could lead to an increase of the necessary general loan-loss provisions (GLLP). The impact of this new 
accounting standard remains uncertain and may adversely affect the operations, liquidity and financial 
position of OLB. 
At present, the credit risk is further exacerbated by the continuing COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on 
the operating environment and the overall macroeconomic outlook, which may result in increased 
impairment provisions, impairments and write-downs. Bank supervisory authorities and various 
governmental authorities are urging financial institutions to work prudently with borrowers who are or may 
be unable to meet their contractual payment obligations because of the effects of COVID-19, which may 
limit the ability of OLB to recover any non-performing exposures. The inability to successfully manage the 
increased credit risk caused by COVID-19 could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of 
operations and financial position of OLB. As such, losses may be realized in the event of default by one or 
more counterparties, particularly if OLB encounters legal or other difficulties in enforcing its collateral or 
if the value of this collateral is not sufficient to fully recover the exposure in the event of default.  
The occurrence of any of the above or a failure by OLB to manage these risks effectively could have a 
material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial position, and, if severe or 
prolonged, the prospects of OLB. 
OLB measures, manages and reports its credit risk in accordance with applicable laws, regulations and best 
practices and based on the established procedures, record provisions for its loan portfolio in general, and 
doubtful and non-performing loans in particular, in order to anticipate the occurrence of losses.  
In light of such risks, OLB has adopted procedures, rules and principles aimed at monitoring and managing 
credit risk at both the individual and overall portfolio level. The amount of provisions is based on the most 
accurate assessment available at the time the recoverability of an exposure is assessed. However, even with 
the monitoring and management of credit risk, OLB's exposure to credit risk could exceed predetermined 
levels. Therefore, any (i) decline in the creditworthiness of, or errors in assessing the creditworthiness of, 
borrowers and counterparties, (ii) failure of borrowers and counterparties to make, or their irregularity in 
making, loan payments or (iii) deterioration in the value of collateral and the inability to successfully and 
timely enforce rights over collateral, could materially adversely affect the business, financial condition or 
results of operations of OLB.  
OLB monitors specific credit risks carefully that may have material adverse effects on the Issuer's net assets, 
financial position and results of operations. For example: 
• 
Non-performing loans 
For the years ended 31 December 2021, 2020 and 2019, non-performing loans ("NPLs") were 
EUR 320.1 million, EUR 418.4 million and EUR 380.5 million, respectively (representing 1.9%, 
2.7% and 2.5%, respectively, of all receivables from customers). The NPL Coverage Ratio for the 
years ended 31 December 2021, 2020 and 2019 amounted to 85.0%, 74.8% and 85.8%.  
OLB accounts for loan defaults of its borrowers by making both specific and portfolio risk 
provisions in its financial statements. However, as a result of deteriorating economic conditions

--- Page 13 ---
- 8 - 
 
and increases in the number of impaired loans, should the actual credit risk exceed current estimates 
based on which the provisioning has been determined, the loan loss provisions could be insufficient 
to cover such losses. This could have a material adverse impact on the business, results of 
operations and financial position of OLB. 
• 
Market volatility/Devaluation of real estate collateral 
As of 31 December 2021, EUR 7.5 billion out of the EUR 17 billion receivables of OLB from 
customers are secured by mortgages. Most of the real-estate collateral is comprised of liens on 
residential and commercial property, in particular in Northwest Germany. As a result, a potential 
downturn in economic activity and consequently in the real estate market could adversely affect 
the value of OLB's collateral pool. 
When extending credit, OLB undertakes a comprehensive risk assessment based on statistical 
creditworthiness procedures that takes into consideration the value of collateral. The same policy 
applies to lending backed by residential or commercial real estate. However, any economic 
downturn in Germany, including a decline in the value of real estate, an increase in unemployment 
or a decline in general economic activity, all factors which carry heightened risks due to the 
uncertainty of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect the collateral coverage of 
the loan portfolio of OLB and cause increased impairment losses. Additionally, generally 
unfavorable market conditions, including in real estate market, may affect the ability of OLB to 
sell the collateral on favorable terms or at all. As a result, devaluation of collateral may have an 
adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial position of OLB. 
OLB is exposed to a large number of different market risks (market risk) 
OLB is, directly and indirectly, affected by changes in market conditions. Market risk refers to the risk that 
OLB may suffer losses due to changes in market prices or the parameters influencing market prices (for 
example, share prices, interest rates, exchange rates or prices of raw materials, precious metals and real 
estate, as well as the volatility of these parameters). Market risk is inherent in the financial instruments 
associated with the operations and activities of OLB, and includes changes in value that result from the 
specific illiquidity of sub-markets if, for example, the purchase or sale of large items within a specified 
timeframe is only possible at prices that are not standard for the market.  
OLB's primary categories of market risk include: interest rate risk (arising from changes in yield curves, 
credit spreads and implied volatilities on interest rate options), foreign exchange risk (arising from changes 
in currency exchange rates and implied volatilities on foreign exchange options), equity risk (arising from 
changes in the prices of equities, equity indices, equity baskets and implied volatilities on related options), 
and fluctuations (volatility) in any of these parameters. 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the control of OLB, including inflation and 
monetary policies, as well as domestic and international economic and (geo-)political conditions. Changes 
in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, often result in decreasing margins and consequently 
in decreasing net interest income earned by OLB from lending and money market transactions, as well as 
from bonds and fixed-income securities, unless compensated by an increase in customer loan volumes. At 
the same time, reductions in interest rates and margins may not affect the financing costs to the same extent 
as they affect interest rates and margins on loan and financing transactions of OLB, as well as from fixed-
income securities held by OLB, because a credit institution's ability to make a corresponding reduction in 
the interest rate and margin it pays is limited, in particular when interest rates on deposits are already very 
low.  
The European and German interest rate environment has seen a prolonged period of low and even negative 
interest rates. The ECB lowered its deposit rate to -0.5% in September 2019 continuing to stimulate 
economic activity, stabilize banking systems suffering from non-performing loans, and manage exchange 
rates. The ECB's interest rate policies have changed materially in the last years introducing targeted long-
term refinancing operations and various asset purchase programs. The impact on banks of negative interest 
rate policies is more pronounced on a bank like OLB, focused on domestic loans and deposits, than larger 
multi-national banking conglomerates. Effects on the banking business of OLB includes the effect of 
offering 0% interest on deposits while short-term market interest rates are negative as well as repercussions 
on the interest margin business of OLB. Negative interest rates have resulted in a direct decline in interest 
margins, and therefore in a general decrease in profitability of the banking sector as competition between

--- Page 14 ---
- 9 - 
 
banks and the option for customers to hold liquidity in cash have not allowed for the negative interest rates 
to be passed on to individual customers. 
A low interest rate environment may also affect the ability of OLB to originate loans and obtain deposits 
as well as the average duration of its securities portfolio. Low interest rates also tend to lead to an increased 
risk appetite of some participants in the banking and financial system, lower risk premiums compared to 
their historical average and high valuation levels of certain assets. Additionally, legal provisions may lead 
to restrictions on charging negative interest rates on deposit accounts and credit customers may be 
motivated in such circumstances by low or negative interest rates to fully repay their indebtedness prior to 
maturity date at no cost or premium. Furthermore, a low or negative interest rate environment results in 
increased costs of maintain the regulatory and prudential liquidity buffers held in cash and low yield liquid 
assets.  
OLB may not be able to accurately predict the likelihood, nature and magnitude of market interest rate 
changes or how and to what extent such changes may affect its business. OLB also may not be able to 
adequately prepare for, or compensate for, the consequences of such changes. Any failure to predict and 
prepare for changes in interest rates, or adjust for the consequences of these changes, may adversely affect 
the earnings and capital levels and overall business, results of operations and financial position of OLB. 
OLB measures interest rate risk under various rate scenarios and using specific criteria and assumptions in 
accordance with its risk strategy. OLB believes its current level of interest rate sensitivity is reasonable and 
effectively managed, however, significant fluctuations in interest rates, which may have an adverse effect 
on business, results of operations and financial position of OLB cannot be predicted or controlled. In 
addition, should the negative interest rate environment further develop unfavorably, this may adversely 
affect the earnings and capital levels and overall business, results of operations and financial position of 
OLB. 
The risk from the non-trading portfolio derives primarily from changes in interest rates. Currently, OLB 
limits open foreign-currency positions to EUR 1 million. These open foreign currency positions result from 
its customer lending business (for example, margins in foreign currencies, foreign notes and coins business, 
securities business). As such, this risk is currently limited but may increase in the future if the policies and 
practices of OLB evolve. Additionally, OLB limits risks from holdings in foreign cash, precious metals and 
commodities to EUR 2 million. 
Failure to manage market risks effectively, and/or the occurrence or continuance of unexpected events 
resulting in significant market dislocation could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of 
operations and financial position and, if severe or prolonged, the prospects of OLB.  
Unless market risk positions are secured by hedging to stay in line with OLB's risk bearing ability and the 
limits defined in OLB's risk strategy, unforeseen market developments may have a significant impact on 
the effectiveness of hedging measures. Instruments used to hedge interest and currency risks can result in 
losses if the underlying financial instruments are sold or if valuation adjustments must be undertaken. Gains 
and losses from ineffective risk-hedging measures can increase the volatility of the results of operations 
generated, which could have a material adverse effect on business and financial condition. 
OLB is subject to the risk of being unable to meet current or future payment obligations at all, in a 
timely manner or only at unacceptably high costs (liquidity risk) 
OLB is exposed to liquidity risk. Liquidity risk refers to the risk that OLB will not be able to obtain 
sufficient funding on the expected terms to meet its payment obligations (refinancing risk). Payment 
obligations result, among other things, from the calling of cash deposits, the fulfillment of trading 
transactions, interest payments or the provision of loans. OLB's refinancing options may be severely 
impaired by disruptions in the national and international money markets.  
In addition, there may be a risk of not being able to liquidate or close out transactions, or only at a loss, 
because of inadequate market depth or market disruptions (market liquidity risk).  
A negative outlook and/or further negative ratings, may, in particular in combination with an expectation 
of a worsening of the economic environment, lead to a substantial volume of customer deposits being 
withdrawn.  
Further, a recession can lead to higher defaults and to an increase of credit facilities usage.

--- Page 15 ---
- 10 - 
 
Such liquidity risks can have a material adverse effect on OLB's net assets, financial position, and results 
of operations. The less liquidity OLB has available as a result of the materialization of funding or market 
liquidity risk, the greater the likelihood that holders will suffer a partial or even total loss of their invested 
capital. 
OLB is exposed to a large number of operational risks (also known as non-financial risks) 
OLB is exposed to operational risk, i.e. the risk of losses due to the inadequacy or failure of internal 
procedures, persons or systems or due to external events that affect OLB. OLB has a system to manage 
operational risks, comprising a collection of policies and procedures for controlling, measuring and 
mitigating OLB's operational risks. These measures could prove to be inadequate to cover all types of risk 
that could occur, resulting in one or more such unforeseen risks materializing. 
Risks under the "operational risk" category include: 
• 
IT and information security risk: the risk that a loss might arise from the disclosure, manipulation 
or lack of accessibility of IT systems or information, even more so in light of the digitalization 
trend that characterizes the financial industry;  
• 
Reputation risk: the risk of a loss of reputation among the general public, shareholders, (potential) 
customers, employees, business partners, and the supervisory authorities with regard to OLB's 
capability, integrity and trustworthiness because of adverse events that occur in the course of the 
business activities of OLB;  
• 
Conduct risk: the risk of criminal acts on account of internal misconduct, such as theft, corruption 
offenses or antitrust violations;  
• 
Model risk: the potential for loss resulting from the incorrect prompting of management acts 
because of an improper application of a model, its unsuitability for the application, unsuitable or 
incorrect input parameters, or internal inconsistencies in the model (the model being outdated or 
improperly formed); 
• 
Legal risk and risk of legal changes: the risk that damage might be incurred because of a complete 
or partial non-compliance with the legal framework prescribed by statute, regulations and case law 
(and/or litigation resulting therefrom). The risk of legal changes represents the risk for transactions 
concluded in the past on account of a change in the legal situation (changes brought about by court 
rulings or legislative amendments) as well as the risks that might arise due to inadequate or 
nonexistent implementation of legal basis entering into force in the future (please also refer to 
"Legal and Regulatory Risks" below);  
• 
Compliance risk: the risk of criminal or administrative law penalties, fines and other financial 
losses or reputational damage as a result of violations of legal and administrative regulations, 
regulatory orders, codes of conduct/ethics in connection with the regulated activities of OLB and 
violations of investor/consumer protection; 
• 
External misconduct: the risk of losses based on other criminal acts of third parties; 
• 
Outsourcing risk: the risk of deficient or limited service provision by external service providers for 
key banking functions; and  
• 
Project risk: the risk relating to harm that may potentially be caused by delays, cost increases, or 
losses of quality, or the failure of a project. 
In 2021, operational losses resulted from a provision in connection with a court ruling on the terms and 
conditions, settlement payments in connection with alleged false or incorrect information in loan 
agreements, human errors in recording interest rates and write-offs on loans granted with an external 
fraudulent background. 
OLB seeks to manage operational risks in a timely and effective manner through a framework of policies 
and standards; however, the occurrence or continuation of one or more of the foregoing operational risks 
which are inherent in the banking activities of OLB, or any failure to manage one or more of such risks

--- Page 16 ---
- 11 - 
 
effectively, may have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial position 
of OLB. 
Risk of a rating downgrade 
OLB may be assigned a rating which is different to market perception and adversely impacts its credit 
spreads. Factors leading to any such downgrade or change in outlook may not be within its control (for 
example, the deterioration of macroeconomic assessments, including as a result of COVID-19, regulatory 
changes, the exercise of subjective judgement by the rating agencies, a change in the methodology or a 
change in approach used by the rating agencies to rate OLB or securities of OLB).  
The more OLB's credit rating is downgraded by the rating agencies, the more OLB's profitability may fall, 
increasing the likelihood that holders will suffer a partial or even total loss of the capital they have invested. 
The markets in which OLB is active are characterized by intense competition on price and on 
transaction terms, which results in considerable pressure on margins 
OLB faces substantial competition in all phases of its operations from a variety, and increasing number, of 
different competitors. OLB is subject to significant competition from regional, cooperative and other local 
banks as well as international (digital) banks and payment institutions carrying on similar business as OLB's 
in the markets in which OLB operates, including competitors that may have greater financial and other 
resources or who may not be subject to the same degree of regulation as OLB is. In particular in the Private 
Customers division of OLB, these banks compete for substantially the same customers and in order to 
remain competitive, OLB may not realize the margins in certain markets which it would otherwise have 
expected or desired. Consolidation in the financial services industry could result in the competitors 
benefiting from greater capital, resources and an ability to offer a broader range of products. In this respect, 
the main competitors of OLB are Sparkasse savings bank and Volksbank cooperative banks, and also 
private large-scale banks, state banks, insurance and building societies.  
Additionally, OLB also expects increased competition from new entrants, such as FinTechs, in the relevant 
product or geographic markets and existing competitors may combine to increase their existing market 
presence or market share. Competition is also enhanced by the emergence of such non-banking actors 
which, in some cases, may benefit from a regulatory framework that is more flexible and in particular less 
demanding in terms of equity capital requirements. 
Driven by such new market participants and the increasing trend of digitalization, new services that are 
automated, scalable and based on new technologies (such as blockchain) are developing rapidly and are 
fundamentally changing the relationship between consumers and financial services providers, as well as 
the function of traditional retail bank networks. Competition with these new actors could also be 
exacerbated by the emergence of substitutes for central bank currency, including crypto-currencies and 
digital central bank currency. In this context, additional investments may be necessary for OLB to be able 
to offer new innovative services and to be competitive with these new actors. In addition, certain of its 
competitors may have access to lower cost funding and be able to offer loans on more favorable terms than 
us. 
The above risks, individually or in combination, may have a material adverse effect on the business, results 
of operations and financial position of OLB. 
OLB faces risks in managing its organic growth and expansion strategy 
OLB's expansion strategy relating to its product portfolio, partnership and geographic expansion strategy, 
by way of organic growth as well as by already completed and future acquisitions is subject to certain risks. 
OLB's continued growth is dependent upon a number of factors, including the ability to develop efficient 
internal monitoring and control systems, the ability to develop and implement "best practices" in response 
to day-to-day business challenges, the ability to secure adequate financing to successfully establish 
operations in new markets, the ability to turn new operations profitable within the expected time after 
market entry, the ability to correctly assess legal and regulatory requirements in targeted markets and 
monitor on-going changes in existing markets, the ability to develop and maintain adequate and secured 
IT-platforms, the ability to successfully integrate any operations already acquired or which may be acquired 
in the future, the ability to identify and overcome cultural and linguistic differences which may impact 
market practices within a given geographic region and other factors, some of which are beyond OLB's

--- Page 17 ---
- 12 - 
 
control. OLB may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of its operations or OLB's current 
personnel, systems, procedures, and controls may not be adequate to support OLB's future operations. This 
may have material adverse effects on the Issuer's net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
OLB may not benefit from its strategy, or may be able to do so only in part or at a higher cost than 
planned, and the implementation of planned measures may not lead to the achievement of the desired 
strategic objectives 
Changing conditions in the financial industry in the coming years may require substantial strategy 
adjustments and may result, for example, in higher costs than planned or reduced earnings. While OLB is 
constantly reviewing and adapting its strategy, its current and revised future strategy may prove ineffective. 
As a result, OLB may not benefit from its strategy or may be able to do so only in part or at a higher cost 
than planned. 
Key assumptions underlying OLB's strategy may prove to be partly or fully incorrect as a result of which 
some or all of the targets may not be reached. For example, the desired growth in customers and business 
volume may not be achieved, in particular, due to intense competition.  
Cost-saving measures may not be achieved or may prove ineffective, thereby also threatening the 
achievement of its strategic objectives. Further increasing regulation may lead to higher investments in 
documentation, risk-related models, customer advisory and governance structures. 
Even if OLB's strategic goals are achieved, OLB's risk result could still increase by adverse market 
developments.  
There may be unknown or unrecognized risks to OLB, and it cannot be ruled out that the risk 
management system will prove to be inadequate or fail and that risks will be realized in connection 
with OLB's business operations 
Although the Issuer believes that OLB has an adequate risk management system in place, there may be 
unknown or unrecognized risks to OLB, and it cannot be ruled out that the risk management system will 
prove to be inadequate or fail in the future, which would have consequent adverse effects on its business 
operations and the Issuer's net assets, financial position and results of operations.  
2. Legal and Regulatory Risks 
Legal disputes may arise in connection with OLB's business activities, the outcomes of which are 
uncertain and which entail risks for OLB. 
In the course of normal business operations, and in its capacity as an employer, investor and taxpayer, OLB 
is exposed to the risk of proceedings in the courts and before regulatory bodies.  
There are also other legal disputes in which OLB is not directly involved, but which could have an impact 
on OLB due to their fundamental importance for the banking industry.  
These legal proceedings are characterized by a large number of uncertainties and it is not possible to predict 
their outcome with certainty. Consequently, risks associated with them may in certain cases be difficult to 
quantify, or may not be quantifiable at all. OLB recognizes provisions for potential losses from contingent 
liabilities in accordance with, and to the extent permissible under, applicable accounting rules. However, 
OLB's final actual liability may differ from the provisions that have been recognized, as a high degree of 
judgement is involved in assessing the probability of uncertain liabilities in such legal proceedings and 
quantifying them. These estimates may turn out to be inaccurate at a later stage of the proceedings. It is 
therefore possible that losses resulting from pending or potential proceedings will exceed the provisions 
recognized, which may have material adverse effects on the Issuer's net assets, financial position and results 
of operations. 
In particular, starting in 2018, the Federation of German Consumer Organizations (Verbraucherzentrale 
Bundesverband) has initiated proceedings against various credit institutions in relation to amendment 
clauses in standard terms and conditions, which were and are widely used by banks in Germany, including 
by OLB. Such clauses provide that amendments to the standard terms and conditions may be proposed to 
the customers no later than two months before their proposed date of entry into force. If the customers do 
not expressly object prior to the proposed effective date, they are deemed to have consented to the proposed

--- Page 18 ---
- 13 - 
 
amendments. According to these clauses, the credit institutions are required to draw the customers' attention 
to the effects of the implied consent and customers (only) have the option to terminate the contract if they 
object to the amendment. However, on April 27, 2021, the Federal Court of Justice (Bundesgerichtshof) 
held that such amendment clauses are invalid because they violate German standard contract terms laws on 
the basis that, without any restriction as to the potential content and subject matter of amendments, such 
standard terms and conditions allow the relevant credit institution to amend the contract considerably in its 
favor and therefore unreasonably disadvantages the customers. As a consequence, banks will have to obtain 
the express consent of their customers for not insignificant contract amendments or changes in conditions 
and obtain approval for changes made in the past on the basis of such amendment clauses. 
The German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht – 
"BaFin") obliges credit institutions to inform premium savings customers about ineffective interest rate 
adjustment clauses. To this end, it published a general ruling on 22 June 2021. The affected institutions 
must also explain to savers whether they have received too little interest due to the clauses used. In these 
cases, the banks must either irrevocably assure their customers of an interest rate recalculation or offer an 
amendment agreement with an effective interest rate adjustment clause that takes into account the case law 
of the Federal Court of Justice (Bundesgerichtshof). 
Further, the German Federal Cartel Office (Bundeskartellamt) has recently found that parts of the terms 
and conditions for online banking of 2009 (Bedingungen für das Online-banking des Jahres 2009) are in 
violation of antitrust law. As a result, companies that are allegedly adversely affected by this, for example 
payment initiation services or online retailers, could file claims for damages against the 
Kreditwirtschaftliche Verbände and their member institutions, one of which is OLB. Such claims can reach 
a considerable amount.  
Changes in the legal environment may lead to increased costs and thus to an impairment of the 
Issuer's net assets, financial position and results of operations  
The density of regulation in OLB's areas of activity is high, and new regulations encumbering business 
operations could reduce its profitability. Stringent minimum capital requirements (in terms of quantity and 
quality) for credit institutions such as OLB result from European legislation, in particular the CRD IV (as 
defined below), as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, most recently by CRD V (as 
defined below), the related German implementation laws and the CRR (as defined below), as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time, including in particular by the CRR II (as defined below).  
In relation to minimum capital requirements, the BaFin, the Bundesbank and other competent regulatory 
authorities have an extensive administrative surveillance authority over many aspects of the financial 
services business, including, without limitation, liquidity, capital adequacy and permitted investments, 
requirements to maintain minimum reserves with the Bundesbank, market behavior requirements, 
organizational requirements, anti-money laundering, privacy, record keeping, as well as marketing and 
selling practices. The businesses of OLB are subject to a complex framework of banking and financial 
services laws and regulations, and the regulatory framework is subject to permanent developments and 
changes in legislation or administrative practice. These elements increase the associated legal and 
regulatory risks, including risk of non-compliance. Compliance with amended or newly imposed rules may, 
further, lead to an increase in administrative expenses, cost of compliance and reporting and consequently 
to higher cost ratios for OLB and ultimately can make products or services more expensive for customers. 
Legislators also frequently adopt changes to their regulations, and substantial regulatory and legislative 
initiatives are possible in the future. OLB is unable to predict whether any new initiatives will succeed, 
which form they will take, or whether any additional changes to laws or regulations, including the 
interpretation or implementation thereof, will occur in the future. The ongoing monitoring and 
implementation of new or amended legal requirements may result in significant compliance and operational 
costs and expenses for OLB and any breach, actual or alleged, of such rules and requirements may result in 
regulatory consequences, fines, legal and reputational risk. Any changes or enforcement actions in 
connection with banking and financial supervision and/or the inability to comply with the extensive banking 
and financial supervision and legal requirements may result in an adverse effect on the long term 
profitability of OLB and could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and 
financial position of OLB.

--- Page 19 ---
- 14 - 
 
OLB may fail to successfully manage the diverse sets of regulatory requirements it is subject to, 
particularly requirements under the CRD IV and the CRR, and may face regulatory problems 
entering into new markets  
OLB is subject to capital adequacy regulations, which aim to put in place a comprehensive and risk-
sensitive legal framework and to ensure enhanced risk management among financial institutions. OLB AG 
must at all times reach the capital requirements in accordance with the EU Capital Requirements Directive 
(2013/36/EU) ("CRD IV"), as amended by the EU Capital Requirements Directive (EU) 2019/878 
("CRD V"), and the Capital Requirements Regulation (575/2013) ("CRR"), as amended by the EU Capital 
Requirements Regulation (EU) 2019/876 ("CRR II"). CRD IV and CRR have imposed significant changes 
for financial institutions in terms of minimum capital requirements and capital buffers. 
Since 1 January 2018, OLB has to meet a minimum LCR of 100%. Since its full implementation, the net 
stable funding ratio ("NSFR") no longer imposes sole reporting obligations, but establishes minimum 
quotes calculated on the basis of the ratio of available funding across all maturities to the funding required. 
Furthermore, the applicable regulatory regime is in constant change. As such, following the implementation 
and effectiveness of CRR II, since June 2021 and following further guidance from the European 
Commission and the EBA, OLB has to comply with a leverage ratio of at least 3%. Liquidity and leverage 
ratios limit the operational business of OLB and can, in case OLB fails to comply with these ratios or any 
future changes to them, result in actions by BaFin, the Bundesbank or any other competent regulatory 
authority. 
Pursuant to the CRR II, banks are required to maintain a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital (being the sum of 
OLB's Common Equity Tier 1 capital and its Additional Tier 1 capital) to RWAs of 6% and a minimum 
ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 capital to RWAs of 4.5%. The minimum total capital ratio of own funds 
(being the sum of OLB's Tier 1 capital and its Tier 2 capital) to RWAs is 8%.  
The KWG requires banks to maintain a mandatory capital conservation buffer (Common Equity Tier 1 
capital amounting to 2.5% of RWAs), and authorizes BaFin to require OLB to build an additional 
countercyclical buffer during periods of high credit growth. In July 2019, the additional countercyclical 
buffer has been set by BaFin to be 0.25%, but has subsequently been revoked in April 2020 as a result of 
the COVID-19 crisis. In addition, BaFin may require banks to build up a systemic risk buffer (Common 
Equity Tier 1 capital of between 1% and 3% of RWAs for all exposures and, in exceptional cases, up to 5% 
for domestic and third-country exposures) as a matter of prevention against long-term non-cyclical systemic 
or macro-prudential risks, in particular if risk aspects are not fully covered by the capital requirements 
under the CRR II or if the risk-bearing capability is endangered.  
As of 31 December 2021, the ratio of OLB's Tier 1 capital and Common Equity Tier 1 Capital to RWAs 
amounted to 13.5% and 12.0%, respectively (as compared to 12.7% and 12.2% as of 31 December 2020, 
and 12.3% and 11.8%, as of 31 December 2019). OLB's total capital ratio of its own funds to RWAs was 
14.8% as of 31 December 2021 (as compared to 14.2% and 14.1% as of 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019, respectively). 
In addition to CRR II and CRD V, OLB is subject to the rules published in BRRD, as amended, including 
in particular by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Directive 
2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and investment 
firms and Directive 98/26/EC ("BRRD 2"). BRRD was transposed into German law primarily by the SAG. 
On 28 December 2020, amendments to the existing Minimum Requirement for Eligible Liabilities 
("MREL") rules and the scope of application of a statutory minimum requirement started to apply as part 
of the amendments to the German Recovery and Resolution Act (Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgesetz – 
"SAG") resulting from BRRD 2.  
OLB, with a balance sheet total of EUR 24.6 billion (as of 31 December 2021), does not automatically fall 
in the new category of so-called top tier banks and, therefore, will not automatically be subject to the group 
of banks for which a statutory minimum requirement will apply. However, the resolution authority could 
determine that such statutory requirement is to be applied if it views OLB as being likely to pose a systemic 
risk in the event of failure. Further, the resolution authority will continue to set an institution-specific 
MREL. OLB is not currently subject to the general requirement to meet its MREL with subordinated 
liabilities (i.e., such liabilities which are junior to certain other liabilities), however, the resolution authority 
will decide the amount up to which the institution-specific MREL will have to be met using subordinated

--- Page 20 ---
- 15 - 
 
capital. Compliance with these requirements may lead to an increase in administrative expenses, cost of 
compliance and reporting and consequently to higher cost ratios for OLB.  
Non-compliance or imminent non-compliance with own funds, MREL or liquidity requirements triggers 
numerous powers of the competent regulatory authorities. Apart from the ability to issue orders in relation 
to the business activities of OLB and various other powers (for example, orders for capital adequacy 
improvements or measures in relation to the institution's management), a competent authority, depending 
on the particular circumstances of the case, might, as a means of last resort, have the power to withdraw 
the banking permit or to issue an order that OLB has to be dissolved and liquidated. Moreover, non-
compliance with own funds requirements, either actual or imminent, may trigger the commencement of 
recovery or resolution proceedings, which may involve, but are not limited to, the mandatory exercise of 
write-down or conversion powers. 
The occurrence or continuance of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on the 
business, results of operations and financial position of OLB. 
Risks in connection with measures under the German Banking Act (Kreditwesengesetz – "KWG")  
BaFin may take measures against the Issuer in accordance with sections 45 et seqq. of the KWG. As part 
of a so-called moratorium, BaFin has the power to temporarily issue a ban on the sale and payment to the 
institution, order the closure of the institution for customer business, and, under certain conditions, prohibit 
the acceptance of payments. 
Such measures may result in the partial or total loss of the invested capital for holders of the Notes. 
Risks in relation to tax legislation 
OLB's main tax risks are related to changes to or possible erroneous interpretations of tax legislation. Such 
changes or erroneous interpretations could lead to tax increases or other financial losses. Realization of 
such risks might have a material adverse effect on OLB's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
In addition, corporate income tax, value added tax, sales taxes and other taxes levied upon on OLB's 
business are subject to change and can be increased, changed or completely restructured at any time. 
Changes to local tax regimes or challenges to the current tax structure of OLB and may have material 
adverse effects on the Issuer's net assets, financial position and results of operations. 
OLB may fail to comply with the regulation on measures against money laundering and terrorist 
financing  
OLB's business is subject to an increasing number of rules and regulations applicable to the financial sector 
on the prevention of money laundering, the financing of terrorism, corruption and international sanctions. 
These risks are inherent in the operations of OLB and may arise from, among other things, the offering of 
different banking products via multiple channels across regions to diverse customer types, the increased 
digitalization, OLB's defenses being overcome by criminals and/or regulators assessing deficiencies in its 
design and/or governance over controls operating across its customer or counterparty due diligence and 
surveillance.  
OLB continuously seeks to enhance its approach in preventing money laundering, combating terrorist 
financing, complying with sanctions and mitigating internal and external fraud risk through its internal 
controls. Among others, OLB evaluates its customer base on an ongoing basis and assess the potential risk 
level of each customer based on internal risk scoring system, which is periodically reevaluated and updated. 
OLB also monitors transactions according to predefined scenarios and thresholds that are based on 
legislative requirements, international standards, industry guidance and internal assessment of risks, all of 
which are periodically re-evaluated and updated.  
OLB continues to adapt to incorporate new risk indicators for its financial crime compliance controls. 
However, there is no guarantee that such adaptations will be effective in addressing all financial crime risks 
(including those related to COVID-19).  
Any past, present or future (factual or even just alleged) non-compliance with or breach of the anti-money 
laundering rules regulations, or other financial crime, or any failure to manage one or more such risks

--- Page 21 ---
- 16 - 
 
effectively, may have severe negative legal and reputational consequences on OLB as well as a material 
adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial position of OLB. 
Risks relating to changes in the legal framework on covered bonds 
In order to harmonize the european covered bonds market, Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards 
exposures in the form of covered bonds (the "Covered Bond Regulation") and Directive (EU) 2019/2162 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and 
covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (the "Covered 
Bond Directive") were issued in 2019. 
The Covered Bond Regulation will in particular amend Article 129 of the CRR, setting a new minimum 
level of 5 per cent. of overcollateralization (as opposed to a minimum requirement of 2 per cent. currently) 
and specifying Loan-to Value Limits (LTV limits) as soft coverage limits, meaning that while there are no 
limits to the size of an underlying loan, such a loan can act as collateral only within the LTV limits for the 
assets. LTV limits should also apply throughout the entire lifetime of the loan. 
The new legislation will significantly increase requirements for issuers of covered bonds like Pfandbriefe, 
such as the Issuer, in the future. If the Issuer fails to address, or appears to fail to address, these changes 
appropriately, its reputation could be harmed and regulatory authorities could, among other things, bring 
administrative or judicial proceedings against the Issuer, which could result, among other things, in 
suspension or revocation of the Issuer's licenses, cease and desist orders, conditions, fines, civil penalties, 
criminal penalties or other disciplinary action. 
The Covered Bond Regulation will apply directly without transposing national legislation from 8 July 2022. 
In Germany, the Covered Bond Directive is implemented by a law transposing the Covered Bond Directive 
(the "CBD Implementation Act") which will, inter alia, lead to changes in the German Pfandbrief Act 
(Pfandbriefgesetz, the "Pfandbrief Act"). The provisions of the CDB Implementation Act changing the 
Pfandbrief Act apply in two staggered stages from 1 July 2021 and from 8 July 2022. 
Regulations applicable as of 1 July 2021 
As of 1 July 2021, pursuant to Section 30 (2a) Pfandbrief Act the administrator of a cover pool (Sachwalter, 
"Cover Pool Administrator") may extend the maturity of Pfandbriefe, including Pfandbriefe issued prior to 
1 July 2021, by up to twelve months. Further, the Cover Pool Administrator may defer the payment of any 
interest due within one month of its appointment to the end of this one-month period. Deferred amounts 
shall bear interest for the duration of the deferral pursuant to the conditions applicable until the deferral. 
Deferred interest payments shall be deemed to be principal amounts. 
Pursuant to Section 30 (2b) Pfandbrief Act, the Cover Pool Administrator may only extend the maturity of 
outstanding Pfandbriefe provided that (i) the extension of the maturity is necessary to avoid the illiquidity 
of 
the 
Pfandbriefbank 
with 
limited 
business 
activities 
(Pfandbriefbank 
mit 
beschränkter 
Geschäftstätigkeit), (ii) the Pfandbriefbank with limited business activities is not over-indebted and (iii) 
there is reason to believe that the Pfandbriefbank with limited business activities will be able to meet its 
liabilities due after expiry of the maximum possible extension period, taking into account further options 
to extend the maturity. Holders of Pfandbriefe should therefore note that neither the failure to redeem the 
Pfandbriefe nor the extension of the maturity will result in an event of default. Holders should further note 
that the extention of the maturity of one Pfandbrief issue may lead to the deferral of the maturity of other 
Pfandbrief issues. Due to the deferral and possibility to redeem Pfandbriefe at any time between the original 
maturity and the end of the deferral period, Holders would receive the outstanding principal amount later 
than expected or at an unexpected time and there is a risk that they may only be able to reinvest the amount 
to conditions less favorable compared to the market conditions at the time of the initial maturity. 
There are uncertainties as to possible changes in the legal interpretations in relation to the issuance of 
Pfandbriefe. These uncertainties could require increased costs of compliance for the Issuer or subject the 
Issuer to additional legal risk, which in turn could lead to lower revenues, cash flows and worsen the overall 
financial condition of the Issuer and potentially subsequently have an adverse effect on the economic or 
legal position of creditors of the Issuer.

--- Page 22 ---
- 17 - 
 
Regulations applicable from 8 July 2022 
Covered bonds issued before 8 July 2022 would be exempt from the requirements on overcollateralization 
and substitution assets and from most of the new requirements laid down in the Covered Bond Directive. 
European and German recovery and resolution legislation may have regulatory consequences that 
could restrict OLB's business activities and lead to higher refinancing costs. 
The BRRD and the single resolution mechanism ("SRM") supported by the single resolution fund (the 
"SRF") established by Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of July 15, 2014, as amended from time to time, 
most recently by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of May 20, 
2019 (the "SRM Regulation") provide for an EU-wide recovery and resolution regime for financial 
institutions established in the European Union, whereby the Single Resolution Board ("SRB") acting within 
the SRM exercises resolution powers in respect of such institutions and companies which are subject to 
direct prudential supervision by the ECB.  
OLB is not currently classified by the ECB as significant institution and hence not subject to the direct 
prudential supervision by the ECB, so that it is subject to the recovery and resolution regime of the BRRD, 
with BaFin acting as the national resolution authority. As a result of the BRRD (as transposed into German 
law by the SAG), among other things, (i) credit institutions and resolution authorities are obliged to draw 
up recovery and resolution plans on how to deal with situations of financial stress, (ii) competent authorities 
are entitled to take early intervention measures (as defined below), (iii) a set of resolution tools have been 
introduced that resolution authorities can apply to preserve critical functions without the need to bail out a 
credit institution (or its creditors) (such as the bail-in tool allowing to write-down debt owed by a credit 
institution to creditors or to convert it into equity), and (iv) resolution funds are being set-up to finance and 
facilitate the effective and efficient resolution of credit institutions.  
With respect to early intervention measures, the competent authority may (subject to certain conditions) 
take various actions and measures, e.g. require changes to legal/and or operational structures, require OLB 
to draw up detailed recovery plans setting out how stress scenarios or cases of systemic instability could be 
addressed or request reduction of OLB's risk profile, measures enabling recapitalization measures, 
improving the liquidity situation or otherwise require improvement actions regarding the resilience of the 
core business lines and critical functions and even require the management to be removed/replaced. 
Possible crisis prevention measures include, in addition to the early intervention measures, the power to 
write down or convert relevant capital instruments. 
If the conditions for resolution are met, BaFin may issue a resolution order involving principally four 
resolution tools: (i) sale of business, (ii) transfer to a bridge institution, (iii) asset separation and (iv) bail-
in, i.e., a full or partial write down or cancellation of eligible liabilities or the conversion thereof into shares 
or other CET1 capital instruments. However, certain types of liabilities, particularly covered deposits of up 
to EUR 100,000 and secured liabilities, are excluded from bail-in. To ensure that sufficient liabilities are 
available in a crisis in order to use the bail-in tool, the SAG requires institutions to maintain a minimum 
amount of liabilities eligible for bail-in. The amount of such liabilities is determined individually for each 
credit institution. Certain bail-in debt instruments, in particular long-term unsecured debt instruments are 
best suited to the bail-in tool. In addition, BaFin may make use of further powers, such as a temporary 
suspension of the enforcement of rights, claims and security interests. If resolution action or actions have 
been taken, BaFin must ensure that, immediately thereafter a valuation is carried out by an independent 
person to assess if and to what extent shareholders and creditors would have received better treatment if the 
institution under resolution had been subject to normal insolvency proceedings. If such assessment shows 
that creditors are worse off than they would have been in insolvency proceedings, such creditors are entitled 
to seek compensation from the German bank restructuring fund (Restrukturierungsfonds) (no creditor worse 
off principle).  
Any actions or measures taken based on the SAG and/or SRM Regulation could have a material adverse 
effect on the business, results of operations and financial position of OLB and limit or restrict OLB's ability 
to pay dividends or equivalent cash contributions to its shareholders, which could limit the ability of the 
Issuer to pay interest or principal on the Notes.

--- Page 23 ---
- 18 - 
 
OLB may fail to comply with the banking secrecy, privacy and data security regulations 
Evolving banking secrecy, privacy and data security regulations could damage OLB's reputation and cause 
losses. Regulatory authorities around the world have implemented or are considering a number of 
legislative changes or regulations concerning data protection and cybersecurity which have required or may 
require OLB to incur additional expenses.  
OLB is subject to German and European laws governing the protection of personal and confidential 
information of its customers or employees, which include the General Data Protection Regulation 
("GDPR"), 
a 
directly 
applicable 
EU 
regulation, and 
the 
Federal 
Data Protection 
Act 
(Bundesdatenschutzgesetz – "BDSG"). The BDSG principally includes implementation details and rule 
specifications that the GDPR has delegated to the EU member states to implement on a national level. In 
addition, OLB is subject to the requirement of banking secrecy, which applies through its general terms and 
conditions and contractual agreements with its customers.  
OLB must also comply with the rules of directives dealing with electronic communications and processing 
of client data, EU Directive 2002/53/EG dated July 12, 2002 and EU Directive 2009/136/EG. These 
directives govern various parts of online dealings and electronic communication with customers. Since 
2017, the EU has discussed a new ePrivacy Regulation with drafts of such regulation published by the EU 
Commission and the EU Parliament in 2017. The ePrivacy Regulation, once implemented, would introduce 
a more comprehensive set of rules for online privacy for customers, butat this time it is not foreseeable 
when the ePrivacy Regulation will be adopted. In July 2021, the European Parliament adopted a temporary 
derogation from certain provisions of Directive 2002/58/EC as regards the use of technologies by providers 
of number-independent interpersonal communications services (the "temporary Regulation"). The 
temporary Regulation is limited until 3 August 2024. In case the long-term legislation is adopted and enters 
into force before that date, it shall repeal the temporary Regulation. Taking into account that within the 
framework of the ePrivacy Regulation a transitional period of two years has to be assumed, an entry into 
force is not to be expected in Germany before 2023.  
The most important privacy regulation governing privacy matters in relation to OLB's employees and 
customers is the GDPR, alongside its implementation provisions in the BDSG. The GDPR regulates data 
protection for all individuals within the European Union, including foreign companies processing data of 
EU residents, it enhances individuals' rights, introduces complex and far-reaching company obligations and 
increases penalties significantly in case of violation. The GDPR sets out a number of requirements that 
must be complied with when handling personal data, including the obligation to appoint data protection 
officers in certain circumstances and the principal of accountability and the obligation to make public 
notification of significant data breaches.  
In particular, in Germany, which is the principal market of OLB, the interpretation and implementation of 
data protection laws have been a major topic in the mass media and are a constant part of the public political 
discussion. It is possible that these laws or cybersecurity regulations may be interpreted and applied in a 
manner that is inconsistent with OLB's data protection or security practices. If so, in addition to the 
possibility of fines, reputational damage due to negative press exposure and a potential loss of client trust 
in OLB, this will result in an order requiring that OLB changes its data practices, which could have an 
adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial position of OLB. Complying with these 
various laws will cause OLB to incur additional costs and could require OLB to change its business 
practices.  
The business of OLB is also subject to rules and guidelines published by BaFin in relation to the MaRisk 
and BAIT which include a substantial number of rules and guidelines relating to banks on how to handle 
IT and banking operational risks. These rules and guidelines have an impact on how OLB implements data 
protection laws in its IT and operational systems.  
OLB strives to comply with all applicable data protection laws and regulations, however, it is possible that 
OLB fails to comply with all such applicable laws and regulations. The failure or perceived failure to 
comply may result in inquiries and other proceedings or actions against OLB by government entities or 
others, including monetary fees, or could cause it to lose customers or cause damage to its reputation, which, 
in turn, could potentially have an adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial position 
of OLB.

--- Page 24 ---
- 19 - 
 
3. Risks relating to recent developments and future events  
Risks relating to COVID-19 
The coronavirus ("COVID-19") pandemic and its economic consequences could adversely affect the 
business, results of operations and financial position of the OLB Group. 
The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the operational and financial performance will 
depend on future developments. COVID-19 could continue to adversely affect workforces, economies and 
financial markets globally. It is not possible at this time to predict the duration and extent of the COVID-
19 impact on worldwide economic activity, and the business of OLB in particular. The continued spread of 
the virus and the measures taken by governments, businesses and other organizations in response could 
adversely impact the business, results of operations and financial position of OLB. For example, the global 
spread of COVID-19 has resulted in authorities implementing numerous measures to try to contain the 
virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, social distancing requirements, curfews, quarantines and shut 
downs, and has led to significant and ongoing economic and societal disruption, including significant 
market volatility.  
In Germany, which is the principal market of operation of OLB, state governments, in coordination with 
the German federal government, started imposing lockdown measures by the end of 2020. These measures 
included extensive mask mandates, social distancing rules, shop and school closures and, depending on the 
region and infection numbers, curfews.  
After the EU approved and started to administer various vaccines, general COVID-19 infections, 
hospitalizations and deaths levels have decreased throughout Europe, including in Germany, and 
restrictions have partially been eased. However, the threat of new outbreaks still remains high, including 
the ongoing risk of various coronavirus mutants such as the Delta and Omicron variants, and the risk that 
vaccines might not be effective against certain mutations of the coronavirus.  
The COVID-19 pandemic and its economic fallout have impacted economies and companies globally, also 
resulting in significant pressure on the financial health and security of OLB's customers, suppliers, vendors 
and other third parties that OLB relies upon. The spread of COVID-19 has led OLB to modify the business 
practices in line with German government guidelines. OLB immediately activated its crisis management 
team to implement the governmental guidelines into OLB guidelines and to manage unanticipated incidents 
resulting from COVID-19 that might impact the business: OLB restricted opening hours of the branch 
offices, introduced restrictions on employee travel, implemented changes to working locations, cancelled 
physical participation in meetings and took many more appropriate measures. 
As part of the overall COVID-19 measures, the German government introduced a regulation in January 
2021 (the "SARS-COV-2-Arbeitssschutzverordnung") which requires German companies, if working from 
home is possible for a particular job, to offer the technical capabilities to work from home. The regulation 
took effect on 27 January 2021 and was temporarily in force until 30 June 2021. After the determination of 
an epidemic situation of national importance was repealed on 25 November 2021, the German Bundestag 
passed a law amending the German Protection against Infectious Diseases Act and other acts (Gesetz zur 
Änderung des Infektionsschutzgesetzes und weiterer Gesetze anlässlich der Aufhebung der Feststellung der 
epidemischen Lage von nationaler Tragweite), which, inter alia, extended the applicability of the SARS-
COV-2-Arbeitssschutzverordnung until 19 March 2022. Accordingly, the basic regulations for workplace 
infection control continue to apply, and additionally an extended testing obligation in certain facilities was 
introduced and only recovered, vaccinated or tested individuals are permitted to enter their workplace (so-
called 3G regulation). On 2 December 2021 the German Federal Government and the federal states 
(Länder) agreed on further measures, including allowing access to facilities and events for cultural and 
recreational purposes such as cinemas, theaters or restaurants, as well as to retailers (with the exception of 
businesses active in retail of daily consumer goods) only to individuals who are vaccinated or recovered 
(so-called 2G regulation). Pursuant to a ruling of 7 January 2022 and in reaction to the spreading of the 
Omicron variant, nationwide the access to gastronomy was further limited so that even vaccinated 
individuals require a negative test result unless having received the third vaccination (so-called 2G Plus 
regulation).  
In compliance with such regulation, OLB provided its employees with a virtual desktop accessible through 
their privately owned equipment, invited and still encourages its employees to work from home whenever 
possible. As a result of the shift to a remote working environment, there is a risk that business operations

--- Page 25 ---
- 20 - 
 
will be disrupted due to, among others, cybersecurity attacks or data security incidents, higher than 
anticipated web traffic and call volumes as well as lack of sufficient broadband internet connectivity for 
employees and third parties working from home.  
In addition to the regulations on a federal level, it is possible that the individual federal states (Länder) 
adopt further measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19. 
Other measures taken by OLB in response to COVID-19 include, among others, maximum occupancy 
thresholds for the branch offices, defined customer numbers for each branch office based on floor space, 
(social distancing) rules for communal spaces such as pantries and the staff restaurant, plexiglass shields 
for front-office counters and surgical masks for front-office staff, and individual offices for employees who 
cannot work from home. 
However, these measures may not be effective in preventing the spread of COVID-19 among employees. 
Illnesses suffered by key employees could prevent or delay the performance of critical business and 
financial reporting functions. In light of OLB's multichannel offering and strong dependence on the 
availability of its employees to continuously service customers, widespread illnesses suffered by its 
employees and/or the unavailability of staff may render OLB unable to perform normal business functions 
and operate the business on a day-to-day basis, which in turn could adversely impact the quality and 
continuity of service to customers and, as such, OLB's reputation and competitiveness.  
In addition, the impact of COVID-19 has called, and may continue to call, into question the actions and 
commercial soundness of other financial institutions and has highlighted the potential impact to market 
liquidity. OLB also may be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic due to its direct and indirect impact on 
the financial condition of customers or other counterparties, including increasing the risk of impairments 
or defaults by customers and counterparties under loans and other contractual arrangements. By virtue of 
its nature and generally higher probability to be affected by the COVID-19 impact, OLB has seen, and may 
continue to see, increased credit risk in the Commercial Real Estate Financing and Acquisition Financing 
sub-divisions of the Specialized Lending division of OLB due to higher level of impairments given the 
particular importance of steady cash flows of the underlying businesses to be able to service the relevant 
loan products. If the businesses of customers or other counterparties are affected by a global decrease in 
economic activity, that may adversely affect their ability to meet their obligations towards OLB, which in 
turn may affect the results and financial condition of OLB. 
The ECB announced a series of measures to contain the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on European 
Union (EU) economies, including temporarily increasing banks' liquidity provisions, as well as lowering 
regulatory capital and liquidity requirements. As part of these temporary measures, the ECB increased its 
targeted longer-term refinancing operations (TLTRO III) under more favorable terms as well as its financial 
asset purchase program, while refraining from lowering the ultralow interest rates further. The temporary 
suspension of buffer requirements for regulatory capital and the liquidity coverage ratio ("LCR") gives 
banks, including OLB, greater flexibility and additional leeway to absorb the economic impacts, such as 
asset-quality declines. Overall, the package aims to help the banks continue to finance corporates and small 
and medium-sized businesses suffering from the effects of the COVID-19 outbreak. Changes to the terms 
and conditions of TLTRO III have been extended to June 2022, while in relation to the LCR, the ECB has 
not specified when it would expect banks which have previously used their liquidity buffers to once again 
comply with the general 100% minimum level. There is no certainty that any such measures will be 
sufficient to enable banks, including OLB, to absorb the economic impacts from COVID-19 and there is 
no certainty that such measures will remain in place until the recovery proves sustainable. Further, there is 
no certainty that any such measures will have a positive effect on the general macro-economic conditions, 
including the risk that they may trigger inflationary conditions, which could in turn affect the operations 
and financial results of OLB.  
Additionally, in May 2020, the German government announced a large economic stimulus package in an 
initial amount of EUR 353.3 billion as well as business guarantees of EUR 819.7 billion. The German 
government's support has been crucial for corporate borrowers across all German industries and in 
particular in industries immediately hurt by the COVID-19 pandemic such as airlines, tourism, retail and 
the shipping sector, as well as smaller companies experiencing weak liquidity and high leverage. At the 
same time, the German government made it easier to access its short-work scheme (Kurzarbeit) and 
extended it to a broader pool of workers (such special arrangements for short-work scheme (Kurzarbeit) 
having been extended until 31 March 2022), which has helped to keep German unemployment relatively 
low and partially compensated the fall in domestic consumption. OLB did not have any of its employees

--- Page 26 ---
- 21 - 
 
enrolled in the Kurzarbeit scheme. The German government's measures have been modified, adapted and 
further expanded over the course of the pandemic in accordance with the evolution of the economic effects 
of the pandemic. The assistance program and further economic packages in 2021 have reversed Germany's 
conservative fiscal policies and resulted in the temporary suspension of Germany's fiscal stability policies 
which require generally balanced fiscal budgets. However, no assurance can be given that any such stimulus 
measures would be sufficient to avoid, or reduce, the deterioration of the macro-economic environment in 
which OLB operates. 
As many of the direct and indirect effects resulting from the COVID-19 outbreaks are still active, 
developing and, as such, unknown, it is not possible at this time to provide a definitive estimate and/or 
prediction of the direct or indirect effects that COVID-19 may have on business, results of operations or 
financial position of OLB. Accordingly, any assessment as to underwriting or investment exposure which 
the Issuer in relation to the Notes makes at this time represents the Issuer's current best estimates based on 
risk management processes, impairments and provisioning and may be subject to significant further 
variation or amendment as circumstances develop or outcomes become clearer. 
The factors described above could, together or individually, have a material adverse impact on business, 
results of operations and financial position of OLB. Its disclosures should at all times be read in the context 
of the evolving COVID-19 crisis and the related uncertainties, whether or not specific reference is made 
thereto, given the potentially pervasive and fundamental effects of the pandemic on the business of OLB. 
Risks relating to the Russia-Ukraine war 
In the context of the Russian-Ukrainian war started February 2022, the Management Board set up a crisis 
team that will continue to analyse the developments and possible effects on clients and the Bank in general. 
The Bank is monitoring further developments in order to be able to react appropriately in case of possible 
consequences for clients or for the general banking business. According to current knowledge, the Bank is 
not directly affected by the events; in particular, so far no significant credit losses occurred. How the 
announced political sanctions will affect the business of commercial customers in particular (especially in 
the energy and utilities sector as well as in export financing) and what further consequences may arise from 
this must be examined in direct exchanges with affected customers. Likewise, no forecast can yet be made 
about the effects of market price risks, especially the development of interest rates. 
OLB may incur losses as a result of unforeseen or catastrophic events, including sanitary crises, 
terrorist attacks or natural disasters. 
OLB remains dependent on its natural and social environment. The occurrence of a new epidemic or 
pandemic crisis (such as the COVID-19 crisis) or a crisis related to the pollution of the natural environment 
could have a significant impact on the activities of OLB. Also, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, extreme 
weather conditions, or major social unrest could disturb its activities. Such events could create economic 
and financial disruptions or lead to operational difficulties, including travel limitations or relocation of 
affected employees. These events could impair the ability of OLB to manage its businesses and also expose 
its banking activities to significant losses and increased costs. 
B. Risk Factors relating to the Instruments 
The risk factors regarding the Instruments are presented in the following categories: 
• 
Risks related to the payout of the Instruments 
• 
Risks related to the status of the Notes 
• 
Risks related to early termination 
• 
Risks related to references rates 
• 
Risks related to the investment in the Instruments 
• 
Risks related to tax and legal matters

--- Page 27 ---
- 22 - 
 
1. Risks related to the payout of the Instruments 
Risks relating to Fixed Rate Instruments Option I of the Terms and Conditions for senior Fixed Rate 
Notes and Options IV of the Terms and Conditions for Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe 
Risks relating to Fixed Rate Instruments 
A Holder of an Instrument with fixed interest rates ("Fixed Rate Instrument") is exposed to the risk that 
the price of such Instrument falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate. While the nominal interest 
rate of a Fixed Rate Instrument as specified in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such 
Instruments, the current interest rate on the capital market ("market interest rate") typically changes on a 
daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of a Fixed Rate Instrument also changes, but in 
the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of a Fixed Rate Instrument typically 
falls, until the yield of such Instruments is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market 
interest rate falls, the price of a Fixed Rate Instrument typically increases, until the yield of such Instruments 
is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the Holder of a Fixed Rate Instrument holds such 
Instruments until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without relevance to such Holder as the 
Instruments will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount of such 
Instruments. 
Risks relating to Callable Fixed Rate Reset Notes 
The holders of the Notes are exposed to the risk that the price of the Notes falls as a result of changes in the 
market interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of a fixed rate note is fixed during the life of such notes, 
the current interest rate on the capital market ("market interest rate") typically changes on a daily basis. As 
the market interest rate changes, the price of a fixed rate note also changes, but in the opposite direction. If 
the market interest rate increases, the price of a fixed rate note typically falls, until the yield of such notes 
is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the price of a fixed rate 
reset note typically increases, until the yield of such notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate. 
If the holder of Notes holds such Notes until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without 
relevance to such holder as the Notes will be redeemed at the principal amount of the Notes. 
The same risk applies to notes which bear different fixed interest rates for different interest periods, such 
as the Notes. In addition, the holders of the Notes are exposed to the risk that the interest rate for the interest 
periods commencing on the Call Redemption Date is lower than the rate of interest for the previous interest 
periods. According to the conditions of issue, the interest rate for the interest periods commencing on Call 
Redemption Date are calculated on an interest level, which is equal to a particular swap rate plus a margin 
per annum. Such swap rates are subject to fluctuation.  
Risks relating to Floating Rate Instruments Option II of the Terms and Conditions for senior 
Floating Rate Notes and Options V of the Terms and Conditions for Floating Rate Pfandbriefe 
Risks relating to Floating Rate Instruments 
Instruments with floating interest rates ("Floating Rate Instrument") can be volatile investments. A 
Holder of a Floating Rate Instrument with reference to a money market rate such as the Euribor or of a 
Floating Rate Instrument at a rate determined on the basis of the annual fixed leg of a fixed-for-floating 
euro interest swap transaction is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest 
income, which could even result in no interest payments at all. As the Instruments are governed by German 
law, interest will not be negative. However, fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine 
the profitability of Floating Rate Instruments in advance. 
If Floating Rate Instruments are structured to include multipliers or other leverage factors, a positive or 
negative margin or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, 
their market value may be more volatile than those for securities that do not include these features. If the 
amount of interest payable is determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference 
to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the interest rates on interest payable will be 
magnified. The effect of a cap is that the amount of interest will never rise above and beyond the 
predetermined cap, so that the holder will not be able to benefit from any actual favorable development 
beyond the cap. The yield could therefore be considerably lower than that of similar Floating Rate 
Instruments without a cap.

--- Page 28 ---
- 23 - 
 
Floating Rate Instruments with an inverse interest structure have an interest rate which is determined as the 
difference between a fixed interest rate and a floating rate which means that interest income on such 
Instruments falls if the reference interest rate increases. Typically, the market value of Floating Rate 
Instruments with an inverse interest structure is more volatile than the market value of other more 
conventional floating rate instruments based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable 
terms). Floating Rate Instruments with an inverse interest structure are more volatile because an increase 
in the reference rate not only decreases the interest payable on the Instruments, but may also reflect an 
increase in prevailing interest rates, which may further adversely affect the market value of such 
Instruments. 
Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication of 
the future development of such floating rate during the term of any Instruments. 
Risks in connection with Caps 
If the interest rate of an issue of Instruments is not fixed but will be determined according to the structure 
of Instruments as set out in the relevant Final Terms of the Instruments, these issues may also be equipped 
with a cap. The effect of a cap is that the amount of interest will never rise above and beyond the 
predetermined cap, so that the Holder will not be able to benefit from any actual favorable development 
beyond the cap. The yield could therefore be considerably lower than that of similarly structured 
Instruments without a cap. 
2. Risks related to the status of the Notes 
Risks relating to subordinated Notes 
The obligations under subordinated Notes constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
except for such unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer which are preferred by statutory 
provisions or which are subordinated by virtue of their terms or by statutory provisions, including according 
to § 46f (7a) KWG. In the event of the dissolution, liquidation, insolvency or other proceedings for the 
avoidance of insolvency of, or against, the Issuer, such obligations will be subordinated to the claims of all 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer and to the claims of all subordinated creditors of the Issuer whose 
obligations are prior ranking according to applicable law or the terms of such obligation, so that in any such 
event no amounts shall be payable under such obligations until the claims of all unsubordinated and all 
prior ranking subordinated creditors of the Issuer shall have been satisfied in full. 
Risks in relation to subordination and changes in the hierarchy of claims in respect of Notes 
In transposition of a requirement under the BRRD, in § 46f (5) to (7) KWG the German legislator changed 
the hierarchy of claims (Haftungskaskade) in regular insolvency proceedings and implemented a 
preferential treatment for certain claims of depositors. Hence, Holders might rank below certain depositors' 
claims and therefore have an increased likelihood of being subject to the risks arising from resolution 
measures. 
The resolution regime applicable to credit institutions stipulates that holders of common equity tier 1 capital 
instruments (as shareholders) and holders of other own funds instruments shall bear losses first and that 
creditors shall bear losses after such holders of common equity tier 1 capital and other own funds 
instruments generally in accordance with the order of creditors applicable in regular insolvency 
proceedings. As an expression of the so called no creditor worse-off principle (NCWO), creditors should 
generally not incur a greater loss than they would have incurred if the institution had been wound up under 
regular insolvency proceedings. However, the NCWO principle does not dissallow the ability of the 
competent resolution authority to use any resolution tool or measure, but only leads to a potential 
compensation claim that may be raised by the affected person. In a resolution scenario applicable to a credit 
institution, the competent resolution authority will, in general, take measures under the bail-in tool in a 
particular sequence so that (i) common equity tier 1 capital instruments being written down first in 
proportion to the relevant losses, (ii) thereafter, the principal amount of other capital instruments (additional 
tier 1 capital instruments and tier 2 capital instruments) being written down on a permanent basis or 
converted into common equity tier 1 capital instruments in accordance with their order of priority and (iii) 
thereafter, certain eligible liabilities (potentially including some liabilities under and in connection with 
Notes other than subordinated Notes) in accordance with the hierarchy of claims of the Issuer's creditors in

--- Page 29 ---
- 24 - 
 
normal insolvency proceedings being written down on a permanent basis or converted into common equity 
tier 1 capital instruments. 
Pursuant to § 46f (5) KWG obligations of the Issuer under certain senior unsecured debt instruments 
(Schuldtitel) as defined in § 46f (6) KWG would, in the event of initiation of insolvency proceedings or the 
implementation of resolution measures affecting the Issuer rank junior to all other outstanding senior 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer ("non-preferred senior debt"). This order of priority would apply to 
insolvency proceedings or in the event of resolution measures commenced on or after 1 January 2017 and 
would also affect any senior unsecured debt instruments outstanding at this time. As a consequence, this 
could lead to increased losses for creditors of non-preferred senior debt in a regular insolvency scenario 
and consequently also when resolution measures are implemented, in particular by application of the bail-
in tool. Instruments constituting senior unsecured debt instruments issued by reference to this Prospectus 
could be considered to be non-preferred senior debt. 
In addition, Holders of non-preferred senior debt instruments are exposed to risks associated therewith, in 
particular, without limitation, that the potential subordination negatively affects the market value of the 
Notes, a reduced liquidity for trading such Notes or reduced options to successfully post Notes as (ECB) 
central bank collateral or for other collateral purposes. 
The changes to the KWG furthermore provide that debt instruments issued before the entry into force of 
the implementing act are still considered non-preferred senior debt, if they fulfil the conditions of the KWG 
in its version of 23 December 2016 (i.e. also when there was no contractual provision as non-preferred 
senior debt at the issue date). In insolvency proceedings, non-preferred senior debt issued in accordance 
with the KWG in the version of 23 December 2016 have the same rank in insolvency proceedings as non-
preferred senior debt in accordance with the amended KWG implementing the proposed changes. 
Also, it cannot be excluded that the hierarchy of claims will be further amended (also with retroactive 
effect) including with the result of a subordinated treatment and thereby allocating claims in relation to 
Notes (affecting claims under certain Notes partially or wholly) to have a lower and subordinated ranking 
in comparison to claims of ordinary unsecured non-preferred creditors of the Issuer. 
Risks of total loss due to regulatory measures in respect of Notes 
In the event of a crisis of the Issuer and thus, already prior to any liquidation or insolvency or such 
procedures being instigated, investors will be exposed to a risk of suffering a partial or full loss of their 
invested capital, or that the Notes or other debt will be subject to a conversion into one or more equity 
instruments (e.g. shares) of the Issuer. Extraordinary public financial support for troubled banks, if any, 
may only be used as a last resort after having assessed and exploited, to the maximum extent practicable, 
the resolution measures, including the bail-in tool. 
Prospective investors in the subordinated Notes should note that they are issued with the intention of being 
recognized as tier 2 capital pursuant to CRR, the SRM Regulation, the SAG as well as the BRRD and the 
related bail-in tool. Prospective investors in subordinated instruments should in particular take into 
consideration that they may be significantly affected by such aforementioned procedures and measures 
(which may lead to the loss of the entire investment). Further, any other creditor of the Issuer may also be 
affected by such measures. 
As a consequence, the Single Resolution Board established by the European Union as a central resolution 
authority (the "Board") or any other competent resolution authority might in any such situation be entitled, 
inter alia, to demand that any interest may not be paid and that the nominal amount of Notes (and in 
particular subordinated Notes) be reduced to zero, variation of the terms and conditions of the Notes in 
other aspects (e.g. variation of the maturity of a debt instrument) or impose other regulatory measures, 
including, but not limited to, conversion of the respective Notes or any other debt into one or more equity 
instruments (e.g. capital stock). Any such regulatory measure may release the Issuer from its obligations 
under the terms and conditions of the Notes or any other debt. In such circumstances, Holders would not 
be entitled to terminate, or otherwise demand early redemption of, the Notes or any other debt, or to exercise 
any other rights in this respect. In this context, in particular the hierarchy of claims of the Issuer's creditors 
in normal insolvency proceedings and the liability cascade provided for by the applicable resolution 
framework must be taken into account.

--- Page 30 ---
- 25 - 
 
Also, the aforementioned measures may produce comparable results from an economic point of view for 
creditors concerned, e.g. the initial debtor (i.e. the Issuer) may be replaced by another debtor (who may 
have a fundamentally different risk profile or creditworthiness than the Issuer). Alternatively, the claims of 
bank creditors against the institution concerned may continue to exist while the institution's assets, its area 
of activity or creditworthiness are no longer the same. Alternatively, the claims may remain with the 
original debtor, but the Issuer's legal or economic situation regarding the debtor's assets, business activity 
and/or creditworthiness may not be identical (and may have significantly deteriorated compared to the 
situation prevailing prior to the application of the relevant measure), to the situation prior to the application 
of the measure. 
Further, even though any measure, tool or power in connection with the resolution regime of the SRM may 
not in all cases directly interfere with the rights of Holders or other creditors of the Issuer, already the mere 
fact that the Board or another competent authority prepares or applies any such measure, tool or power 
towards the Issuer or even a different credit institution may have a negative effect, e.g. on the market value, 
pricing or liquidity of liabilities issued by the Issuer, their volatility, on the rating of the Issuer or on the 
Issuer's ability to refinance itself or its refinancing costs or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the 
operating results and financial position of the Issuer. 
Risks in connection with a resolution regime and "bail-in rules" for credit institutions in respect of 
Notes 
The Notes are subject to provisions enabling the competent resolution authorities to apply under certain 
circumstances loss absorbency regimes to the Notes, even if such regimes are not referred to in the Terms 
and Conditions or the Final Terms. The consequence of such loss absorbency rules is that the investors of 
the Notes would have to share in the losses of the Issuer, might lose the value of their entire investment or 
their rights might be severely affected. 
These provisions are inter alia laid down in the SAG which implemented the BRRD into German law. 
Additionally and in addition to the BRRD, within the European Union ("EU") a SRM was established by 
the SRM Regulation, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms and a Single Resolution Fund. The predominant part of the 
provisions of the SRM Regulation is applicable since 1 January 2016. 
As a result of the SRM Regulation, most of the responsibilities of the national resolution authorities in the 
relevant Member State under the BRRD were shifted from the national level to the European level, in 
particular to the Board, for the purposes of a centralised and uniform application of the resolution regime 
for those credit institutions that are considered to be systemically relevant. The Board may adopt resolution 
decisions, write down capital instruments and take other early intervention measures in collaboration with 
the respective national resolution authority. The obligation to meet minimum requirements of eligible 
liabilities may increase the Issuer's refinancing costs and may adversely affect its ability to meet the 
payment obligations under the Notes. 
Besides, the Board is inter alia responsible for resolution planning of the credit institutions which are 
directly supervised by the ECB, and for, setting the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities ("MREL"). 
Further, as a result of the interplay of the SRM and the BRRD (as nationally transposed) among other 
things, (i) credit institutions and resolution authorities are obliged to draw up recovery and resolution plans 
on how to deal with situations of financial stress, (ii) competent authorities are entitled to take early 
intervention measures, (iii) a set of resolution tools which resolution authorities can apply to preserve 
critical functions without the need to bail out a credit institution (or its creditors) has been introduced, and 
(iv) resolution funds are being set up to finance and facilitate the effective and efficient resolution of credit 
institutions. 
With respect to the above mentioned early intervention measures, the competent authority may take various 
actions and measures, depending on the relevant situation, e.g. require changes to legal/and or operational 
structures, require the drawing up of detailed recovery plans which set out how stress scenarios or cases of 
systemic instability could be addressed or request reduction of the Issuer's risk profile, measures enabling 
recapitalization measures, improving the liquidity situation or otherwise require improvement actions 
regarding the resilience of the core business lines and critical functions and even require the management 
to be removed/replaced.

--- Page 31 ---
- 26 - 
 
Any such legal provisions and/or regulatory measures may severely affect the rights of the Holders and 
may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes also prior to the effectiveness of such measures 
or resolution. 
Holders are further subject to the risk of the application of the so-called bail-in tool. Pursuant to this measure 
claims for payment of principal, interest or other amounts under the Notes may be subject to a permanent 
reduction, including to zero, variations of the terms and conditions of the Notes in other aspects (e.g. 
changes of the debt instrument's maturity) or a conversion into one or more instruments that constitute 
common equity tier 1 capital instruments (such as share capital) by intervention of the competent resolution 
authorities. These measures entail the risk that creditors such as Holders whose claims are affected (i) suffer 
a partial or complete write-down of the nominal amount of their outstanding claim, (ii) may otherwise lose 
all or part of their investment e.g. by being subject to a permanent reduction, including to zero, or variation 
of the terms and conditions of the Notes in other aspects (e.g. extention of the maturity of a debt instrument) 
or (iii) receive shares or other instruments of the core capital (hartes Kernkapital) in exchange for their 
claims (whereby such equity instruments may be highly diluted and have a value close to zero). Pursuant 
to the applicable provisions, any write-down (or conversion) in accordance with the bail-in tool or the write-
down tool would not constitute an event of default under the terms of the relevant instruments. 
Consequently, any amounts so written down would be irrevocably lost and the holders of such instruments 
would cease to have any claims thereunder. The competent resolution authority may however, restore the 
position of the holders of bail-in or write-down instruments should the position of the respective institution 
improve. Payments made in breach of the order of the competent resolution authority would have to be 
reimbursed. 
In addition to the bail-in tool, the competent resolution authorities may apply a broad range of other 
resolution tools, measures and powers. This includes inter alia the formation of a bridge institution 
(Brückeninstitut), the sale of the relevant entity (Unternehmensveräußerung) or its shares or the separation 
of valuable assets from the impaired assets of a failing credit institution, any transfer of rights and 
obligations (such as the Issuer's obligations under the Notes) to another entity, other amendment of the 
terms and conditions of the Notes (including their cancellation) or even the change of the legal form of the 
Issuer. 
These aforementioned tools, measures and powers are binding on the Holders. Therefore, Holders would 
in particular have no claim or any other right against the Issuer arising out of any resolution measure to 
make payments under the Notes or relevant other securities against the Issuer. This would occur if the Issuer 
is considered to be systemically relevant and becomes, or is deemed by the competent authority to have 
become, failing or likely to fail (in particular if its continued existence is at risk (Bestandsgefährdung)) or, 
alternatively, require extraordinary public financial support and certain other conditions are met (as set 
forth in the SRM Regulation, the SAG and other applicable rules and regulations). 
Whether, and if, to which extent the Instruments (if not or not fully exempted by way of protective 
provisions) may be subject to aforementioned tools, powers and measures (in particular resolution tools 
such as the bail-in tool) will depend on a number of factors that are outside of the Issuer's control, and it 
will be difficult to predict when, if at all, this may occur. The exercise of any resolution measure would in 
particular not constitute any right of a creditor to terminate the Notes. In case the Issuer is subject to any 
resolution measure exercised by a competent resolution authority, Holders and other creditors of the Issuer 
face the risk that they may lose all or part of their investment, including the principal amount plus any 
accrued interest, or that the obligations under the Notes are subject to any change or variation in the terms 
and conditions of the Notes (which change will be to the detriment of the Holder), or that the Notes would 
be transferred to another entity (which may lead to a detrimental credit exposure) or are subject to any other 
measure if resolution measures occur. 
3. Risks related to early termination 
Risk of Early Redemption in respect of Senior Notes 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specify otherwise, in the 
event that the relevant Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due 
to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf 
of the Federal Republic of Germany or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof

--- Page 32 ---
- 27 - 
 
having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the applicable 
Conditions. 
In respect of certain Notes such as MREL-eligible Notes specific restrictions and limitations relating to 
their early redemption apply. In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final 
Terms specify that the Notes are redeemable at the relevant Issuer's option, the Issuer may choose to redeem 
the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances an investor 
may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as 
high as that of the relevant Instruments. 
Risk of Early Redemption in respect of Pfandbriefe 
If in the case of any particular Tranche of Pfandbriefe the relevant Final Terms specify that the Pfandbriefe 
are redeemable at the relevant Issuer's option, the Issuer may choose to redeem the Pfandbriefe at times 
when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the 
relevant Pfandbrief. 
Risk of Early Redemption in respect of subordinated Notes 
If in the case of any particular Tranche of subordinated Notes the relevant Final Terms specify that the 
Notes are redeemable at the relevant Issuer's option, the Issuer may at its option, by giving prior notice, 
early redeem the Notes if at least five years have passed since the issue of the Notes, subject to the fulfilment 
of certain further conditions, in particular, the permission of the competent authority must have been 
granted. In this context, it should be noted that it is not yet clear how applicable CRR II requirements will 
be construed by competent authorities. Delegated legislations may be enacted or regulatory guidances may 
be published which effectively modify these requirements. In the event of an early redemption an investor 
may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as 
high as that of the relevant Notes. 
The Issuer may at its option, by giving prior notice, early redeem the subordinated Notes before five years 
have passed since the issue of the Notes if there is a change in the regulatory classification of those 
instruments that would be likely to result in their exclusion from own funds and certain further conditions 
are met, in particular, the permission of the competent authority must have been granted. In this context, it 
should be noted that it is not yet clear how applicable CRR II requirements will be construed by competent 
authorities. Delegated legislation may be enacted which modifies these requirements. In the event of an 
early redemption an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security 
at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant notes. 
If in the case of any particular Tranche of subordinated Notes the relevant Final Terms specify that the 
Notes are redeemable for reasons of taxation, the Issuer may at its option, by giving prior notice, early 
redeem the Notes if in case of a material change of the applicable tax treatment, subject to the fulfilment of 
certain further conditions, in particular the competent authority granting permission. In this context, it 
should be noted that it is not yet clear how applicable CRR II requirements will be construed by competent 
authorities. Delegated legislation may be enacted which modifies these requirements. In the event of an 
early redemption an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security 
at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant notes. 
4. Risks related to reference rates 
Floating Rate Instruments with reference to a reference rate such as the Euribor and callable fixed rate reset 
Notes where the interest reset is linked to a swap rate have in common that their interest rate is determined 
on the basis of a rate or an index that is considered as "benchmark" (each a "Benchmark" and together, the 
"Benchmarks"). Benchmarks have become the subject of regulatory scrutiny and recent national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective 
whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform differently 
than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Instruments linked to such a Benchmark. 
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include the European Council's regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts

--- Page 33 ---
- 28 - 
 
or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU 
and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmark Regulation") which is fully applicable since 
1 January 2018. 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on Instruments linked to a Benchmark, including 
in any of the following circumstances: 
• 
a rate or index which is a Benchmark may only be used if its administrator (as defined in the 
Benchmark-Regulation) obtains authorization or is registered and in case of an administrator which 
is based in a non-EU jurisdiction, if the administrator's legal benchmark system is considered 
equivalent (Article 30 Benchmark Regulation), the administrator is recognized (Article 32 
Benchmark Regulation) or the Benchmarks is endorsed (Article 33 Benchmark Regulation). If this 
is not the case, Instruments linked to such Benchmarks could be impacted; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark could be changed in order to comply with the 
terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could have 
an impact on the Instruments, including Calculation Agent determination of the rate. 
Benchmarks could also be discontinued entirely. For example, on 27 July 2017, the United Kingdom 
Financial Conduct Authority announced that it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for 
the calculation of the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") benchmark after 2021. On 5 March 2021, 
the Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") confirmed that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be 
provided or no longer be representative immediately after 31 December 2021 (save for U.S. dollar LIBOR 
in relation to overnight, one, three, six and twelve months rates, which are expected to cease to be published 
after 30 June 2023). If a Benchmark is discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest for 
Floating Rate Instruments which are linked to such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period 
by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Instruments, which in the end could result in the same rate 
being applied until maturity of the Floating Rate Instruments, effectively turning the floating rate of interest 
into a fixed rate of interest. 
Moreover, the availability of major reference rates such as Euribor, major swap rates or potential successors 
remains unclear and is not guaranteed during the terms of the relevant Instruments. It is not possible to 
predict whether, and to what extent, administrators will receive sufficient submissions by panel banks to 
determine the relevant reference rates or swap rates or whether the relevant reference rate or swap rate will 
be administered and compiled in the same manner as present. This may cause the reference rate to perform 
differently than it did in the past and may have other consequences that cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a Benchmark. 
The Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision of Benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
Benchmark and the use of a Benchmark within the EU. It requires, among other things, (i) Benchmark 
administrators to be authorized or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognized or endorsed), and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of Benchmarks 
of administrators that are not authorized or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognized or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom (the "UK") by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks 
and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities 
of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorized by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, 
if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing Euribor or 
any other Benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the Euribor or such other 
Benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation. Such 
changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level of the Euribor or such other Benchmark. 
Investors should be aware that, if a reference rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the Terms 
and Conditions of the Instruments provide for certain adjustment provisions. Such adjustment provisions 
will include the possibility that the relevant rate of interest could be set or, as the case may be, determined

--- Page 34 ---
- 29 - 
 
by reference to a successor rate (the "Successor Rate") or an alternative rate (the "Alternative Rate") (as 
applicable) and such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) may be adjusted (if required). This 
determination would be tasked to an independent adviser appointed by the Issuer, which must be an 
independent financial institution or independent financial adviser. In addition, the Issuer may also 
determine that other amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Instruments (e.g. specify an interest 
rate adjustment factor) are necessary in order to follow market practice in relation to the relevant Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) and to meet the economic content of the Notes before the 
occurrence of the before mentioned events. Alternatively, the Issuer is entitled to a special redemption right. 
If the Issuer cannot appoint an independent adviser or if the independent adviser cannot determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate following a discontinuation of a relevant Benchmark, the last 
determined rate of the discontinued Benchmark will continue to apply for future interest periods of the 
relevant Notes until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate was determined in accordance with the fallback 
provisions. 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmark Regulation or other initiatives, could have a 
material adverse effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or 
otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Although it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the above-mentioned changes and/or 
any further changes in the administration or method of determining a Benchmark could have an effect on 
the value of any Instruments linked to the relevant Benchmark, investors should be aware that any changes 
to a relevant Benchmark may have a material adverse effect on the value of any Instruments linked to such 
Benchmark. 
5. Risks related to the investment in the Instruments 
Market Price Risk 
The market value of the Instruments will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of 
additional factors, including the market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the Maturity Date. 
Liquidity Risk 
Instruments issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and 
for which there is currently no active trading market. If the Instruments are traded after their initial issuance, 
they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the 
market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. 
Although application may be made for the Instruments issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange which is a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II, or other stock exchanges, there is no assurance that such applications will be 
accepted, that any particular Tranche of Instruments will be so admitted or that an active trading market 
will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market 
for any particular Tranche of Instruments. Consequently, any investor in an Instrument must be prepared 
to hold the Instruments until the maturity date or final redemption of such Instruments. 
Currency Risk 
Prospective investors in the Instruments should be aware that an investment in the Instruments may involve 
exchange rate risks. 
If an Instrument is denominated in a foreign currency, the Holder is exposed to the risk of changes in 
currency exchange rates which may affect the yield of such Instrument. 
For example, a change in the value of any foreign currency against the euro will result in a corresponding 
change in the euro value of an Instrument denominated in a currency other than euro. If the underlying 
exchange rate falls and the value of the euro correspondingly rises, the price of the Instrument expressed in 
euro falls. 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive 
less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 35 ---
- 30 - 
 
General Risks in respect of Structured Instruments 
In general, an investment in the Instruments by which the interest is determined by reference to one or more 
values of interest rates or other indices or formulae, either directly or inversely, may entail significant risks 
not associated with similar investments in a conventional debt security. Such risks include the risks that the 
Holder of such Instruments will receive no interest at all, or that the resulting interest rate will be less than 
that payable on a conventional debt security at the same time. In addition, investors should be aware that 
the market price of such Instruments may be very volatile (depending on the volatility of the relevant 
interest rate, index or formula). 
Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant interest rates or index or formulae should be 
taken as an indication of future performance of such interest rates or index or formulae during the term of 
any such Instruments. 
No Event of Default provisions 
The Terms and Conditions of the Instruments do not provide for any right of early redemption for the 
Holders upon the occurrence of an event of default. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any interest 
payment or other obligation under the Instruments, the Holders will have no right to accelerate repayment 
of the principal amount of the Instruments. 
Credit Ratings May Not Reflect All Risks 
Independent credit rating agencies may assign a credit rating to the Instruments. The rating may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risk related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Instruments. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. Any change or withdrawal 
of the credit rating assigned to the Issuer and/or the relevant Notes by one or more of the credit rating 
agencies may adversely affect the cost and terms and conditions of the Issuer's financings. In addition, in 
the event of a change, suspension or withdrawal of a credit rating, the price and the market value of the 
Notes may be affected. As a result, an investor may incur financial losses as he may only be able to sell the 
Notes at a lower price. 
6. Risks related to tax and legal matters 
Taxation risk 
Prospective investors and sellers of the Instruments should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes 
or other documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the 
Instruments are transferred to or of other jurisdictions. In addition, prospective investors are advised to ask 
for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, sale and 
redemption of the Instruments. Only these advisors are in a position to duly consider the specific situation 
of the prospective investor. 
No Tax Gross-up 
In the event of the imposition of a withholding or deduction by way of tax on payments of interest and / or 
principal under the Instruments, no additional amounts will be paid to the Holders so that Holders will 
receive payments net of such withholding or deduction. 
Payments on certain Instruments may be subject to U.S. withholding tax under FATCA 
The United States has enacted rules, commonly referred to as "FATCA", that generally impose a new 
reporting and withholding regime with respect to certain U.S. source payments (including dividends and 
interest), gross proceeds from the disposition of property that can produce U.S. source interest and 
dividends and certain payments made by entities that are classified as financial institutions under FATCA. 
The United States has entered into an intergovernmental agreement regarding the implementation of 
FATCA with Germany (the "IGA"). Under the IGA, as currently drafted, the Issuer does not expect 
payments made on or with respect to the Instruments to be subject to withholding under FATCA. However, 
significant aspects of when and how FATCA will apply remain unclear, and no assurance can be given that 
withholding under FATCA will not become relevant with respect to payments made on or with respect to

--- Page 36 ---
- 31 - 
 
the Instruments in the future. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the 
potential impact of FATCA. 
Legality of Purchase 
Prospective investors of the Instruments should be aware that the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes 
might be subject to legal restrictions potentially affecting the validity of the purchase. Neither the Issuer, 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the 
acquisition of the Instruments by a prospective investor in the Instruments, whether under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different). A prospective investor 
may not rely on the Issuer, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates in connection with its 
determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Instruments. 
Risks in relation to Section 3 KWG 
Section 3 of the KWG provides that banks – even without the occurrence of a resolution or restructuring 
event – when reaching certain thresholds are required either to cease certain commercial, loan or guarantee 
transactions that are deemed to be risky by the German legislator or to assign it to a legally and financially 
independent financial institution that is a separate, stand-alone legal entity. In addition, since 1 July 2016 
the competent authority can prohibit institution-specifically the carrying out of further types of activities in 
order to avoid risks. 
Holders' claims could potentially be adversely affected by the implementation of the measures stipulated 
in section 3 KWG, in particular, if certain businesses are prohibited or transferred to a separate legal entity. 
The claims of a Holder might, in the latter case, remain with the Issuer, but the Issuer's assets, business 
activities and/or creditworthiness may not be identical compared to the situation prior to the transfer order 
(Übertragungsanordnung) being issued. It cannot be excluded that the legal separation of certain trading 
activities of the Issuer may have negative effects on the business model and/or the profitability of the Issuer, 
which may in turn affect the Issuer's capability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes vis-à-vis the Holders. 
Risks in connection with the application of the German Act on Issues of Debt Securities 
(Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen) 
If the relevant provisions are specified in the Final Terms to apply to a certain Tranche of Notes, a Holder 
is subject to the risk of being outvoted and to lose rights against the Issuer against his will in the case that 
other Holders agree pursuant to the Conditions to amendments of the Conditions by majority vote according 
to the German Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen). In the case of an appointment of a noteholders' representative (gemeinsamer Vertreter) 
for all Holders a particular Holder may lose, in whole or in part, the possibility to enforce and claim his 
rights against the Issuer regardless of other Holders. 
Additional Risk Factors Relating to Pfandbriefe 
The value of the Pfandbriefe and the assets of the cover pool depend on a number of interrelating factors, 
including economic, financial and political events in Germany or elsewhere, including factors affecting 
capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Pfandbriefe are traded. The price at which 
a Holder will be able to sell the Pfandbriefe prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be 
substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser. 
In case of an insolvency of the Issuer, the Holders of the Pfandbriefe have preferential access to the proceeds 
from the liquidation of the cover pool assets. Irrespective of the legal requirements under the Pfandbrief 
Act in connection with the maintenance of a cover pool, it cannot be completely outruled that the cover 
pool will be insufficient to satisfy all outstanding claims of the Holders. If and to the extent the respective 
cover pool is not sufficient to fulfill all outstanding payment claims in relation to the Pfandbriefe, the 
Holders will have a claim against the insolvency estate. However, such claim is likely to result in a loss of 
the Holders as the insolvency estate may not suffice to cover completely all relevant creditors having claims 
against the insolvency estate. 
Further, from 1 July 2021 in relation to any outstanding Pfandbriefe there is also the risk of a maturity 
deferral (Fälligkeitsverschiebung) effected by a Cover Pool Administrator as described in more detail above 
in "Risks relating to changes in the legal framework on covered bonds".

--- Page 37 ---
- 32 - 
 
CONSENT TO USE THE PROSPECTUS 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing Notes 
issued under the Programme is entitled to use the Prospectus in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the 
Federal Republic of Germany for the subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes during the 
respective offer period (as determined in the applicable Final Terms) during which subsequent resale or 
final placement of the relevant Notes can be made, provided however, that the Prospectus is still valid in 
accordance with Article 12(1) of the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the 
information given in this Prospectus also with respect to such subsequent resale or final placement of the 
relevant Notes. 
The Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements published before 
such delivery. Any supplement to the Prospectus is available for viewing in electronic form on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the website of the Issuer (www.olb.de). 
When using the Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant further financial intermediary must make certain 
that it complies with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions, including 
with the restrictions specified in the "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
RETAIL INVESTORS" and in the "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL 
INVESTORS" legends set out on the cover page of the applicable Final Terms, if any. 
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary the Dealer 
and/or the further financial intermediary shall provide information to investors on the terms and 
conditions of the Notes at the time of that offer. 
Any Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary using the Prospectus shall state on its website 
that it uses the Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached to this consent.

--- Page 38 ---
- 33 - 
 
ISSUE PROCEDURES 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular 
Tranche of Instruments (the "Conditions"). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant form of 
terms and conditions of the Instruments set forth below (the "Terms and Conditions") as further specified 
by the provisions of the Final Terms as set out below. 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions (each an "Option") applies to each type of Instruments, as set forth 
below. The Final Terms provide for the Issuer to choose among the following Options: 
Option I – Terms and Conditions for senior Fixed Rate Notes; 
Option II – Terms and Conditions for senior Floating Rate Notes; 
Option III – Terms and Conditions for subordinated Notes; 
Option IV – Terms and Conditions for Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe; 
Option V – Terms and Conditions for Floating Rate Pfandbriefe. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Instruments in either of the following 
ways: 
• 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which of 
Option I, Option II, Option III, Option IV or Option V including certain further options contained 
therein, respectively, shall be applicable to the individual issue of Instruments by replicating the 
relevant provisions and completing the relevant placeholders of the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions as set out in the Prospectus in the Final Terms. The replicated and completed provisions 
of the set of Terms and Conditions shall constitute the Conditions, which will be attached to each 
global note representing the Instruments of the relevant Tranche. 
• 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I, Option II, Option III, Option IV 
or Option V and of the respective further options contained in each of Option I, Option II, 
Option III, Option IV or Option V are applicable to the individual issue by only referring to the 
specific sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus. The Final 
Terms will specify that the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions as set out in the Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. Each global 
note representing a particular Tranche of Instruments will have the Final Terms and the relevant 
set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus attached. 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine which of Option I, Option II, Option III, Option IV or Option V shall be 
applicable to the individual issue of Instruments. Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions may contain 
also certain further options (characterised by indicating the optional provision through instructions and 
explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in the square brackets within the text of the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus) as well as placeholders (characterised by square brackets 
which include the relevant items) which will be determined by the Final Terms as follows: 
Determination of Options 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating the 
relevant provisions in the Final Terms or by reference in the Final Terms to the sections of the relevant set 
of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not replicate or refer to an 
alternative or optional provision it shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions.

--- Page 39 ---
- 34 - 
 
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions will be completed. In case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall 
be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were 
inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. 
In that case, all instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be 
deleted from the Conditions. 
Controlling Language 
As to controlling language of the respective Conditions, the following applies: 
• 
In the case of Instruments (i) which are Pfandbriefe, or (ii) which are subordinated Notes, German 
will be the controlling language. The Conditions are written in the German language and provided 
with a non-binding English language translation. 
• 
In other cases the Issuer will elect either German or English to be the controlling language. The 
Conditions are either written in the German language and provided with a non-binding English 
language translation or are written in the English language and provided with a non-binding 
German language translation.

--- Page 40 ---
- 35 - 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE INSTRUMENTS 
 
GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION 
(DEUTSCHE FASSUNG DER 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN) 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION 
Einführung 
Introduction 
Die 
Emissionsbedingungen 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
Pfandbriefe 
(zusammen 
die 
"Instrumente") 
(die 
"Emissionsbedingungen") sind nachfolgend in 
fünf Optionen aufgeführt: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Instruments (the 
"Terms and Conditions") are set forth below for 
five options: 
Option I 
umfasst 
den 
Satz 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen, der auf Tranchen von nicht 
nachrangigen 
festverzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung findet. 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions 
that apply to Tranches of senior Fixed Rate Notes. 
Option II 
umfasst 
den 
Satz 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen, der auf Tranchen von nicht 
nachrangigen 
variabel 
verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung findet. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and 
Conditions that apply to Tranches of senior 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Option III 
umfasst 
den 
Satz 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung 
findet. 
Option III comprises the set of Terms and 
Conditions that apply to Tranches of subordinated 
Notes. 
Option IV 
umfasst 
den 
Satz 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
festverzinslichen Pfandbriefen Anwendung findet. 
Option IV comprises the set of Terms and 
Conditions that apply to Tranches of Fixed Rate 
Pfandbriefe. 
Option V 
umfasst 
den 
Satz 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefen Anwendung 
findet. 
Option V comprises the set of Terms and 
Conditions that apply to Tranches of Floating Rate 
Pfandbriefe. 
Der Satz von Emissionsbedingungen für jede dieser 
Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere Optionen, die 
entsprechend gekennzeichnet sind, indem die 
jeweilige 
optionale 
Bestimmung 
durch 
Instruktionen und Erklärungen entweder links von 
dem Satz der Emissionsbedingungen oder in 
eckigen Klammern innerhalb des Satzes der 
Emissionsbedingungen bezeichnet wird. 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these 
Options contains certain further options, which are 
characterised accordingly by indicating the 
respective optional provision through instructions 
and explanatory notes set out either on the left of or 
in square brackets within the set of Terms and 
Conditions. 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die 
Emittentin 
festlegen, 
welche 
der 
Option I, 
Option II, Option III, Option IV oder Option V 
(einschließlich der jeweils darin enthaltenen 
bestimmten weiteren Optionen) für die einzelne 
Emission von Instrumenten Anwendung findet, 
indem 
entweder 
die 
betreffenden 
Angaben 
wiederholt werden oder auf die betreffenden 
Optionen verwiesen wird. 
In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, which 
of Option I, Option II, Option III, Option IV or 
Option V 
including 
certain 
further 
options 
contained therein, respectively, shall apply with 
respect to an individual issue of Instruments, either 
by replicating the relevant provisions or by 
referring to the relevant options. 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung 
des Prospektes keine Kenntnis von bestimmten 
Angaben hatte, die auf eine einzelne Emission von 
Instrumenten anwendbar sind, enthält dieser 
To the extent that upon the approval of the 
Prospectus the Issuer did not have knowledge of 
certain items which are applicable to an individual 
issue of Instruments, this Prospectus contains

--- Page 41 ---
- 36 - 
 
Prospekt Leerstellen in eckigen Klammern, die die 
maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen Bedingungen 
zu vervollständigenden Angaben enthalten. 
placeholders set out in square brackets which 
include the relevant items that will be completed by 
the Final Terms. 
Im Fall, dass die Endgültigen Bedingungen, die 
für eine einzelne Emission anwendbar sind, nur 
auf die weiteren Optionen verweisen, die im Satz 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen 
der 
Option I, 
Option II, Option III, Option IV oder Option V 
enthalten sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
In the case the Final Terms applicable to an 
individual issue only refer to the further options 
contained in the set of Terms and Conditions for 
Option I, Option II, Option III, Option IV or 
Option V the following applies: 
[Die Bestimmungen dieser Emissionsbedingungen 
gelten für diese Instrumente so, wie sie durch die 
Angaben der beigefügten endgültigen Bedingungen 
(die "Endgültigen Bedingungen") vervollständigt 
werden. Die Leerstellen in den auf die Instrumente 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen gelten als durch die in den 
Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben 
ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den 
betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben 
ausgefüllt wären; alternative oder wählbare 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen, 
deren 
Entsprechungen 
in 
den 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen nicht ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen 
sind, gelten als aus diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
gestrichen; sämtliche auf die Instrumente nicht 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen 
(einschließlich 
der 
Anweisungen, Anmerkungen und der Texte in 
eckigen 
Klammern) 
gelten 
als 
aus 
diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen gestrichen, so dass die 
Bestimmungen der Endgültigen Bedingungen 
Geltung 
erhalten. 
Kopien 
der 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen sind kostenlos bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle des Fiscal Agent und bei der 
Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Emittentin erhältlich; bei 
nicht an einer Börse notierten Instrumenten sind 
Kopien der betreffenden Endgültigen Bedingungen 
allerdings ausschließlich für die Gläubiger solcher 
Instrumente erhältlich.] 
[The provisions of these Terms and Conditions 
apply to the Instruments as completed by the terms 
of the final terms which are attached hereto (the 
"Final Terms"). The blanks in the provisions of 
these Terms and Conditions which are applicable to 
the Instruments shall be deemed to be completed by 
the information contained in the Final Terms as if 
such information were inserted in the blanks of such 
provisions; alternative or optional provisions of 
these Terms and Conditions as to which the 
corresponding provisions of the Final Terms are not 
completed or are deleted shall be deemed to be 
deleted from these Terms and Conditions; and all 
provisions of these Terms and Conditions which are 
inapplicable 
to 
the 
Instruments 
(including 
instructions, explanatory notes and text set out in 
square brackets) shall be deemed to be deleted from 
these Terms and Conditions, as required to give 
effect to the terms of the Final Terms. Copies of the 
Final Terms may be obtained free of charge at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent and at the 
principal office of the Issuer provided that, in the 
case of Instruments which are not listed on any 
stock exchange, copies of the relevant Final Terms 
will only be available to Holders of such 
Instruments.]

--- Page 42 ---
- 37 - 
 
OPTION I – Emissionsbedingungen für nicht 
nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions for senior 
Fixed Rate Notes 
 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Währung; Stückelung. Diese Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") der Oldenburgische 
Landesbank Aktiengesellschaft (die "Emittentin") 
wird in [Währung] ("[Abkürzung Währung]") (die 
"Festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag 
von [Abkürzung Währung] [Gesamtnennbetrag] 
(in Worten: [Währung] [Gesamtnennbetrag in 
Worten]) in einer Stückelung von [Abkürzung 
Währung] [festgelegte Stückelung](
1
) (die 
"Festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of Notes 
(the "Notes") of Oldenburgische Landesbank 
Aktiengesellschaft (the "Issuer") is being issued in 
[Currency] ("[Abbreviation of Currency]") (the 
"Specified Currency") in the aggregate principal 
amount of [Abbreviation of Currency] [aggregate 
principal 
amount] 
(in 
words: 
[Currency] 
[aggregate principal amount in words]) in the 
denomination of [Abbreviation of Currency] 
[Specified Denomination] ( 2 ) (the "Specified 
Denomination"). 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf 
den Inhaber und sind durch eine oder mehrere 
Globalurkunden 
verbrieft 
(jede 
eine 
"Globalurkunde"). 
(2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form 
and represented by one or more global notes (each 
a "Global Note"). 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (5) sind nur auf 
nicht 
nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, die von 
Anfang an durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde 
verbrieft sind und durch Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt ("CBF") verwahrt werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (5) shall only 
apply to senior Fixed Rate Notes which are 
initially represented by a Permanent Global Note 
and are kept in custody by Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt ("CBF"): 
[(3) 
Dauerglobalurkunde. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die Unterschriften zweier 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der 
Emittentin und ist von dem Fiscal Agent oder in 
dessen Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
[(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are 
represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The 
Permanent Global Note shall be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued. 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, 
Deutschland 
("CBF")][anderes 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, Germany ("CBF")][other Clearing 
 
(1)  Die Mindeststückelung der nicht nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen, die begeben werden, ist EUR 1.000 oder mindestens ein 
am Tag der Begebung diesem Betrag entsprechender Betrag in einer anderen Währung. 
(2) 
The minimum denomination of the senior Notes issued will be EUR 1,000 or at least the corresponding amount in any other 
currency as of the issue date.

--- Page 43 ---
- 38 - 
 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie 
jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
(5) 
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Gläubiger" 
bedeutet 
jeder 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an den 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of 
a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial 
interest or right in the Notes.] 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (6) sind nur auf 
nicht 
nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, die in Form 
einer Neuen Globalurkunde ("NGN") begeben 
werden und die von Anfang an durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind und durch 
"ICSDs" verwahrt werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (6) shall only 
apply to senior Fixed Rate Notes which are 
represented by a new global note ("NGN") and 
which are initially represented by a Permanent 
Global Note and are kept in custody by "ICSDs": 
[(3) 
Dauerglobalurkunde. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die Unterschriften zweier 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der 
Emittentin und ist von dem Fiscal Agent oder in 
dessen Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift, sowie 
mit 
der 
eigenhändigen 
Unterschrift 
eines 
bevollmächtigten Vertreters des gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrers 
(common 
safekeeper) 
versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
[(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are 
represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The 
Permanent Global Note shall be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent as 
well as manually signed by an authorized 
representative 
of 
the 
common 
safekeeper. 
Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued. 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, 
Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank S A/N V, 
Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brüssel, Belgien als Betreiberin des Euroclear 
Systems ("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear 
jeweils 
ein 
"ICSD" 
und 
zusammen 
die 
"ICSDs")][anderes 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank S A/N 
V, Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium as operator of the Euroclear 
System ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an 
"ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")][other Clearing 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
new global note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von 
einem 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrer 
(common safekeeper) im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt. 
The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") 
form and are kept in custody by a common 
safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
(5) Register der ICSDs. Der Nennbetrag der durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in 
den 
Registern 
beider 
ICSDs 
eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen 
man die Register versteht, die jeder ICSD für seine 
Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind schlüssiger 
Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der durch die 
(5) Records of the ICSDs. The nominal amount of 
Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the 
records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs 
(which expression means the records that each 
ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) 
shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount 
of Notes represented by the Global Note and, for

--- Page 44 ---
- 39 - 
 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, 
und eine zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Nennbetrag 
der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist ein 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt des Registers 
des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
these purposes, a statement issued by a ICSD 
stating the nominal amount of Notes so represented 
at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung bezüglich 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. 
bei 
Kauf 
und 
Entwertung 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
stellt 
die 
Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über 
Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf und 
Löschung bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in 
die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und 
dass nach dieser Eintragung vom Nennbetrag der in 
die Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag der 
zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften und entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen wird. 
On any redemption or interest being made in 
respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any of 
the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer 
shall procure that details of any redemption, 
payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case 
may be) in respect of the Global Note shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs and, 
upon any such entry being made, the nominal 
amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be 
reduced by the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Notes so redeemed or purchased and cancelled. 
Im Falle einer Ersetzung der Emittentin gemäß 
diesen Bedingungen, wird die Emittentin dafür 
sorgen, dass die Ersetzung in den Aufzeichnungen 
der ICSDs eingetragen wird. 
In case of a substitution of the Issuer in accordance 
with these Conditions the Issuer shall procure that 
such substitution is recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs. 
(6) 
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Gläubiger" 
bedeutet 
jeder 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an den 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
(6) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of 
a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial 
interest or right in the Notes.] 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (5) sind nur auf 
nicht 
nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, die in Form 
einer 
Klassischen 
Globalurkunde 
("CGN") 
begeben werden und die von Anfang an durch 
eine Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind und 
durch ein oder mehrere "ICSDs" verwahrt 
werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (5) shall only 
apply to senior Fixed Rate Notes which are 
represented by a classical global note ("CGN") 
and which are initially represented by a 
Permanent Global Note and are kept in custody by 
one or more "ICSDs": 
[(3) 
Dauerglobalurkunde. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die Unterschriften zweier 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der 
Emittentin und ist von dem Fiscal Agent oder in 
dessen Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
[(3) Temporary Global Note. The Notes are 
represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The 
Permanent Global Note shall be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued. 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg,

--- Page 45 ---
- 40 - 
 
Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank S A/N V, 
Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brüssel, Belgien als Betreiberin des Euroclear 
Systems ("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear 
jeweils 
ein 
"ICSD" 
und 
zusammen 
die 
"ICSDs")][anderes 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank S A/N 
V, Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium as operator of the Euroclear 
System ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an 
"ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")][other Clearing 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
classical global note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von 
einem common depository im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt. 
The Notes are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common depository on behalf of both ICSDs. 
(5) 
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Gläubiger" 
bedeutet 
jeder 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an den 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of 
a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial 
interest or right in the Notes.] 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (5) sind nur auf 
nicht 
nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, 
die 
anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind und durch Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt ("CBF") verwahrt werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (5) shall only 
apply to senior Fixed Rate Notes which are kept in 
custody by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
("CBF") and which are initially represented by a 
Temporary Global Note: 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
anfänglich 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
"vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der 
festgelegten Stückelung, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin 
und sind jeweils von dem Fiscal Agent 
oder 
in 
dessen 
Namen 
mit 
einer 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without coupons. The 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
will 
be 
exchangeable for Notes in the Specified 
Denomination represented by a permanent 
global note (the "Permanent Global 
Note") without coupons. The Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global 
Note shall each be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and 
shall each be authenticated by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and 
interest coupons will not be issued. 
(b) 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an 
einem Tag (der "Austauschtag") gegen 
die Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der 
nicht mehr als 180 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
liegt. Der Austauschtag soll nicht weniger 
als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung 
liegen. Ein solcher Austausch darf nur 
nach 
Vorlage 
von 
Bescheinigungen 
erfolgen, 
wonach 
der 
oder 
die 
wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
U. 
S.-
Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchanged for the Permanent Global Note 
on a date (the "Exchange Date") not later 
than 180 days after the date of issue of the 
Notes. The Exchange Date shall not be 
earlier than 40 days after the date of issue. 
Such exchange shall only be made upon 
delivery of certifications to the effect that 
the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Notes is not a U.S. person (other than 
certain financial institutions or certain 
persons holding Notes through such 
financial institutions). Payment of interest 
on Notes represented by a Temporary

--- Page 46 ---
- 41 - 
 
die Schuldverschreibungen über solche 
Finanzinstitute 
halten). 
Solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
werden Zinszahlungen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher Bescheinigungen vorgenommen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede 
solche Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, wird als 
ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
gemäß 
Absatz (b) 
dieses 
§ 1 
Absatz (3) 
auszutauschen. 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die im Austausch für die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, dürfen 
nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie 
in § 4 Absatz (4) definiert) geliefert 
werden. 
Global Note will be made only after 
delivery of such certifications. A separate 
certification shall be required in respect of 
each such payment of interest. Any such 
certification received on or after the 40th 
day after the date of issue of the Notes will 
be treated as a request to exchange the 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to 
paragraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any Notes 
delivered in exchange for the Temporary 
Global Note shall be delivered only outside 
of the United States (as defined in § 4 (4)). 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, 
Deutschland 
("CBF")][anderes 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie 
jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, Germany ("CBF")][other Clearing 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
(5) 
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Gläubiger" 
bedeutet 
jeder 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an den 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of 
a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial 
interest or right in the Notes.] 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (6) sind nur auf 
nicht 
nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, die in Form 
einer Neuen Globalurkunde ("NGN") begeben 
werden und die anfänglich durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind und durch "ICSDs" 
verwahrt werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (6) shall only 
apply to senior Fixed Rate Notes which are 
represented by a new global note ("NGN") and 
which are initially represented by a Temporary 
Global Note and are kept in custody by "ICSDs": 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
[(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
anfänglich 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
"vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der 
festgelegten Stückelung, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. 
Die 
Einzelheiten 
eines 
solchen 
Austausches 
werden 
in 
die 
Aufzeichnungen der ICSD aufgenommen. 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without coupons. The 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
will 
be 
exchangeable for Notes in the Specified 
Denomination represented by a permanent 
global note (the "Permanent Global 
Note") without coupons. The details of 
such exchange shall be entered in the 
records of the ICSD. The Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global 
Note shall each be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and

--- Page 47 ---
- 42 - 
 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin 
und sind jeweils von dem Fiscal Agent 
oder 
in 
dessen 
Namen 
mit 
einer 
Kontrollunterschrift, 
sowie 
mit 
der 
eigenhändigen 
Unterschrift 
eines 
bevollmächtigten 
Vertreters 
des 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrers 
(common 
safekeeper) 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
shall each be authenticated by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent as well as manually 
signed by an authorized representative of 
the common safekeeper. Definitive Notes 
and interest coupons will not be issued. 
(b) 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an 
einem Tag (der "Austauschtag") gegen 
die Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der 
nicht mehr als 180 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
liegt. Der Austauschtag soll nicht weniger 
als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung 
liegen. Ein solcher Austausch darf nur 
nach 
Vorlage 
von 
Bescheinigungen 
erfolgen, 
wonach 
der 
oder 
die 
wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
U.S.-
Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, 
die Schuldverschreibungen über solche 
Finanzinstitute 
halten). 
Solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
werden Zinszahlungen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher Bescheinigungen vorgenommen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede 
solche Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, wird als 
ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
gemäß 
Absatz (b) 
dieses 
§ 1 
Absatz (3) 
auszutauschen. 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die im Austausch für die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, dürfen 
nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie 
in § 4 Absatz (4) definiert) geliefert 
werden. 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchanged for the Permanent Global Note 
on a date (the "Exchange Date") not later 
than 180 days after the date of issue of the 
Notes. The Exchange Date shall not be 
earlier than 40 days after the date of issue. 
Such exchange shall only be made upon 
delivery of certifications to the effect that 
the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Notes is not a U.S. person (other than 
certain financial institutions or certain 
persons holding Notes through such 
financial institutions). Payment of interest 
on Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note will be made only after 
delivery of such certifications. A separate 
certification shall be required in respect of 
each such payment of interest. Any such 
certification received on or after the 40th 
day after the date of issue of the Notes will 
be treated as a request to exchange the 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to 
paragraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any Notes 
delivered in exchange for the Temporary 
Global Note shall be delivered only outside 
of the United States (as defined in § 4 (4)). 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, 
Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank S A/N V, 
Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brüssel, Belgien als Betreiberin des Euroclear 
Systems ("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank S A/N 
V, Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium as operator of the Euroclear 
System ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an

--- Page 48 ---
- 43 - 
 
jeweils 
ein 
"ICSD" 
und 
zusammen 
die 
"ICSDs")][anderes 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
"ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")][other Clearing 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
new global note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von 
einem 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrer 
(common safekeeper) im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt. 
The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") 
form and are kept in custody by a common 
safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
(5) Register der ICSDs. Der Nennbetrag der durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in 
den 
Registern 
beider 
ICSDs 
eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen 
man die Register versteht, die jeder ICSD für seine 
Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind schlüssiger 
Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, 
und eine zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Nennbetrag 
der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist ein 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt des Registers 
des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
(5) Records of the ICSDs. The nominal amount of 
Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the 
records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs 
(which expression means the records that each 
ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) 
shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount 
of Notes represented by the Global Note and, for 
these purposes, a statement issued by a ICSD 
stating the nominal amount of Notes so represented 
at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung bezüglich 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. 
bei 
Kauf 
und 
Entwertung 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
stellt 
die 
Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über 
Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf und 
Löschung bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in 
die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und 
dass nach dieser Eintragung vom Nennbetrag der in 
die Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag der 
zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften und entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen wird. 
On any redemption or payment of interest being 
made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, 
any of the Notes represented by the Global Note the 
Issuer shall procure that details of any redemption, 
payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case 
may be) in respect of the Global Note shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs and, 
upon any such entry being made, the nominal 
amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be 
reduced by the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Notes so redeemed or purchased and cancelled. 
Bei Austausch eines Anteils von ausschließlich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
sicherstellen, 
dass 
die 
Einzelheiten 
dieses 
Austauschs pro rata in die Aufzeichnungen der 
ICSDs aufgenommen werden. 
On an exchange of a portion only of the Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note, the Issuer 
shall procure that details of such exchange shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs. 
Im Falle einer Ersetzung der Emittentin gemäß 
diesen Bedingungen, wird die Emittentin dafür 
sorgen, dass die Ersetzung in den Aufzeichnungen 
der ICSDs eingetragen wird. 
In case of a substitution of the Issuer in accordance 
with these Conditions the Issuer shall procure that 
such substitution is recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs. 
(6) 
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Gläubiger" 
bedeutet 
jeder 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an den 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
(6) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of 
a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial 
interest or right in the Notes.]

--- Page 49 ---
- 44 - 
 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (5) sind nur auf 
nicht 
nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, die in Form 
einer 
Klassischen 
Globalurkunde 
("CGN") 
begeben werden und die anfänglich durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind und 
durch "ICSDs" verwahrt werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (5) shall only 
apply to senior Fixed Rate Notes which are 
represented by a classical global note ("CGN") 
and which are initially represented by a 
Temporary Global Note and are kept in custody by 
"ICDs": 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
anfänglich 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
"vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der 
festgelegten Stückelung, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. 
Die 
Einzelheiten 
eines 
solchen 
Austausches 
werden 
in 
die 
Aufzeichnungen der ICSD aufgenommen. 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin 
und sind jeweils von dem Fiscal Agent 
oder 
in 
dessen 
Namen 
mit 
einer 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without coupons. The 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
will 
be 
exchangeable for Notes in the Specified 
Denomination represented by a permanent 
global note (the "Permanent Global 
Note") without coupons. The details of 
such exchange shall be entered in the 
records of the ICSD. The Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global 
Note shall each be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and 
shall each be authenticated by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and 
interest coupons will not be issued. 
(b) 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an 
einem Tag (der "Austauschtag") gegen 
die Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der 
nicht mehr als 180 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
liegt. Der Austauschtag soll nicht weniger 
als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung 
liegen. Ein solcher Austausch darf nur 
nach 
Vorlage 
von 
Bescheinigungen 
erfolgen, 
wonach 
der 
oder 
die 
wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
U.S.-
Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, 
die Schuldverschreibungen über solche 
Finanzinstitute 
halten). 
Solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
werden Zinszahlungen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher Bescheinigungen vorgenommen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede 
solche Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, wird als 
ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
gemäß 
Absatz (b) 
dieses 
§ 1 
Absatz (3) 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchanged for the Permanent Global Note 
on a date (the "Exchange Date") not later 
than 180 days after the date of issue of the 
Notes. The Exchange Date shall not be 
earlier than 40 days after the date of issue. 
Such exchange shall only be made upon 
delivery of certifications to the effect that 
the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Notes is not a U.S. person (other than 
certain financial institutions or certain 
persons holding Notes through such 
financial institutions). Payment of interest 
on Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note will be made only after 
delivery of such certifications. A separate 
certification shall be required in respect of 
each such payment of interest. Any such 
certification received on or after the 40th 
day after the date of issue of the Notes will 
be treated as a request to exchange the 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to 
paragraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any Notes 
delivered in exchange for the Temporary 
Global Note shall be delivered only outside 
of the United States (as defined in § 4 (4)).

--- Page 50 ---
- 45 - 
 
auszutauschen. 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die im Austausch für die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, dürfen 
nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie 
in § 4 Absatz (4) definiert) geliefert 
werden. 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, 
Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank S A/N V, 
Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brüssel, Belgien als Betreiberin des Euroclear 
Systems ("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear 
jeweils 
ein 
"ICSD" 
und 
zusammen 
die 
"ICSDs")][anderes 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank S A/N 
V, Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium as operator of the Euroclear 
System ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an 
"ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")][other Clearing 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
classical global note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von 
einem common depository im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt. 
The Notes are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common depository on behalf of both ICSDs. 
(5) 
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Gläubiger" 
bedeutet 
jeder 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an den 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of 
a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial 
interest or right in the Notes.] 
§ 2 
STATUS 
§ 2 
STATUS 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur auf nicht nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, 
die 
nicht 
als 
MREL-
berücksichtigungsfähige Schuldtitel qualifizieren 
sollen: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
senior Fixed Rate Notes which shall not qualify as 
MREL-eligible debt: 
[Rang 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht besicherte 
und nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen anderen 
nicht 
besicherten 
und 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig sind, 
soweit diesen Verbindlichkeiten nicht durch 
zwingende gesetzliche Bestimmungen ein Vorrang 
oder Nachrang eingeräumt wird.] 
[Status of the Notes. The obligations under the 
Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu among 
themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer except 
for any obligations preferred or subordinated under 
mandatory provisions of statutory law.] 
Der folgende Absatz (1) ist nur auf nicht 
nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, die als nicht 
nachrangige 
MREL-berücksichtigungsfähige 
bevorrechtigte Schuldtitel gemäß § 46f Absatz 5 
KWG qualifizieren sollen: 
The following paragraph (1) shall only apply to 
senior Fixed Rate Notes which shall qualify as 
senior preferred MREL-eligible debt pursuant to 
§ 46f (5) KWG: 
[(1) 
Rang 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sollen 
[(1) Status of the Notes. The Notes are intended to 
qualify as eligible liabilities for the minimum

--- Page 51 ---
- 46 - 
 
berücksichtigungsfähige Verbindlichkeiten für die 
Mindestanforderung 
an 
Eigenmittel 
und 
berücksichtigungsfähige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
(Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and 
Eligible 
Liabilities 
– 
MREL) 
sein. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht besicherte 
und nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen anderen 
nicht 
besicherten 
und 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig sind 
(ausgenommen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
unter 
Schuldtiteln gemäß § 46f Absatz 6 und Absatz 9 
des 
Kreditwesengesetzes 
oder 
einer 
Nachfolgeregelung, 
welche 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen im Rang nachgehen), 
vorbehaltlich 
jedoch 
eines 
Vorrangs, 
der 
bestimmten 
nicht 
besicherten 
und 
nicht 
nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten im Fall von 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Emittentin oder im Fall der Auflösung, der 
Liquidation oder der Insolvenz der Emittentin oder 
eines anderen der Abwendung der Insolvenz 
dienenden Verfahrens gegen die Emittentin 
aufgrund gesetzlicher Bestimmungen eingeräumt 
wird.] 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
(MREL) of the Issuer. The obligations under the 
Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and, save for applicable 
laws and regulations, rank pari passu among 
themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
(except for obligations under debt instruments 
(Schuldtitel) pursuant to § 46f (6) and (9) of the 
German Banking Act (Kreditwesengesetz) or any 
successor provision which rank junior to the Notes), 
subject, however, to statutory priorities conferred to 
certain unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
in the event of resolution measures imposed on the 
Issuer or in the event of the dissolution, liquidation, 
insolvency or other proceedings for the avoidance 
of insolvency of, or against, the Issuer.] 
Der folgende Absatz (1) nur ist auf nicht 
nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, die als nicht 
nachrangige MREL- berücksichtigungsfähige 
nicht bevorrechtigte Schuldtitel gemäß § 46f 
Absatz 6 KWG qualifizieren sollen: 
The following paragraph (1) shall only apply to 
senior Fixed Rate Notes which shall qualify as 
MREL-eligible non-preferred debt pursuant to 
§ 46f (6) KWG 
[(1) 
Rang 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sollen 
berücksichtigungsfähige Verbindlichkeiten für die 
Mindestanforderung 
an 
Eigenmittel 
und 
berücksichtigungsfähige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
(Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and 
Eligible 
Liabilities 
– 
MREL) 
sein. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht besicherte 
und 
nicht 
nachrangige 
nicht 
bevorrechtigte 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin unter Schuldtiteln 
gemäß § 46f Absatz 6 des Kreditwesengesetzes 
("KWG") 
oder 
einer 
Nachfolgeregelung 
("Schuldtitel"), die untereinander und mit allen 
anderen nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen 
nicht bevorrechtigten Verbindlichkeiten unter 
Schuldtiteln der Emittentin, einschließlich nicht 
nachrangiger 
nicht 
bevorrechtigter 
Verbindlichkeiten 
unter 
Schuldtiteln 
gemäß 
§ 46f Absatz 9 KWG, gleichrangig sind, aber 
nachrangig sind zu allen anderen nicht besicherten 
und nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin, vorbehaltlich jedoch eines Vorrangs, 
der bestimmten nicht besicherten und nicht 
nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten im Fall von 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Emittentin oder im Fall der Auflösung, der 
Liquidation oder der Insolvenz der Emittentin oder 
[(1) Status of the Notes. The Notes are intended to 
qualify as eligible liabilities for the minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities of 
the Issuer (MREL). The obligations under the Notes 
constitute unsecured and unsubordinated senior 
non-preferred obligations of the Issuer under debt 
instruments (Schuldtitel) within the meaning of 
§ 46f (6) 
of 
the 
German 
Banking 
Act 
(Kreditwesengesetz, "KWG") or any successor 
provision ("Debt Instruments") and, save for 
applicable laws and regulations, rank pari passu 
among themselves and pari passu with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated senior non-preferred 
obligations under Debt Instruments of the Issuer, 
including senior non-preferred obligations under 
Debt Instruments referred to in § 46f (9) KWG, but 
junior to all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, subject, however, to 
statutory priorities conferred to certain unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations in the event of 
resolution measures imposed on the Issuer or in the 
event of the dissolution, liquidation, insolvency or 
other proceedings for the avoidance of insolvency 
of, or against, the Issuer.]

--- Page 52 ---
- 47 - 
 
eines anderen der Abwendung der Insolvenz 
dienenden Verfahrens gegen die Emittentin 
aufgrund gesetzlicher Bestimmungen eingeräumt 
wird.] 
Die folgenden Absätze (2) bis (5) sind nur auf 
nicht 
nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, 
die 
als 
MREL-berücksichtigungsfähige 
Schuldtitel 
qualifizieren sollen: 
The following paragraphs (2) to (5) shall only 
apply to senior Fixed Rate Notes which shall 
qualify as MREL-eligible debt. 
(2) Keine Aufrechnung. Die Aufrechnung von 
Forderungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen gegen 
Forderungen der Emittentin ist ausgeschlossen. 
Den Gläubigern wird für ihre Forderungen aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen keine Sicherheit oder 
Garantie gestellt; bereits gestellte oder zukünftig 
gestellte 
Sicherheiten 
oder 
Garantien 
im 
Zusammenhang mit anderen Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin haften nicht für Forderungen aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
[(2) No set-off. The set off of claims arising under 
the Notes against any claims of the Issuer is 
excluded. No security or guarantee shall be 
provided at any time securing claims of the Holders 
under the Notes; any security or guarantee already 
provided or granted in the future in connection with 
other liabilities of the Issuer may not be used for 
claims under the Notes. 
(3) Rückzahlung. Eine Rückzahlung, ein Rückkauf 
durch die Emittentin, eine Ersetzung oder eine 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vor 
Endfälligkeit 
ist 
nur 
mit 
einer 
vorherigen 
Zustimmung der hierfür zuständigen Behörde 
zulässig, sofern gesetzlich erforderlich, und soweit 
die Anforderungen der Artikel 77 und 78a der 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 575/2013 des Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 26. Juni 2013 über 
Aufsichtsanforderungen an Kreditinstitute und 
Wertpapierfirmen 
und 
zur 
Änderung 
der 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 646/2012, in der jeweils 
gültigen Fassung, erfüllt sind. Werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig unter anderen als 
den in diesem § 2 Absatz 3 beschriebenen 
Umständen zurückgezahlt oder von der Emittentin 
zurückerworben, so ist der zurückgezahlte oder 
gezahlte Betrag der Emittentin ohne Rücksicht auf 
entgegenstehende 
Vereinbarungen 
zurück 
zu 
gewähren. 
(3) Redemption. Any redemption, repurchase by the 
Issuer, substitution or termination of the Notes prior 
to their scheduled maturity is subject to the prior 
approval of the competent authority, if legally 
required, and must meet the conditions set out 
Articles 77 and 78a of Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013 of the European Parliament of the 
Council 
of 
26 June 2013 
on 
prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 646/2012, 
as amended. If the Notes are redeemed or 
repurchased by the Issuer otherwise than in the 
circumstances described in this § 2(3), then the 
amounts redeemed or paid must be returned to the 
Issuer irrespective of any agreement to the contrary. 
(4) Befugnisse der zuständigen Behörde. Nach den 
für 
die 
Emittentin 
geltenden 
Abwicklungsvorschriften 
unterliegen 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
den 
Befugnissen 
der 
zuständigen Behörde: 
(4) Powers of the competent authority. Under the 
relevant resolution laws and regulations as 
applicable to the Issuer from time to time, the Notes 
may be subject to the powers exercised by the 
competent resolution authority to: 
(a) 
Ansprüche 
auf 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ganz 
oder 
teilweise herabzuschreiben, 
(a) 
write down, including write down to zero, 
the claims for payment in respect of the 
Notes; 
(b) 
diese Ansprüche in Anteile oder sonstige 
Instrumente des harten Kernkapitals (i) der 
Emittentin, (ii) eines gruppenangehörigen 
Unternehmens 
oder 
(iii) 
eines 
Brückeninstituts umzuwandeln und solche 
Instrumente an die Gläubiger auszugeben 
oder zu übertragen, und/oder 
(b) 
convert these claims into ordinary shares of 
(i) the Issuer or (ii) any group entity or (iii) 
any bridge bank or other instruments of 
ownership qualifying as common equity 
tier 1 capital (and the issue to or conferral 
on the counterparty of such instruments); 
and/or

--- Page 53 ---
- 48 - 
 
(c) 
sonstige 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen 
anzuwenden, 
einschließlich 
(ohne 
Beschränkung) (i) einer Übertragung der 
Schuldverschreibungen auf einen anderen 
Rechtsträger, (ii) einer Änderung der 
Bedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen 
oder (iii) deren Löschung; 
(c) 
apply any other resolution measure, 
including, but not limited to, (i) any 
transfer of the Notes to another entity, (ii) 
the amendment, modification or variation 
of the Terms and Conditions or (iii) the 
cancellation of the Notes; 
(jede eine "Abwicklungsmaßnahme"). 
(each, a "Resolution Measure"). 
(5) 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen. 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen, 
welche 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffen, sind für die 
Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen verbindlich. 
Aufgrund einer Abwicklungsmaßnahme bestehen 
keine Ansprüche oder andere Rechte gegen die 
Emittentin. Insbesondere stellt die Anordnung einer 
Abwicklungsmaßnahme keinen Kündigungsgrund 
des Gläubigers dar. 
(5) Resolution Measure. The Holders shall be 
bound by any Resolution Measure. No Holder shall 
have any claim or other right against the Issuer 
arising out of any Resolution Measure. In 
particular, the exercise of any Resolution Measure 
shall not constitute an event of default resulting in 
a termination right of the Holder.] 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
Die folgenden Absätze (1) und (2) sind nur auf 
nicht 
nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, die keine 
nicht nachrangige Step-Up bzw. Step-Down 
Schuldverschreibungen: 
The following paragraphs (1) and (2) shall only 
apply to senior Fixed Rate Notes, which are not 
senior Step-up / Step-down Notes: 
[(1) 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf ihren 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
verzinst, 
und 
zwar 
vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 definiert) (ausschließlich) 
mit [Zinssatz] % per annum. Die Zinsen sind 
nachträglich am [Zinszahlungstag(e)] eines jeden 
Jahres zahlbar (jeweils ein "Zinszahlungstag"). 
Die 
erste 
Zinszahlung 
erfolgt 
am 
[erster 
Zinszahlungstag][(kurzer erster Kupon)][(langer 
erster Kupon)], der letzte dem Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehende 
Zinszahlungstag 
ist 
der 
[Fälligkeitstag vorausgehender Zinszahlungstag] 
[(kurzer letzter Kupon)][(langer letzter Kupon)], 
wobei 
der 
Fälligkeitstag 
ebenfalls 
ein 
Zinszahlungstag ist. 
[(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. 
The Notes shall bear interest on their aggregate 
principal amount at the rate of [Rate of 
Interest] per cent. per annum from [Interest 
Commencement Date] (including) to the Maturity 
Date (as defined in § 5) (excluding)]. Interest shall 
be payable in arrear on [Interest Date(s)] in each 
year (each such date, an "Interest Payment Date"). 
The first payment of interest shall be made on [First 
Interest Payment Date][(short first coupon)][(long 
first 
coupon)], 
the 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
immediately preceding the Maturity Date is 
[Interest Date preceding the Maturity Date] [(short 
last coupon)][(long last coupon)], whereas the 
Maturity Date is also an Interest Payment Date. 
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen. Vorbehaltlich eines 
Rückkaufs 
und 
der 
Entwertung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet der Zinslauf der 
Schuldverschreibungen am Ende des Tages, der 
dem Tag der Fälligkeit vorangeht. Sofern es die 
Emittentin aus irgendeinem Grund unterlässt, die 
zur 
Tilgung 
fälliger 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erforderlichen Beträge rechtzeitig und in voller 
Höhe beim Clearingsystem bereitzustellen, läuft die 
Zinsverpflichtung auf den offenen Kapitalbetrag 
dieser Schuldverschreibungen so lange weiter, bis 
dieser Kapitalbetrag gezahlt ist, jedoch keinesfalls 
über den 14. Tag nach dem Tag hinaus, an dem die 
erforderlichen Beträge dem Clearingsystem zur 
(2) Accrual of Interest. Subject to a purchase and 
cancellation of the Notes, the Notes will cease to 
bear interest at the end of the day preceding the date 
of maturity. Should the Issuer for any reason 
whatsoever fail to provide to the Clearing System, 
when due, the necessary funds for the redemption 
of the Notes, then interest on the outstanding 
principal amount of such Notes will continue to 
accrue until the payment of such principal has been 
effected, however not beyond the fourteenth day 
after the date on which the necessary funds have 
been provided to the Clearing System and notice 
thereof has been given by publication in accordance 
with § 11.]

--- Page 54 ---
- 49 - 
 
Verfügung gestellt worden sind und dies gemäß 
§ 11 bekannt gemacht worden ist.] 
Die folgenden Absätze (1) und (2) sind nur auf 
nicht nachrangige Step-Up bzw. Step-Down 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar: 
The following paragraphs (1) and (2) shall only 
apply to senior Step-up / Step-down Notes: 
[(1) 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf ihren 
Gesamtnennbetrag verzinst, und zwar 
[(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. 
The Notes shall bear interest on their aggregate 
principal amount 
vom [Verzinsungsbeginn] (einschließlich) bis zum 
[Datum] (ausschließlich) mit [Zinssatz] % per 
annum; 
at the rate of [Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum 
from [Interest Commencement Date] (including) 
to [Date] (excluding); 
[vom [Datum] (einschließlich) bis zum [Datum] 
(ausschließlich) mit [Zinssatz] % per annum;(3)] 
[at the rate of [Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum 
from [Date] (including) to [Date] (excluding);(4)] 
und vom [Datum] (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 definiert) (ausschließlich) 
mit [Zinssatz] % per annum. 
and from [Date] (including) to the Maturity Date 
(as defined in § 5) (excluding) at the rate of [Rate 
of Interest] per cent. per annum. 
Die 
Zinsen 
sind 
nachträglich 
am 
[Zinszahlungstage(e)] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Zinszahlungstag"). 
Die 
erste 
Zinszahlung 
erfolgt 
am 
[erster 
Zinszahlungstag][(kurzer erster Kupon)][(langer 
erster Kupon)], der letzte dem Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehende 
Zinszahlungstag 
ist 
der 
[Fälligkeitstag vorausgehender Zinszahlungstag] 
[(kurzer letzter Kupon)][(langer letzter Kupon)], 
wobei 
der 
Fälligkeitstag 
ebenfalls 
ein 
Zinszahlungstag ist. 
Interest shall be payable in arrear on [Interest 
Date(s)] in each year (each such date, an "Interest 
Payment Date"). The first payment of interest shall 
be made on [First Interest Payment Date][(short 
first coupon)][(long first coupon)], the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Maturity 
Date is [Interest Date preceding the Maturity 
Date] [(short last coupon)][(long last coupon)], 
whereas the Maturity Date is also an Interest 
Payment Date. 
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen. Vorbehaltlich eines 
Rückkaufs 
und 
der 
Entwertung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet der Zinslauf der 
Schuldverschreibungen am Ende des Tages, der 
dem Tag der Fälligkeit vorangeht. Sofern es die 
Emittentin aus irgendeinem Grund unterlässt, die 
zur 
Tilgung 
fälliger 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erforderlichen Beträge rechtzeitig und in voller 
Höhe beim Clearingsystem bereitzustellen, läuft die 
Zinsverpflichtung auf den offenen Kapitalbetrag 
dieser Schuldverschreibungen so lange weiter, bis 
dieser Kapitalbetrag gezahlt ist, jedoch keinesfalls 
über den 14. Tag nach dem Tag hinaus, an dem die 
erforderlichen Beträge dem Clearingsystem zur 
Verfügung gestellt worden sind und dies gemäß 
§ 11 bekannt gemacht worden ist.] 
(2) Accrual of Interest. Subject to a purchase and 
cancellation of the Notes, the Notes will cease to 
bear interest at the end of the day preceding the date 
of maturity. Should the Issuer for any reason 
whatsoever fail to provide to the Clearing System, 
when due, the necessary funds for the redemption 
of the Notes, then interest on the outstanding 
principal amount of such Notes will continue to 
accrue until the payment of such principal has been 
effected, however not beyond the fourteenth day 
after the date on which the necessary funds have 
been provided to the Clearing System and notice 
thereof has been given by publication in accordance 
with § 11.] 
(3) Berechnung der Zinsen für Teile von 
Zeiträumen. Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum von 
weniger als einem Jahr zu berechnen sind, erfolgt 
die 
Berechnung 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
des 
Zinstagequotienten (wie nachfolgend definiert). 
(3) Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If 
interest is required to be calculated for a period of 
less than a full year, such interest shall be calculated 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined 
below). 
 
(3) 
Weitere Zeiträume nach Bedarf einfügen. 
(4) 
Insert further periods if needed.

--- Page 55 ---
- 50 - 
 
(4) 
Zinstagequotient. 
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung von 
Zinsbeträgen für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
(4) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" 
means with regard to the calculation of the amount 
of interest for any period of time (the "Calculation 
Period"): 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur auf nicht nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, deren Zinstagequotient Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regelung 251) ist: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
senior Fixed Rate Notes where Day Count 
Fraction Actual/Actual ICMA rule 251 is 
applicable: 
[Wenn (a) der Zinsberechnungszeitraum kürzer 
oder gleich der Feststellungsperiode ist, in die das 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
diesem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch das Produkt 
aus 
(i) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
dieser 
Feststellungsperiode und (ii) der Anzahl der 
Feststellungstage in einem Kalenderjahr; oder 
wenn (b) der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger ist 
als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das Ende des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, die Summe aus: 
[If (a) the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter 
than the Determination Period during which the 
Calculation Period ends, the number of days in such 
Calculation Period divided by the product of (i) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and 
(ii) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; or if (b) the Calculation 
Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Calculation Period ends, the sum 
of: 
(i) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, die in die 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, in welcher der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt 
durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der 
Tage in dieser Feststellungsperiode und (2) 
der Anzahl der Feststellungstage in einem 
Kalenderjahr; und 
(i) 
the number of days in such Calculation 
Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Calculation Period begins 
divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, die in die 
nächstfolgende 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
dieser 
Feststellungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstage 
in 
einem 
Kalenderjahr. 
(ii) 
the number of days in such Calculation 
Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination 
Period 
and 
(2) 
the 
number 
of 
Determination Dates that would occur in 
one calendar year. 
"Feststellungsperiode" bedeutet der Zeitraum von 
einem Feststellungstag (einschließlich) bis zu dem 
nächstfolgenden Feststellungstag (ausschließlich); 
dies schließt dann, wenn der Verzinsungsbeginn 
kein Feststellungstag ist, den Zeitraum ein, der an 
dem 
ersten 
Feststellungstag 
vor 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn anfängt, und dann, wenn der 
letzte Zinszahlungstag kein Feststellungstag ist, den 
Zeitraum ein, der an dem ersten Feststellungstag 
nach dem letzten Zinszahlungstag endet. 
"Determination Period" means the period from a 
Determination Date (including) to the next 
Determination Date (excluding), where the Interest 
Commencement Date is not a Determination Date, 
the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to the Interest Commencement Date, and 
where the final Interest Payment Date is not a 
Determination Date, the first Determination Date 
falling after the final Interest Payment Date. 
"Feststellungstag" bedeutet [Tag, Monat] eines 
jeden Jahres.] 
"Determination Date" means [day, month] in each 
year.]

--- Page 56 ---
- 51 - 
 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur auf nicht nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, deren Zinstagequotient Actual/365 
(Fixed) ist: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
senior Fixed Rate Notes where Day Count 
Fraction Actual/365 (Fixed) is applicable: 
[Die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 365.] 
[The actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.] 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur auf nicht nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, deren Zinstagequotient Actual/360 
ist: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
senior Fixed Rate Notes where Day Count 
Fraction Actual/360 is applicable: 
[Die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360.] 
[The actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360.] 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur auf nicht nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, deren Zinstagequotient 30/360 ist: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
senior Fixed Rate Notes where Day Count 
Fraction 30/360 is applicable: 
[Die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360, 
wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines 
Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 
Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (a) der letzte Tag 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag 
eines Monates, während der erste Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf den 30. noch 
auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, in welchem Fall 
der diesen Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 
30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (b) 
der letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt 
auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar, in 
welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
[The number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day 
months (unless (a) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of 
the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th 
or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that 
includes that last day shall not be considered to be 
shortened to a 30-day month, or (b) the last day of 
the Calculation Period is the last day of the month 
of February in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month).] 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1) Zahlungen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Zahlungen 
von 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen nach Maßgabe des 
nachstehenden Absatzes 2 an das Clearingsystem 
oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten 
der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
(1) Payment of Principal and Interest. Payment of 
principal and interest in respect of the Notes shall 
be made, subject to paragraph (2) below, to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System. 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur auf nicht nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, die anfänglich durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
senior Fixed Rate Notes which are initially 
represented by a Temporary Global Note: 
[Die 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
erfolgt 
nach 
Maßgabe von Absatz 2 an das Clearingsystem oder 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, und 
zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß 
§ 1 Absatz 3(b).] 
[Payment of interest on Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject to 
paragraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its order 
for credit to the accounts of the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System, upon due 
certification as provided in § 1(3)(b).]

--- Page 57 ---
- 52 - 
 
(2) 
Zahlungsweise. 
Vorbehaltlich 
geltender 
steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen 
und Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen in [Festgelegte 
Währung]. 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal 
and other laws and regulations, payments of 
amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made 
in [Specified Currency]. 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung 
der Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder dessen 
Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) Vereinigte Staaten. Für die Zwecke dieser 
Bedingungen bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" die 
Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich 
deren Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) 
sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto 
Ricos, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana 
Islands). 
(4) United States. For the purposes of these 
Conditions "United States" means the United 
States of America (including the States thereof and 
the District of Columbia) and its possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
(5) Zahltag. Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer 
Zahlung in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf 
einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der 
Gläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nächsten Zahltag. Der Gläubiger ist nicht 
berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen 
aufgrund dieses Zahlungsaufschubes zu verlangen. 
(5) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment 
of any amount in respect of any Note is not a 
Payment Business Day then the Holder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next Payment Business 
Day and shall not be entitled to further interest or 
other payment in respect of such delay. 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem (i) 
[das Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System (TARGET2) 
und] [die Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
[relevantes Finanzzentrum] und] (ii) das Clearing 
System Zahlungen abwickeln. 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" 
means any day which is a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which (i) [the Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express 
Transfer system (TARGET2) and] [commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets in [relevant 
Financial Centre] and] (ii) the Clearing System 
settle payments. 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht 
Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu 
hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb 
von zwölf Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger 
sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine 
solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf das Recht der 
Rücknahme 
verzichtet 
wird, 
erlöschen 
die 
diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen 
die Emittentin. 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer 
may deposit with the local court (Amtsgericht) in 
Frankfurt am Main principal or interest not claimed 
by Holders within twelve months after the Maturity 
Date, even though such Holders may not be in 
default of acceptance of payment. If and to the 
extent that the deposit is effected and the right of 
withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such 
Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
(7) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital. Bezugnahmen in 
diesen 
Bedingungen 
auf 
Kapital 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
[und den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) der 
Schuldverschreibungen] mit ein. 
(7) References to Principal. References in these 
Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall 
be deemed to include the Final Redemption 
Amount of the Notes [and, the Call Redemption 
Amount of the Notes]. 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
[(1)] 
(a) 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. 
Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz 
oder teilweise zurückgezahlt oder 
[(1)]  
(a) 
Final 
Redemption. 
Unless 
previously redeemed in whole or 
in part or purchased and cancelled,

--- Page 58 ---
- 53 - 
 
angekauft und entwertet, werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am 
[Fälligkeitstag] 
(der 
"Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. 
the Notes shall be redeemed at 
their Final Redemption Amount 
on 
[Maturity 
Date] 
(the 
"Maturity Date"). 
(b) 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
bei 
Endfälligkeit. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden zu 
ihrem Nennbetrag zurückgezahlt 
(Rückzahlung 
zu 
par) 
(der 
"Rückzahlungsbetrag"). 
(b) 
Final Redemption Amount. The 
Notes are redeemed at their 
principal amount (redemption at 
par) (the "Final Redemption 
Amount"). 
Der folgende Absatz (2) ist nur auf nicht 
nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, bei denen die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen: 
The following paragraph (2) shall only apply to 
senior Fixed Rate Notes which are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
[(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin. 
[(2) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz (b) 
gekündigt 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder 
teilweise 
am/an 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) (Call) zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call), 
wie 
nachfolgend angegeben, nebst etwaigen 
bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with clause (b) redeem all or 
some of the Notes on the Call Redemption 
Date(s) at the Call Redemption Amount(s) 
set forth below together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Call 
Redemption Date. 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call): [Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call)]. 
Call Redemption Date(s): [Insert Call 
Redemption Date(s)]. 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call): 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibung 
(Rückzahlung zu par). 
Call Redemption Amount(s): The principal 
amount of the Note (redemption at par). 
(b) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin gemäß § 11 bekannt zu geben. 
Sie muss die folgenden Angaben enthalten: 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 11. Such notice shall 
specify: 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to 
redemption; 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie 
ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt 
wird und im letzteren Fall den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; und 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be 
redeemed in whole or in part only 
and, if in part only, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes 
which are to be redeemed; and 
(iii) 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call), wobei die Kündigung dem 
Gläubiger bis spätestens an dem 
[fünften][anderer 
maßgebliche 
Geschäftstag] Geschäftstag (wie 
(iii) 
the Call Redemption Date; and in 
this connection, the notice of 
redemption shall be received at the 
latest by the Holder (as described 
in § 12) on the [fifth][other

--- Page 59 ---
- 54 - 
 
unten 
definiert) 
vor 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
zugegangen sein muss (wie in 
§ 11 beschrieben). 
relevant Business Day] Business 
Day (as defined below) prior to 
the relevant Call Redemption 
Date. 
Für die Zwecke dieses § 5 Absatz (2) 
bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem (i) [das Trans-European Automated 
Real-time 
Gross 
Settlement 
Express 
Transfer System (TARGET2) und] [die 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
[relevantes Finanzzentrum] und] (ii) das 
Clearing System Zahlungen abwickeln. 
In this § 5(2) "Business Day" means any 
day which is a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which (i) [the Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
system 
(TARGET2) and] [commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets in [relevant 
Financial Centre] and] (ii) the Clearing 
System settle payments. 
(c) 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden 
die 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
betreffenden Clearingsystems ausgewählt. 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of 
Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules of the 
relevant Clearing System. 
(d) 
Die Ausübung dieses Wahlrechts der 
Emittentin 
ist 
– 
sofern 
gesetzlich 
erforderlich 
– 
von 
der 
vorherigen 
Zustimmung der jeweils zuständigen 
Behörde abhängig.] 
(d) 
The exercise of such option of the Issuer 
shall be subject to the prior approval of the 
respective competent authority, if legally 
required.] 
Der folgende Absatz [(2)][(3)] ist nur auf nicht 
nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, 
die 
als 
MREL-berücksichtigungsfähige 
Schuldtitel 
qualifizieren sollen: 
The following paragraph [(2)][(3)] shall only 
apply to senior Fixed Rate Notes which shall 
qualify as MREL-eligible debts: 
[[(2)][(3)] 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
regulatorischen 
Gründen. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen können insgesamt, jedoch 
nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin und 
vorbehaltlich der Zustimmung der zuständigen 
Behörde mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen 
gegenüber der Zahlstelle und gemäß § [12] 
gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und 
zu ihrem Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) zuzüglich bis zum für die 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Tag 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, 
falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nach 
Auffassung 
der 
Emittentin infolge einer zum Zeitpunkt der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
vorhersehbaren Änderung oder Ergänzung der in 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
oder 
der 
Europäischen Union geltenden Gesetze oder deren 
Auslegung oder Anwendung nicht mehr die 
Anforderungen an die Berücksichtigungsfähigkeit 
für die Zwecke der Mindestanforderungen an 
Eigenmitteln 
und 
berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Verbindlichkeiten (minimum requirement for own 
[[(2)][(3)] Early Redemption for Regulatory 
Reasons. If in the determination of the Issuer as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws 
applicable in the Federal Republic of Germany or 
the European Union, or their interpretation or 
application, which in any event was not foreseeable 
at the date of the issuance of the Notes, the Notes 
cease to qualify as eligible for the purpose of the 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities ("MREL Event"), the Notes may be 
redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of 
the Issuer and subject to the prior consent of the 
competent authority upon not more than 60 days' 
nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption 
given to the Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
§ [12] to the Holders, at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as defined below), together with interest 
(if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 60 ---
- 55 - 
 
funds and eligible liablities) ("MREL Event") 
erfüllen. 
Für die Zwecke dieses Absatzes [(2)][(3)] 
entspricht der vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag (der 
"Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsbetrag") 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung dem Rückzahlungsbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibung.] 
For the purpose of this paragraph [(2)][(3)], the 
early redemption amount of a Note (the "Early 
Redemption Amount") shall be its Final 
Redemption Amount.] 
Der folgende Absatz [(3)][(4)] ist nur auf nicht 
nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, die in Form 
einer NGN begeben werden und bei denen die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen: 
The following paragraph [(3)][(4)] shall only 
apply to senior Fixed Rate Notes which are 
represented by a NGN which are subject to an 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
[[(3)][(4)] Register der ICSD. Eine teilweise 
Rückzahlung wird in den Registern der ICSD nach 
deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als 
Reduzierung des Nennbetrags wiedergegeben.] 
[[(3)][(4)] Records of ICSDs. A partial redemption 
shall be reflected in the records of ICSDs at their 
discretion as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
principal amount.] 
§ 6 
ZAHLSTELLEN 
§ 6 
PAYING AGENTS 
[(1) Fiscal Agent.] Der anfänglich bestellte Fiscal 
Agent und dessen bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
lautet Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Trust & 
Agency 
Services, 
Taunusanlage 
12, 
60325 
Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland. 
[(1) Fiscal Agent.] The initial Fiscal Agent and its 
initial specified office shall be Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Trust & Agency Services, 
Taunusanlage 12, 60325 Frankfurt am Main, 
Federal Republic of Germany. 
Der anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent handelt als 
Zahlstelle in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
The initial Fiscal Agent acts as paying agent in the 
Federal Republic of Germany. 
Der Fiscal Agent behält sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit seine bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch 
eine 
andere 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
in 
Deutschland zu ersetzen. 
The Fiscal Agent reserves the right at any time to 
change its specified office to some other specified 
office in the Federal Republic of Germany. 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
die Bestellung des Fiscal Agent zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und einen anderen Fiscal Agent zu 
bestellen. Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung 
oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam 
(außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche 
Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die 
Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § 11 vorab unter 
Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 30 und nicht 
mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent and 
to appoint another Fiscal Agent. Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only take 
effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it 
shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 
nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall 
have been given to the Holders in accordance with 
§ 11. 
Der Fiscal Agent handelt ausschließlich als 
Erfüllungsgehilfe der Emittentin und übernimmt 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihm 
und 
den 
Gläubigern begründet. 
The Fiscal Agent acts solely as the agent of the 
Issuer and does not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust for any Holder. 
Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt einen 
Fiscal Agent handelnd als Zahlstelle in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland unterhalten. 
The Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent 
acting as paying agent in the Federal Republic of 
Germany.

--- Page 61 ---
- 56 - 
 
Solange die Schuldverschreibungen zum Handel an 
einem regulierten Markt zugelassen sind, wird die 
Emittentin zu jedem Zeitpunkt eine Zahlstelle mit 
bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle an solchen Orten 
unterhalten, die die Regeln dieser Börse verlangen. 
So long as the Notes are traded on a regulated 
market, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent 
with a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules of such stock exchange. 
Der folgende Absatz (2) ist nur auf nicht 
nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, bei denen 
eine weitere Zahlstelle bestellt ist: 
The following paragraph (2) shall only apply to 
senior Fixed Rate Notes where an Additional 
Paying Agent is appointed: 
[(2) Weitere Zahlstelle. Die anfänglich bestellte 
Zahlstelle und deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
lautet 
[Zahlstelle 
und 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle]. 
[(2) Additional Paying Agent. The initial Paying 
Agent and its initial specified office shall be 
[Paying Agent and specified office]. 
Jede Zahlstelle behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
ihre bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch eine andere 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in Deutschland zu 
ersetzen. 
Each Paying Agent reserves the right at any time to 
change its specified office to some other specified 
office in the Federal Republic of Germany. 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
die Bestellung der Zahlstelle zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und eine andere Zahlstelle zu bestellen. 
Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein 
sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im 
Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort 
wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger hierüber 
gemäß § 11 vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen 
informiert wurden. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Paying Agent and 
to appoint another Paying Agent. Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only take 
effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it 
shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 
nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall 
have been given to the Holders in accordance with 
§ 11. 
Jede 
Zahlstelle 
handelt 
ausschließlich 
als 
Erfüllungsgehilfe der Emittentin und übernimmt 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihr 
und 
den 
Gläubigern begründet.] 
Each Paying Agent acts solely as the agent of the 
Issuer and does not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust for any Holder.] 
Der folgende Absatz ([2][3]) ist nur auf nicht 
nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, 
deren 
Währung US-Dollar ist: 
The following paragraph ([2][3]) shall only apply 
in the case of payments in U.S. dollars: 
[([2][3]) Einführung von Beschränkungen. Falls 
Zahlungen bei den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen 
aller Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten 
aufgrund 
der 
Einführung 
von 
Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen 
Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden 
Beträge 
in 
US-Dollar 
widerrechtlich 
oder 
tatsächlich ausgeschlossen werden, die Emittentin 
zum Zeitpunkt der Bestellung der Zahlstelle aber 
davon ausgehen durfte, dass die Zahlstelle 
Zahlungen in US-Dollar machen kann, wird die 
Emittentin 
eine 
Zahlstelle 
mit 
bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle in New York City unterhalten.] 
[([2][3]) Imposition of Restrictions. If payments at 
or through the offices of all Paying Agents outside 
the United States become illegal or are effectively 
precluded because of the imposition of exchange 
controls or similar restrictions on the full payment 
or receipt of such amounts in United States dollars 
but the Issuer had a reasonable expectation that 
such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
in U.S. dollars when they were appointed, a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in New York City.]

--- Page 62 ---
- 57 - 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
zahlenden Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug 
von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich 
welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für deren 
Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer dort 
zur 
Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft 
oder 
Behörde 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
auferlegt 
oder 
erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt 
oder Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be 
made without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by way of 
withholding or deduction by or in or for the account 
of the Federal Republic of Germany or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. 
Unbeschadet 
sonstiger 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Bedingungen, ist die Emittentin zum Einbehalt oder 
Abzug der Beträge berechtigt, die gemäß §§ 1471 
bis 1474 des U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
(einschließlich 
dessen 
Änderungen 
oder 
Nachfolgevorschriften), gemäß zwischenstaatlicher 
Abkommen, 
gemäß 
den 
in 
einer 
anderen 
Rechtsordnung in Zusammenhang mit diesen 
Bestimmungen 
erlassenen 
Durchführungsvorschriften oder gemäß mit dem 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service geschlossenen 
Verträgen ("FATCA Quellensteuer") erforderlich 
sind als Folge davon, dass eine andere Person als 
die Emittentin oder deren Zahlstelle nicht zum 
Empfang 
von 
Zahlungen 
ohne 
FATCA 
Quellensteuer berechtigt ist. Die Emittentin ist 
nicht verpflichtet, zusätzliche Beträge zu zahlen 
oder einen Investor in Bezug auf FATCA 
Quellensteuer schadlos zu halten, die von der 
Emittentin, einer Zahlstelle oder von einem anderen 
Beteiligten abgezogen oder einbehalten wurden. 
FATCA steht für den U.S. Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act. 
Notwithstanding any other provisions in these 
Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to 
withhold or deduct any amounts required by the 
rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 
through 1474 (or any amended or successor 
provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental 
agreement, or implementing legislation adopted by 
another jurisdiction in connection with these 
provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the 
U.S. 
Internal 
Revenue 
Service 
("FATCA 
withholding") as a result of a holder, beneficial 
owner or an intermediary that is not an agent of the 
Issuer not being entitled to receive payments free of 
FATCA withholding. The Issuer will have no 
obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise 
indemnify an investor for any such FATCA 
withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the 
paying agent or any other party. FATCA means the 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist 
wird 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
The presentation period provided in § 801 
paragraph 1, sentence 1 BGB (German Civil Code) 
is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 9 
ERSETZUNG 
§ 9 
SUBSTITUTION 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit 
berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer Zahlung 
von 
Kapital 
oder 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, ohne 
Zustimmung der Gläubiger ein mit ihr verbundenes 
Unternehmen 
(wie 
unten 
definiert) 
als 
Hauptschuldnerin für alle Verpflichtungen im 
Zusammenhang mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen 
(die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") einzusetzen, sofern: 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer shall be entitled at any 
time, without the consent of the Holders, if no 
payment of principal of or interest on any of the 
Notes is in default, to substitute for the Issuer any 
Affiliate (as defined below) as principal debtor in 
respect to all obligations arising from or in 
connection with the Notes (the "Substituted 
Debtor"), provided that:

--- Page 63 ---
- 58 - 
 
(a) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin in der Lage ist, 
sämtliche 
sich 
aus 
oder 
in 
dem 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ergebenen 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
ohne 
die 
Notwendigkeit 
eines 
Einbehalts 
von 
irgendwelchen Steuern oder Abgaben an 
der Quelle zu erfüllen sowie die hierzu 
erforderlichen 
Beträge 
ohne 
Beschränkungen an den Fiscal Agent 
übertragen zu können; 
(a) 
the Substituted Debtor is in a position to 
fulfil all payment obligations arising from 
or in connection with the Notes without the 
necessity of any taxes or duties being 
withheld at source and to transfer all 
amounts which are required therefor to the 
Fiscal Agent without any restrictions; 
(b) 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus oder 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
(b) 
the 
Substituted 
Debtor 
assumes 
all 
obligations of the Issuer arising from or in 
connection with the Notes; 
(c) 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
sich 
verpflichtet, jedem Gläubiger alle Steuern, 
Gebühren oder Abgaben zu erstatten, die 
ihm in Folge der Ersetzung durch die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin auferlegt werden; 
(c) 
the Substituted Debtor undertakes to 
reimburse any Holder for such taxes, fees 
or duties which may be imposed upon it as 
a consequence of assumption of the 
obligations of the Issuer by the Substituted 
Debtor; 
(d) 
die 
Emittentin 
unwiderruflich 
und 
unbedingt gegenüber den Gläubigern die 
Zahlung 
aller 
von 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge 
zu Bedingungen garantiert, die den 
Bedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen 
entsprechen; 
(d) 
the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally 
guarantees in favor of each Holder the 
payment of all sums payable by the 
Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes as 
set out in the Conditions of the Notes; 
(e) 
dem Fiscal Agent jeweils eine Bestätigung 
bezüglich 
der 
betroffenen 
Rechtsordnungen 
von 
anerkannten 
Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt wird, dass die 
Bestimmungen 
in 
den 
vorstehenden 
Unterabsätzen (a), (b), (c) und (d) erfüllt 
wurden; 
(e)  
there shall have been delivered to the 
Fiscal Agent one opinion for each 
jurisdiction 
affected 
of 
lawyers 
of 
recognized standing to the effect that 
paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) above have 
been satisfied; 
(f) 
die 
Anwendbarkeit 
der 
in 
§ 2 
beschriebenen 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen 
gewährleistet ist; und 
(f) 
 the applicability of Resolution Measures 
described in § 2 is ensured; and 
(g) 
eine Zustimmung der hierfür zuständigen 
Behörde zur Ersetzung vorliegt, sofern 
gesetzlich erforderlich. 
(g) 
the substitution has been approved by the 
competent authority, if legally required. 
Für die Zwecke dieses § 9 bedeutet "verbundenes 
Unternehmen" ein verbundenes Unternehmen im 
Sinne von § 15 Aktiengesetz. 
For the purposes of this § 9, "Affiliate" shall mean 
any 
affiliated 
company 
(verbundenes 
Unternehmen) within the meaning of § 15 German 
Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß 
§ 11 bekannt zu machen. 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be 
published in accordance with § 11. 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer 
Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen 
Bedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem Zeitpunkt 
der 
Ersetzung 
als 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
(3) Change of References. In the event of any such 
substitution, any reference in these Conditions to 
the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to 
the Substituted Debtor and any reference to the

--- Page 64 ---
- 59 - 
 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede Bezugnahme auf 
das Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
das 
Land, 
in 
dem 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz 
hat. Des Weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung 
folgendes: 
country in which the Issuer is domiciled or resident 
for taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed 
to refer to the country of domicile or residence for 
taxation purposes of the Substituted Debtor. 
Furthermore in case of a substitution the following 
shall apply: 
In § 7 gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland als aufgenommen 
(zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe des 
vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz 
hat). 
In § 7 an alternative reference to the Federal 
Republic of Germany shall be deemed to have been 
included in addition to the reference according to 
the preceding sentence to the country of domicile or 
residence for taxation purposes of the Substituted 
Debtor. 
(4) Rechtsnachfolge. Im Fall einer Ersetzung folgt 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin der Emittentin als 
Rechtsnachfolgerin nach, ersetzt diese und darf alle 
Rechte und Befugnisse der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen mit der gleichen Wirkung 
geltend 
machen, 
als 
wenn 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin in diesen Bedingungen als 
Emittentin genannt worden wäre, und die 
Emittentin (bzw. die Gesellschaft, die zuvor die 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin übernommen hat) 
wird von ihren Verpflichtungen als Schuldnerin aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen befreit. 
(4) Legal Succession In the event of any such 
substitution, the Substituted Debtor shall succeed 
to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every 
right and power of, the Issuer under the Notes with 
the same effect as if the Substituted Debtor had 
been named as the Issuer herein, and the Issuer (or 
any corporation which shall have previously 
assumed the obligations of the Issuer) shall be 
released from its liability as obligor under the 
Notes. 
§ 10 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
UND RÜCKKAUF 
§ 10 
FURTHER ISSUES 
AND PURCHASES 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
jederzeit 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Gläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher Ausstattung 
(gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der 
Begebung, des Betrags, der ersten darauf zu 
leistenden 
Zinszahlung 
und/oder 
des 
Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass sie 
mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche 
Serie bilden. 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to 
time, without the consent of the Holders, issue 
further Notes having the same terms and conditions 
as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except 
for the issue date, the amount, the first payment of 
interest on them and/or issue price) so as to form a 
single Series with the Notes. 
(2) Rückkauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder 
anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. 
Die 
von 
der 
Emittentin 
erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der 
Emittentin von ihr gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei 
dem Fiscal Agent zwecks Entwertung eingereicht 
werden. Sofern diese Käufe durch öffentliches 
Angebot erfolgen, muss dieses Angebot allen 
Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase 
in the open market or otherwise and at any price. 
Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of 
the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the 
Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If purchases are made 
by tender, tenders for such Notes must be made 
available to all Holders of such Notes alike. 
(3) Zustimmung. Darüber hinaus ist ein Rückkauf 
nach Absatz (2) nur insoweit zulässig, wie die 
zuständige Behörde dem Rückkauf – sofern 
gesetzlich erforderlich – zugestimmt hat. 
(3) 
Approval. 
Any 
purchase 
pursuant 
to 
paragraph (2) shall always be subject to the prior 
approval of the competent authority, if legally 
required.

--- Page 65 ---
- 60 - 
 
§ 11 
MITTEILUNGEN 
§ 11 
NOTICE 
(1) 
Bekanntmachung. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
werden im Bundesanzeiger veröffentlicht. Falls 
eine Veröffentlichung im Bundesanzeiger nicht 
möglich ist, werden die Mitteilungen in einem 
deutschen Börsenpflichtblatt, voraussichtlich der 
Börsen-Zeitung 
veröffentlicht. 
Jede 
derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am Tag der Veröffentlichung (oder 
bei mehreren Veröffentlichungen am Tag der ersten 
solchen Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt. 
(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes 
shall be published in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger). If publication in the Federal 
Gazette is not possible, the notices shall be 
published in a newspaper authorized by the stock 
exchanges in Germany (Börsenpflichtblatt). This 
newspaper is expected to be the Börsen-Zeitung. 
Any notice so given will be deemed to have been 
validly given on the date of such publication (or, if 
published more than once, on the date of the first 
such publication). 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
anstelle 
der 
Veröffentlichung nach Absatz 1, eine Mitteilung an 
das Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die 
Gläubiger zu übermitteln, vorausgesetzt, die 
Regeln 
der 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, lassen diese 
Form der Mitteilung zu. Jede derartige Mitteilung 
gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an 
das Clearing System als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt. 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer 
may, in lieu of the publication set forth in 
subparagraph (1) above, deliver the relevant notice 
to the Clearing System, for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Holder, provided that the 
rules of the stock exchange on which the Notes are 
listed permit such form of notice. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders 
on the seventh day after the day on which the said 
notice was given to the Clearing System. 
(3) 
Mitteilungen 
in 
Luxemburg. 
Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen im regulierten Markt der 
Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse zugelassen sind, 
werden die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden 
Mitteilungen auch auf der Internetseite der 
Luxemburger 
Börse, 
www.bourse.lu, 
veröffentlicht. Falls eine Veröffentlichung auf der 
Internetseite nicht möglich ist, werden die 
Mitteilungen in einer führenden Tageszeitung mit 
allgemeiner 
Verbreitung 
in 
Luxemburg 
veröffentlicht, 
voraussichtlich 
dem 
Tageblatt 
(Luxemburg). Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am Tag 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen am Tag der ersten solchen 
Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt. 
(3) Notices in Luxembourg. If the Notes are listed 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, all notices concerning the Notes shall 
also be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, www.bourse.lu. If publication on 
this website is not possible, the notices shall be 
published in a leading daily newspaper having 
general circulation in Luxembourg. This newspaper 
is expected to be the Tageblatt (Luxembourg). Any 
notice so given will be deemed to have been validly 
given on the date of such publication (or, if 
published more than once, on the date of the first 
such publication). 
Der folgende Absatz (4) ist nur auf nicht 
nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, bei denen 
eine zusätzliche Veröffentlichung erforderlich ist: 
The following paragraph (4) shall only apply to 
senior Fixed Rate Notes where additional 
publications are required: 
[(4) 
Weitere 
Veröffentlichungen. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
werden darüber hinaus in [Medium] veröffentlicht. 
Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am Tag der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen am Tag der ersten solchen 
Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt.] 
[(4) 
Additional 
Publications. 
All 
notices 
concerning the Notes shall also be published in 
[Medium]. Any notice so given will be deemed to 
have been validly given on the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on the 
date of the first such publication).]

--- Page 66 ---
- 61 - 
 
Der folgende § 12 ist nur auf nicht nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, 
die 
Beschlüsse 
der 
Gläubiger 
vorsehen und bei denen kein Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter in den Emissionsbedingungen der 
Schuldverschreibungen bestimmt ist: 
The following § 12 shall only apply to senior 
Fixed Rate Notes that provide for Resolutions of 
Holders where no Holders' Representative is 
designated in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes: 
[§ 12 
ÄNDERUNG DER BEDINGUNGEN 
DURCH BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER; 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
[§ 12 
AMENDMENTS TO THE  
CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTION OF THE 
NOTEHOLDERS; JOINT 
REPRESENTATIVE 
(1) Änderung der Bedingungen. Die Emittentin 
kann 
gemäß 
§§ 5 ff. 
des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") in seiner 
jeweils geltenden Fassung mit den Gläubigern 
Änderungen an den Bedingungen vereinbaren, 
wenn 
die 
Gläubiger 
einen 
entsprechenden 
Beschluss gefasst haben. Hierbei können die 
Gläubiger durch Beschluss der in Absatz 2 
genannten Mehrheit insbesondere Änderungen 
zustimmen, welche den Charakter der Bedingungen 
wesentlich verändern, einschließlich der in § 5 
Absatz 3 SchVG genannten Maßnahmen, aber mit 
Ausnahme der Ersetzung der Emittentin, welche 
ausschließlich 
den 
Bestimmungen 
von 
§ 9 
unterliegt. 
Ein 
rechtmäßig 
gefasster 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
ist 
für 
alle 
Gläubiger 
verbindlich. 
(1) Amendment of the Conditions. The Issuer may 
agree with the Holders on amendments to the 
Conditions by virtue of a majority resolution of the 
Holders pursuant to sections 5 et seqq. of the 
German Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG"), as amended from 
time to time. In particular, the Holders may consent 
to amendments which materially change the 
substance of the Conditions, including such 
measures as provided for under section 5 para. 3 of 
the SchVG, but excluding a substitution of the 
Issuer, which is exclusively subject to the 
provisions in § 9, by resolutions passed by such 
majority of the votes of the Holders. A duly passed 
majority resolution shall be binding upon all 
Holders. 
Diese Möglichkeit zur Änderung der Bedingungen 
besteht nur soweit, wie die zuständige Behörde der 
Änderung – sofern gesetzlich erforderlich – 
zugestimmt hat. 
These amendments to the Conditions are subject to 
the prior approval of the competent authority, if 
legally required. 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Vorbehaltlich der 
Bestimmungen 
des 
folgenden 
Satzes 
und 
vorausgesetzt, die Anforderungen an das Quorum 
sind erfüllt, können die Gläubiger Beschlüsse mit 
einfacher Mehrheit der abgegebenen Stimmen 
fassen. Beschlüsse, welche den Charakter der 
Bedingungen wesentlich verändern, insbesondere 
in den Fällen des § 5 Absatz 3 Nr. 1 bis 9 SchVG, 
bedürfen 
der 
qualifizierten 
Mehrheit 
von 
mindestens 
[75][Anderer 
Prozentsatz] % 
der 
abgegebenen 
Stimmen 
(die 
"Qualifizierte 
Mehrheit"). 
(2) Majority. Except as provided by the following 
sentence 
and 
provided 
that 
the 
quorum 
requirements are being met, the Holders may pass 
resolutions by simple majority of the voting rights 
participating in the vote. Resolutions which 
materially change the substance of the Conditions, 
in particular in the cases of section 5 para. 3 
numbers 1 through 9 of the SchVG, may only be 
passed by a majority of at least [75][other 
percentage] per cent. 
of 
the 
voting 
rights 
participating in the vote (a "Qualified Majority"). 
(3) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Beschlüsse 
der Gläubiger können ausschließlich im Wege der 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung gefasst werden, 
wie sie in § 18 SchVG vorgesehen ist. Gläubiger, 
die insgesamt 5 % des ausstehenden Nennbetrages 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
halten, 
können 
schriftlich das Abhalten einer Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung verlangen, § 9 in Verbindung mit 
§ 18 SchVG. Die Abstimmung wird von einem 
Notar geleitet, der von der Emittentin bestimmt 
wird oder, wenn der gemeinsame Vertreter, wie 
(3) Vote without a Meeting. Resolutions of the 
Holders shall exclusively be made by means of a 
vote without a meeting (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) in accordance with section 18 of the 
SchVG. Holders holding Notes in the total amount 
of 5 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount 
of the Notes may request, in writing, the holding of 
a vote without a meeting pursuant to section 9 in 
connection with section 18 of the SchVG. The vote 
will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer 
or, if the Holders' Representative (as defined below)

--- Page 67 ---
- 62 - 
 
untenstehend definiert, die Abstimmung anberaumt 
hat, 
vom 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreter. 
Die 
Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe 
durch 
den 
Abstimmungsleiter enthält weitere Ausführungen 
hinsichtlich der zu fassenden Beschlüsse und der 
Abstimmungsmodalitäten. Der Gegenstand der 
Abstimmung 
sowie 
die 
vorgeschlagenen 
Beschlüsse werden den Gläubigern zusammen mit 
der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe bekannt 
gegeben. 
has 
convened 
the 
vote, 
by 
the 
Holders' 
Representative. The request for voting as submitted 
by the chairman (Abstimmungsleiter) will provide 
for the further details relating to the resolutions and 
the voting procedure. The subject matter of the vote 
as well as the proposed resolutions shall be notified 
to Holders together with the request for voting. 
(4) Stimmrecht. Gläubiger müssen den Nachweis 
ihrer 
Berechtigung 
zur 
Teilnahme 
an 
der 
Abstimmung zum Zeitpunkt der Stimmabgabe 
durch eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank, wie in 
§ 13 Absatz 2 geregelt und die Vorlage einer 
Sperranweisung 
der 
depotführenden 
Bank 
zugunsten der Zahlstelle als Hinterlegungsstelle für 
den Zeitraum der Stimmabgabe nachweisen. 
(4) Voting Rights. Holders must demonstrate their 
eligibility to participate in the vote at the time of 
voting by means of a special confirmation of the 
Depositary Bank in accordance with § 13(2) hereof 
and by submission of a blocking instruction by the 
Depositary Bank for the benefit of the Paying Agent 
as depository (Hinterlegungsstelle) for the voting 
period. 
(5) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. Die Gläubiger können 
durch Mehrheitsbeschluss einen gemeinsamen 
Vertreter (der "Gemeinsame Vertreter") bestellen 
oder abberufen, die Pflichten, Verantwortlichkeiten 
und Rechte eines solchen Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
festlegen, die Übertragung der Rechte der 
Gläubiger auf den Gemeinsamen Vertreter sowie 
die 
Haftungsbegrenzung 
des 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters bestimmen. Die Bestellung eines 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
bedarf 
einer 
Qualifizierten Mehrheit, wenn der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter in Übereinstimmung mit § 12 Absatz 2 
autorisiert ist, einer wesentlichen Änderung des 
Charakters der Bedingungen zuzustimmen. 
(5) Holders' representative. The Holders may by 
majority resolution provide for the designation or 
dismissal of a joint representative (the "Holders' 
Representative"), the duties and responsibilities 
and the powers of such Holders' Representative, the 
transfer of the rights of the Holders to the Holders' 
Representative and a limitation of liability of the 
Holders' Representative. Designation of a Holders' 
Representative may only be passed by a Qualified 
Majority if such Holders' Representative is to be 
authorized to consent, in accordance with § 12 
paragraph 2 hereof, to a material change in the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions. 
(6) Veröffentlichung. Alle Bekanntmachungen 
diesen § 12 betreffend werden in Übereinstimmung 
mit den §§ 5 ff. SchVG und § 11 dieser 
Bedingungen getätigt.] 
(6) Publication. Any notices concerning this § 12 
shall be made in accordance with sections 5 et seqq. 
of the SchVG and § 11 hereof.] 
Der folgende § 12 ist nur auf nicht nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, 
die 
Beschlüsse 
der 
Gläubiger 
vorsehen und bei denen ein Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter in den Emissionsbedingungen der 
Schuldverschreibungen bestimmt ist: 
The following § 12 shall only apply to senior 
Fixed Rate Notes that provide for Resolutions of 
Holders where a Holders' Representative is 
designated in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes: 
[§ 12 
ÄNDERUNG DER BEDINGUNGEN 
DURCH BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER; 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
[§ 12 
AMENDMENTS TO THE  
CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTION OF THE 
NOTEHOLDERS; JOINT 
REPRESENTATIVE 
(1) Änderung der Bedingungen. Die Emittentin 
kann 
gemäß 
§§ 5 ff. 
des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") in seiner 
jeweils geltenden Fassung mit den Gläubigern 
Änderungen an den Bedingungen vereinbaren, 
wenn 
die 
Gläubiger 
einen 
entsprechenden 
Beschluss gefasst haben. Hierbei können die 
(1) Amendment of the Conditions. The Issuer may 
agree with the Holders on amendments to the 
Conditions by virtue of a majority resolution of the 
Holders pursuant to sections 5 et seqq. of the 
German Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG"), as amended from 
time to time. In particular, the Holders may consent

--- Page 68 ---
- 63 - 
 
Gläubiger durch Beschluss der in Absatz 2 
genannten Mehrheit insbesondere Änderungen 
zustimmen, welche den Charakter der Bedingungen 
wesentlich verändern, einschließlich der in § 5 
Absatz 3 SchVG genannten Maßnahmen, aber mit 
Ausnahme der Ersetzung der Emittentin, welche 
ausschließlich 
den 
Bestimmungen 
von 
§ 9 
unterliegt. 
Ein 
rechtmäßig 
gefasster 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
ist 
für 
alle 
Gläubiger 
verbindlich. 
to amendments which materially change the 
substance of the Conditions, including such 
measures as provided for under section 5 para. 3 of 
the SchVG, but excluding a substitution of the 
Issuer, which is exclusively subject to the 
provisions in § 9, by resolutions passed by such 
majority of the votes of the Holders. A duly passed 
majority resolution shall be binding upon all 
Holders. 
Diese Möglichkeit zur Änderung der Bedingungen 
besteht nur soweit, wie die zuständige Behörde der 
Änderung – sofern gesetzlich erforderlich – 
zugestimmt hat. 
These amendments to the Conditions are subject to 
the prior approval of the competent authority, if 
legally required. 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Vorbehaltlich der 
Bestimmungen 
des 
folgenden 
Satzes 
und 
vorausgesetzt, die Anforderungen an das Quorum 
sind erfüllt, können die Gläubiger Beschlüsse mit 
einfacher Mehrheit der abgegebenen Stimmen 
fassen. Beschlüsse, welche den Charakter der 
Bedingungen wesentlich verändern, insbesondere 
in den Fällen des § 5 Absatz 3 Nr. 1 bis 9 SchVG, 
bedürfen 
der 
qualifizierten 
Mehrheit 
von 
mindestens 
[75][Anderer 
Prozentsatz] % 
der 
abgegebenen 
Stimmen 
(die 
"Qualifizierte 
Mehrheit"). 
(2) Majority. Except as provided by the following 
sentence 
and 
provided 
that 
the 
quorum 
requirements are being met, the Holders may pass 
resolutions by simple majority of the voting rights 
participating in the vote. Resolutions which 
materially change the substance of the Conditions, 
in particular in the cases of section 5 para. 3 
numbers 1 through 9 of the SchVG, may only be 
passed by a majority of at least [75][other 
percentage] per cent. 
of 
the 
voting 
rights 
participating in the vote (a "Qualified Majority"). 
(3) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Beschlüsse 
der Gläubiger können ausschließlich im Wege der 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung gefasst werden, 
wie sie in § 18 SchVG vorgesehen ist. Gläubiger, 
die insgesamt 5 % des ausstehenden Nennbetrages 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
halten, 
können 
schriftlich das Abhalten einer Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung verlangen, § 9 in Verbindung mit 
§ 18 SchVG. Die Abstimmung wird von einem 
Notar geleitet, der von der Emittentin bestimmt 
wird oder, wenn der gemeinsame Vertreter, wie 
untenstehend definiert, die Abstimmung anberaumt 
hat, 
vom 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreter. 
Die 
Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe 
durch 
den 
Abstimmungsleiter enthält weitere Ausführungen 
hinsichtlich der zu fassenden Beschlüsse und der 
Abstimmungsmodalitäten. Der Gegenstand der 
Abstimmung 
sowie 
die 
vorgeschlagenen 
Beschlüsse werden den Gläubigern zusammen mit 
der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe bekannt 
gegeben. 
(3) Vote without a Meeting. Resolutions of the 
Holders shall exclusively be made by means of a 
vote without a meeting (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) in accordance with section 18 of the 
SchVG. Holders holding Notes in the total amount 
of 5 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount 
of the Notes may request, in writing, the holding of 
a vote without a meeting pursuant to section 9 in 
connection with section 18 of the SchVG. The vote 
will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer 
or, if the Holders' Representative (as defined below) 
has 
convened 
the 
vote, 
by 
the 
Holders' 
Representative. The request for voting as submitted 
by the chairman (Abstimmungsleiter) will provide 
for the further details relating to the resolutions and 
the voting procedure. The subject matter of the vote 
as well as the proposed resolutions shall be notified 
to Holders together with the request for voting. 
(4) Stimmrecht. Gläubiger müssen den Nachweis 
ihrer 
Berechtigung 
zur 
Teilnahme 
an 
der 
Abstimmung zum Zeitpunkt der Stimmabgabe 
durch eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank, wie in 
§ 13 Absatz 2 geregelt und die Vorlage einer 
Sperranweisung 
der 
depotführenden 
Bank 
zugunsten der Zahlstelle als Hinterlegungsstelle für 
den Zeitraum der Stimmabgabe nachweisen. 
(4) Voting Rights. Holders must demonstrate their 
eligibility to participate in the vote at the time of 
voting by means of a special confirmation of the 
Depositary Bank in accordance with § 13 
paragraph 2 hereof and by submission of a blocking 
instruction by the Depositary Bank for the benefit 
of 
the 
Paying 
Agent 
as 
depository 
(Hinterlegungsstelle) for the voting period.

--- Page 69 ---
- 64 - 
 
(5) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. Der gemeinsame 
Vertreter (der "Gemeinsame Vertreter") ist 
[Name 
und 
Anschrift 
des 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters]. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat die 
Pflichten und Verantwortlichkeiten und Rechte, die 
ihm von Gesetzes wegen zustehen. Die Haftung des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf den zehnfachen 
Betrag seiner jährlichen Vergütung begrenzt, es sei 
denn, der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat vorsätzlich 
oder grob fahrlässig gehandelt. Die Vorschriften 
des SchVG gelten im Hinblick auf die Abberufung 
des Gemeinsamen Vertreters und die sonstigen 
Rechte und Pflichten des Gemeinsamen Vertreters. 
(5) 
Holders' 
representative. 
The 
joint 
representative (the "Holders' Representative") 
shall be [name and address of Holders' 
Representative]. The Holders' Representative shall 
have the duties and responsibilities and powers 
provided for by law. The liability of the Holders' 
Representative shall be limited to ten times of the 
amount of its annual remuneration, unless the 
Holders' Representative has acted wilfully or with 
gross negligence. The provisions of the SchVG 
apply with respect to the dismissal of the Holders' 
Representative and the other rights and obligations 
of the Holders' Representative. 
(6) Veröffentlichung. Alle Bekanntmachungen 
diesen § 12 betreffend werden in Übereinstimmung 
mit den §§ 5 ff. SchVG und § 11 dieser 
Bedingungen getätigt.] 
(6) Publication. Any notices concerning this § 12 
shall be made in accordance with sections 5 et seqq. 
of the SchVG and § 11 hereof.] 
§ [12][13] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTLICHE 
GELTENDMACHUNG 
UND GERICHTSSTAND 
§ [12][13] 
GOVERNING LAW, PLACE OF 
JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und 
Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin 
bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach deutschem 
Recht. 
(1) Governing Law. The Notes, as to form and 
content, and all rights and obligations of the 
Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed in every 
respect by German law. 
(2) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger 
von Schuldverschreibungen ist berechtigt, in jedem 
Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem 
Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger und die 
Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der 
folgenden Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu 
machen: 
(2) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any 
proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such 
Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and 
enforce in his own name his rights arising under 
such Notes on the basis of: 
(a) 
Er 
bringt 
eine 
Bescheinigung 
der 
Depotbank bei, bei der er für die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche (i) den 
vollständigen Namen und die vollständige 
Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, (ii) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die 
unter dem Datum der Bestätigung auf dem 
Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (iii) 
bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber 
dem Clearingsystem eine schriftliche 
Erklärung 
abgegeben 
hat, 
die 
die 
vorstehend unter (i) und (ii) bezeichneten 
Informationen 
enthält 
und 
einen 
Bestätigungsvermerk des Clearingsystems 
trägt; und 
(a) 
a statement issued by the Custodian with 
whom such Holder maintains a securities 
account in respect of the Notes (i) stating 
the full name and address of the Holder, (ii) 
specifying the aggregate principal amount 
of Notes credited to such securities account 
on the date of such statement and (iii) 
confirming that the Custodian has given 
written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (i) 
and (ii) which has been confirmed by the 
Clearing System; and 
(b) 
er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
vor, 
deren 
Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine 
(b) 
a copy of the Note in global form certified 
as being a true copy by a duly authorized 
officer of the Clearing System or a 
depository of the Clearing System, without

--- Page 70 ---
- 65 - 
 
vertretungsberechtigte 
Person 
des 
Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne dass 
eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der 
die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
in 
einem 
solchen 
Verfahren erforderlich wäre. 
the 
need 
for 
production 
in 
such 
proceedings of the actual records or the 
global note representing the Notes. 
Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet 
"Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges 
anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und 
bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für 
die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält und ein Konto 
beim Clearingsystem unterhält, einschließlich des 
Clearingsystems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden 
kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere Weise 
schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land des 
Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig ist. 
For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means 
any bank or other financial institution of recognized 
standing authorized to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes and which 
maintains an account with the Clearing System, and 
includes the Clearing System. Each Holder may, 
without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce his rights under these Notes also in any 
other way which is admitted in Proceedings in the 
country in which the Proceedings take place. 
(3) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig 
für 
sämtliche 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder 
sonstige Verfahren ("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") ist das 
Landgericht Frankfurt am Main. 
(3) Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court 
(Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main shall have non-
exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes. 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur für nicht nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, 
die 
Beschlüsse 
der 
Gläubiger 
vorsehen: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
senior Fixed Rate Notes that provide for 
Resolutions of Holders: 
[Für Entscheidungen gemäß § 9 Absatz 2, § 13 
Absatz 3 und § 18 Absatz 2 SchVG ist gemäß § 9 
Absatz 3 SchVG das Amtsgericht zuständig, in 
dessen Bezirk die Emittentin ihren Sitz hat. Für 
Entscheidungen 
über 
die 
Anfechtung 
von 
Beschlüssen der Anleihegläubiger ist gemäß § 20 
Absatz 3 SchVG das Landgericht ausschließlich 
zuständig, in dessen Bezirk die Emittentin ihren 
Sitz hat.] 
[The local court (Amtsgericht) in the district where 
the Issuer has its registered office shall, pursuant 
section 9 para. 3 of the SchVG, have jurisdiction 
for all judgments in accordance with sections 9 
para. 2, 13 para. 3 and 18 para. 2 of the SchVG. The 
regional court (Landgericht) in the district where 
the Issuer has its registered office will have 
exclusive jurisdiction for all judgments over 
contested resolutions by Noteholders in accordance 
with section 20 para. 3 of the SchVG.] 
§ [13][14] 
SPRACHE 
§ [13][14] 
LANGUAGE 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur für nicht nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, die in deutscher Sprache mit einer 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache abgefasst 
sind: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
senior Fixed Rate Notes that shall be in the 
German language with an English language 
translation: 
[Diese Bedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist 
bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[These Conditions are written in the German 
language and provided with an English language 
translation. The German text shall be controlling 
and binding. The English language translation is 
provided for convenience only.]

--- Page 71 ---
- 66 - 
 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur für nicht nachrangige 
festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, die in englischer Sprache mit einer 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache abgefasst 
sind: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
senior Fixed Rate Notes that shall be in the 
English language with a German language 
translation: 
[Diese Bedingungen sind in englischer Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche 
Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist 
bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[These Conditions are written in the English 
language and provided with a German language 
translation. The English text shall be controlling 
and binding. The German language translation is 
provided for convenience only.]

--- Page 72 ---
- 67 - 
 
OPTION II – Emissionsbedingungen für nicht 
nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions for senior 
Floating Rate Notes 
 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Währung; Stückelung. Diese Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") der Oldenburgische 
Landesbank Aktiengesellschaft (die "Emittentin") 
wird in [Währung] ("[Abkürzung Währung]") (die 
"Festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag 
von [Abkürzung Währung] [Gesamtnennbetrag] 
(in Worten: [Währung] [Gesamtnennbetrag in 
Worten]) in einer Stückelung von [Abkürzung 
Währung] [festgelegte Stückelung](
5
) (die 
"Festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of Notes 
(the "Notes") of Oldenburgische Landesbank 
Aktiengesellschaft (the "Issuer") is being issued in 
[Currency] ("[Abbreviation of Currency]") (the 
"Specified Currency") in the aggregate principal 
amount of [Abbreviation of Currency] [aggregate 
principal 
amount] 
(in 
words: 
[Currency] 
[aggregate principal amount in words]) in the 
denomination of [Abbreviation of Currency] 
[Specified Denomination] ( 6 ) (the "Specified 
Denomination"). 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf 
den Inhaber und sind durch eine oder mehrere 
Globalurkunden 
verbrieft 
(jede 
eine 
"Globalurkunde"). 
(2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form 
and represented by one or more global notes (each 
a "Global Note"). 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (5) sind nur auf 
nicht 
nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, die von 
Anfang an durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde 
verbrieft sind und durch Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt ("CBF") verwahrt werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (5) shall only 
apply to senior Floating Rate Notes which are 
initially represented by a Permanent Global Note 
and are kept in custody by Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt ("CBF"): 
[(3) 
Dauerglobalurkunde. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die Unterschriften zweier 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der 
Emittentin und ist von dem Fiscal Agent oder in 
dessen Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
[(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are 
represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The 
Permanent Global Note shall be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued. 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, 
Deutschland 
("CBF")][anderes 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, Germany ("CBF")][other Clearing 
 
(5)  Die Mindeststückelung der nicht nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen, die begeben werden, ist EUR 1.000 oder mindestens ein 
am Tag der Begebung diesem Betrag entsprechender Betrag in einer anderen Währung. 
(6) 
The minimum denomination of the senior Notes issued will be EUR 1,000 or at least the corresponding amount in any other 
currency as of the issue date.

--- Page 73 ---
- 68 - 
 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie 
jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
(5) 
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Gläubiger" 
bedeutet 
jeder 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an den 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of 
a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial 
interest or right in the Notes.] 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (6) sind nur auf 
nicht 
nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, die in Form 
einer Neuen Globalurkunde ("NGN") begeben 
werden und die von Anfang an durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind und durch 
"ICSDs" verwahrt werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (6) shall only 
apply to senior Floating Rate Notes which are 
represented by a new global note ("NGN") and 
which are initially represented by a Permanent 
Global Note and are kept in custody by "ICSDs": 
[(3) 
Dauerglobalurkunde. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die Unterschriften zweier 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der 
Emittentin und ist von dem Fiscal Agent oder in 
dessen Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift, sowie 
mit 
der 
eigenhändigen 
Unterschrift 
eines 
bevollmächtigten Vertreters des gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrers 
(common 
safekeeper) 
versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
[(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are 
represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The 
Permanent Global Note shall be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent as 
well as manually signed by an authorized 
representative 
of 
the 
common 
safekeeper. 
Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued. 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, 
Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank S A/N V, 
Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brüssel, Belgien als Betreiberin des Euroclear 
Systems ("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear 
jeweils 
ein 
"ICSD" 
und 
zusammen 
die 
"ICSDs")][anderes 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank S A/N 
V, Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium as operator of the Euroclear 
System ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an 
"ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")][other Clearing 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
new global note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von 
einem 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrer 
(common safekeeper) im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt. 
The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") 
form and are kept in custody by a common 
safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
(5) Register der ICSDs. Der Nennbetrag der durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in 
den 
Registern 
beider 
ICSDs 
eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen 
man die Register versteht, die jeder ICSD für seine 
Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind schlüssiger 
Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der durch die 
(5) Records of the ICSDs. The nominal amount of 
Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the 
records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs 
(which expression means the records that each 
ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) 
shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount 
of Notes represented by the Global Note and, for

--- Page 74 ---
- 69 - 
 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, 
und eine zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Nennbetrag 
der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist ein 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt des Registers 
des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
these purposes, a statement issued by a ICSD 
stating the nominal amount of Notes so represented 
at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung bezüglich 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. 
bei 
Kauf 
und 
Entwertung 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
stellt 
die 
Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über 
Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf und 
Löschung bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in 
die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und 
dass nach dieser Eintragung vom Nennbetrag der in 
die Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag der 
zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften und entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen wird. 
On any redemption or interest being made in 
respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any of 
the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer 
shall procure that details of any redemption, 
payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case 
may be) in respect of the Global Note shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs and, 
upon any such entry being made, the nominal 
amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be 
reduced by the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Notes so redeemed or purchased and cancelled. 
Im Falle einer Ersetzung der Emittentin gemäß 
diesen Bedingungen, wird die Emittentin dafür 
sorgen, dass die Ersetzung in den Aufzeichnungen 
der ICSDs eingetragen wird. 
In case of a substitution of the Issuer in accordance 
with these Conditions the Issuer shall procure that 
such substitution is recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs. 
(6) 
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Gläubiger" 
bedeutet 
jeder 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an den 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
(6) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of 
a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial 
interest or right in the Notes.] 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (5) sind nur auf 
nicht 
nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, die in Form 
einer 
Klassischen 
Globalurkunde 
("CGN") 
begeben werden und die von Anfang an durch 
eine Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind und 
durch ein oder mehrere "ICSDs" verwahrt 
werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (5) shall only 
apply to senior Floating Rate Notes which are 
represented by a classical global note ("CGN") 
and which are initially represented by a 
Permanent Global Note and are kept in custody by 
one or more "ICSDs": 
[(3) 
Dauerglobalurkunde. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die Unterschriften zweier 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der 
Emittentin und ist von dem Fiscal Agent oder in 
dessen Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
[(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are 
represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The 
Permanent Global Note shall be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued. 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg,

--- Page 75 ---
- 70 - 
 
Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank S A/N V, 
Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brüssel, Belgien als Betreiberin des Euroclear 
Systems ("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear 
jeweils 
ein 
"ICSD" 
und 
zusammen 
die 
"ICSDs")][anderes 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank S A/N 
V, Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium as operator of the Euroclear 
System ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an 
"ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")][other Clearing 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
classical global note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von 
einem common depository im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt. 
The Notes are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common depository on behalf of both ICSDs. 
(5) 
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Gläubiger" 
bedeutet 
jeder 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an den 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of 
a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial 
interest or right in the Notes.] 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (5) sind nur auf 
nicht 
nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, 
die 
anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind und durch Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt ("CBF") verwahrt werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (5) shall only 
apply to senior Floating Rate Notes which are kept 
in custody by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
("CBF") and which are initially represented by a 
Temporary Global Note: 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
anfänglich 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
"vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der 
festgelegten Stückelung, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin 
und sind jeweils von dem Fiscal Agent 
oder 
in 
dessen 
Namen 
mit 
einer 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without coupons. The 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
will 
be 
exchangeable for Notes in the Specified 
Denomination represented by a permanent 
global note (the "Permanent Global 
Note") without coupons. The Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global 
Note shall each be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and 
shall each be authenticated by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and 
interest coupons will not be issued. 
(b) 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an 
einem Tag (der "Austauschtag") gegen 
die Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der 
nicht mehr als 180 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
liegt. Der Austauschtag soll nicht weniger 
als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung 
liegen. Ein solcher Austausch darf nur 
nach 
Vorlage 
von 
Bescheinigungen 
erfolgen, 
wonach 
der 
oder 
die 
wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
U. 
S.-
Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchanged for the Permanent Global Note 
on a date (the "Exchange Date") not later 
than 180 days after the date of issue of the 
Notes. The Exchange Date shall not be 
earlier than 40 days after the date of issue. 
Such exchange shall only be made upon 
delivery of certifications to the effect that 
the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Notes is not a U.S. person (other than 
certain financial institutions or certain 
persons holding Notes through such 
financial institutions). Payment of interest 
on Notes represented by a Temporary

--- Page 76 ---
- 71 - 
 
die Schuldverschreibungen über solche 
Finanzinstitute 
halten). 
Solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
werden Zinszahlungen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher Bescheinigungen vorgenommen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede 
solche Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, wird als 
ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
gemäß 
Absatz (b) 
dieses 
§ 1 
Absatz (3) 
auszutauschen. 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die im Austausch für die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, dürfen 
nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie 
in § 4 Absatz (4) definiert) geliefert 
werden. 
Global Note will be made only after 
delivery of such certifications. A separate 
certification shall be required in respect of 
each such payment of interest. Any such 
certification received on or after the 40th 
day after the date of issue of the Notes will 
be treated as a request to exchange the 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to 
paragraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any Notes 
delivered in exchange for the Temporary 
Global Note shall be delivered only outside 
of the United States (as defined in § 4 (4)). 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, 
Deutschland 
("CBF")][anderes 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie 
jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, Germany ("CBF")][other Clearing 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
(5) 
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Gläubiger" 
bedeutet 
jeder 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an den 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of 
a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial 
interest or right in the Notes.] 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (6) sind nur auf 
nicht 
nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, die in Form 
einer Neuen Globalurkunde ("NGN") begeben 
werden und die anfänglich durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind und durch "ICSDs" 
verwahrt werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (6) shall only 
apply to senior Floating Rate Notes which are 
represented by a new global note ("NGN") and 
which are initially represented by a Temporary 
Global Note and are kept in custody by "ICDs": 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
anfänglich 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
"vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der 
festgelegten Stückelung, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. 
Die 
Einzelheiten 
eines 
solchen 
Austausches 
werden 
in 
die 
Aufzeichnungen der ICSD aufgenommen. 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without coupons. The 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
will 
be 
exchangeable for Notes in the Specified 
Denomination represented by a permanent 
global note (the "Permanent Global 
Note") without coupons. The details of 
such exchange shall be entered in the 
records of the ICSD. The Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global 
Note shall each be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and

--- Page 77 ---
- 72 - 
 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin 
und sind jeweils von dem Fiscal Agent 
oder 
in 
dessen 
Namen 
mit 
einer 
Kontrollunterschrift, 
sowie 
mit 
der 
eigenhändigen 
Unterschrift 
eines 
bevollmächtigten 
Vertreters 
des 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrers 
(common 
safekeeper) 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
shall each be authenticated by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent as well as manually 
signed by an authorized representative of 
the common safekeeper. Definitive Notes 
and interest coupons will not be issued. 
(b) 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an 
einem Tag (der "Austauschtag") gegen 
die Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der 
nicht mehr als 180 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
liegt. Der Austauschtag soll nicht weniger 
als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung 
liegen. Ein solcher Austausch darf nur 
nach 
Vorlage 
von 
Bescheinigungen 
erfolgen, 
wonach 
der 
oder 
die 
wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
U. 
S.-
Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, 
die Schuldverschreibungen über solche 
Finanzinstitute 
halten). 
Solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
werden Zinszahlungen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher Bescheinigungen vorgenommen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede 
solche Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, wird als 
ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
gemäß 
Absatz (b) 
dieses 
§ 1 
Absatz (3) 
auszutauschen. 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die im Austausch für die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, dürfen 
nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie 
in § 4 Absatz (4) definiert) geliefert 
werden. 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchanged for the Permanent Global Note 
on a date (the "Exchange Date") not later 
than 180 days after the date of issue of the 
Notes. The Exchange Date shall not be 
earlier than 40 days after the date of issue. 
Such exchange shall only be made upon 
delivery of certifications to the effect that 
the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Notes is not a U.S. person (other than 
certain financial institutions or certain 
persons holding Notes through such 
financial institutions). Payment of interest 
on Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note will be made only after 
delivery of such certifications. A separate 
certification shall be required in respect of 
each such payment of interest. Any such 
certification received on or after the 40th 
day after the date of issue of the Notes will 
be treated as a request to exchange the 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to 
paragraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any Notes 
delivered in exchange for the Temporary 
Global Note shall be delivered only outside 
of the United States (as defined in § 4 (4)). 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, 
Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank S A/N V, 
Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brüssel, Belgien als Betreiberin des Euroclear 
Systems ("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank S A/N 
V, Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium as operator of the Euroclear 
System ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an

--- Page 78 ---
- 73 - 
 
jeweils 
ein 
"ICSD" 
und 
zusammen 
die 
"ICSDs")][anderes 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
"ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")][other Clearing 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
new global note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von 
einem 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrer 
(common safekeeper) im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt. 
The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") 
form and are kept in custody by a common 
safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
(5) Register der ICSDs. Der Nennbetrag der durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in 
den 
Registern 
beider 
ICSDs 
eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen 
man die Register versteht, die jeder ICSD für seine 
Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind schlüssiger 
Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, 
und eine zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Nennbetrag 
der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist ein 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt des Registers 
des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
(5) Records of the ICSDs. The nominal amount of 
Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the 
records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs 
(which expression means the records that each 
ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) 
shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount 
of Notes represented by the Global Note and, for 
these purposes, a statement issued by a ICSD 
stating the nominal amount of Notes so represented 
at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung bezüglich 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. 
bei 
Kauf 
und 
Entwertung 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
stellt 
die 
Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über 
Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf und 
Löschung bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in 
die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und 
dass nach dieser Eintragung vom Nennbetrag der in 
die Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag der 
zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften und entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen wird. 
On any redemption or interest being made in 
respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any of 
the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer 
shall procure that details of any redemption, 
payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case 
may be) in respect of the Global Note shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs and, 
upon any such entry being made, the nominal 
amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be 
reduced by the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Notes so redeemed or purchased and cancelled. 
Bei Austausch eines Anteils von ausschließlich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
sicherstellen, 
dass 
die 
Einzelheiten 
dieses 
Austauschs pro rata in die Aufzeichnungen der 
ICSDs aufgenommen werden. 
On an exchange of a portion only of the Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note, the Issuer 
shall procure that details of such exchange shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs. 
Im Falle einer Ersetzung der Emittentin gemäß 
diesen Bedingungen, wird die Emittentin dafür 
sorgen, dass die Ersetzung in den Aufzeichnungen 
der ICSDs eingetragen wird. 
In case of a substitution of the Issuer in accordance 
with these Conditions the Issuer shall procure that 
such substitution is recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs. 
(6) 
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Gläubiger" 
bedeutet 
jeder 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an den 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
(6) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of 
a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial 
interest or right in the Notes.]

--- Page 79 ---
- 74 - 
 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (5) sind nur auf 
nicht 
nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, die in Form 
einer 
Klassischen 
Globalurkunde 
("CGN") 
begeben werden und die anfänglich durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind und 
durch "ICSDs" verwahrt werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (5) shall only 
apply to senior Floating Rate Notes which are 
represented by a classical global note ("CGN") 
and which are initially represented by a 
Temporary Global Note and are kept in custody by 
"ICDs": 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
anfänglich 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
"vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der 
festgelegten Stückelung, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. 
Die 
Einzelheiten 
eines 
solchen 
Austausches 
werden 
in 
die 
Aufzeichnungen der ICSD aufgenommen. 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin 
und sind jeweils von dem Fiscal Agent 
oder 
in 
dessen 
Namen 
mit 
einer 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without coupons. The 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
will 
be 
exchangeable for Notes in the Specified 
Denomination represented by a permanent 
global note (the "Permanent Global 
Note") without coupons. The details of 
such exchange shall be entered in the 
records of the ICSD. The Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global 
Note shall each be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and 
shall each be authenticated by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and 
interest coupons will not be issued. 
(b) 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an 
einem Tag (der "Austauschtag") gegen 
die Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der 
nicht mehr als 180 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
liegt. Der Austauschtag soll nicht weniger 
als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung 
liegen. Ein solcher Austausch darf nur 
nach 
Vorlage 
von 
Bescheinigungen 
erfolgen, 
wonach 
der 
oder 
die 
wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
U.S.-
Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, 
die Schuldverschreibungen über solche 
Finanzinstitute 
halten). 
Solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
werden Zinszahlungen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher Bescheinigungen vorgenommen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede 
solche Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, wird als 
ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
gemäß 
Absatz (b) 
dieses 
§ 1 
Absatz (3) 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchanged for the Permanent Global Note 
on a date (the "Exchange Date") not later 
than 180 days after the date of issue of the 
Notes. The Exchange Date shall not be 
earlier than 40 days after the date of issue. 
Such exchange shall only be made upon 
delivery of certifications to the effect that 
the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Notes is not a U.S. person (other than 
certain financial institutions or certain 
persons holding Notes through such 
financial institutions). Payment of interest 
on Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note will be made only after 
delivery of such certifications. A separate 
certification shall be required in respect of 
each such payment of interest. Any such 
certification received on or after the 40th 
day after the date of issue of the Notes will 
be treated as a request to exchange the 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to 
paragraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any Notes 
delivered in exchange for the Temporary 
Global Note shall be delivered only outside 
of the United States (as defined in § 4 (4)).

--- Page 80 ---
- 75 - 
 
auszutauschen. 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die im Austausch für die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, dürfen 
nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie 
in § 4 Absatz (4) definiert) geliefert 
werden. 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, 
Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank S A/N V, 
Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brüssel, Belgien als Betreiberin des Euroclear 
Systems ("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear 
jeweils 
ein 
"ICSD" 
und 
zusammen 
die 
"ICSDs")][anderes 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank S A/N 
V, Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium as operator of the Euroclear 
System ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an 
"ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")][other Clearing 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
classical global note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von 
einem common depository im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt. 
The Notes are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common depository on behalf of both ICSDs. 
(5) 
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Gläubiger" 
bedeutet 
jeder 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an den 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of 
a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial 
interest or right in the Notes.] 
§ 2 
STATUS 
§ 2 
STATUS 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur auf nicht nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, 
die 
nicht 
als 
MREL-
berücksichtigungsfähige Schuldtitel qualifizieren 
sollen: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
senior Floating Rate Notes which shall not qualify 
as MREL-eligible debt: 
[Rang 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht besicherte 
und nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen anderen 
nicht 
besicherten 
und 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig sind, 
soweit diesen Verbindlichkeiten nicht durch 
zwingende gesetzliche Bestimmungen ein Vorrang 
oder Nachrang eingeräumt wird.] 
[Status of the Notes. The obligations under the 
Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu among 
themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer except 
for any obligations preferred or subordinated under 
mandatory provisions of statutory law.]

--- Page 81 ---
- 76 - 
 
Der folgende Absatz (1) ist nur auf nicht 
nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, die sich als 
nicht 
nachrangige 
MREL- 
berücksichtigungsfähige 
bevorrechtigte 
Schuldtitel 
gemäß 
§ 46f 
Absatz 5 
KWG 
qualifizieren sollen: 
The following paragraph (1) shall only apply to 
senior Floating Rate Notes which shall qualify as 
senior preferred MREL-eligible debt pursuant to 
§ 46f paragraph 5 KWG: 
[(1) 
Rang 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sollen 
berücksichtigungsfähige Verbindlichkeiten für die 
Mindestanforderung 
an 
Eigenmittel 
und 
berücksichtigungsfähige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
(Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and 
Eligible 
Liabilities 
– 
MREL) 
sein. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht besicherte 
und nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen anderen 
nicht 
besicherten 
und 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig sind 
(ausgenommen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
unter 
Schuldtiteln gemäß § 46f Absatz 6 und Absatz 9 
des 
Kreditwesengesetzes 
oder 
einer 
Nachfolgeregelung, 
welche 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen im Rang nachgehen), 
vorbehaltlich 
jedoch 
eines 
Vorrangs, 
der 
bestimmten 
nicht 
besicherten 
und 
nicht 
nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten im Fall von 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Emittentin oder im Fall der Auflösung, der 
Liquidation oder der Insolvenz der Emittentin oder 
eines anderen der Abwendung der Insolvenz 
dienenden Verfahrens gegen die Emittentin 
aufgrund gesetzlicher Bestimmungen eingeräumt 
wird.] 
[(1) Status of the Notes. The Notes are intended to 
qualify as eligible liabilities for the minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities of 
the Issuer (MREL). The obligations under the Notes 
constitute 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and, save for applicable 
laws and regulations, rank pari passu among 
themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
(except for obligations under debt instruments 
(Schuldtitel) pursuant to § 46f (6) and (9) of the 
German Banking Act (Kreditwesengesetz) or any 
successor provision which rank junior to the Notes), 
subject, however, to statutory priorities conferred to 
certain unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
in the event of resolution measures imposed on the 
Issuer or in the event of the dissolution, liquidation, 
insolvency or other proceedings for the avoidance 
of insolvency of, or against, the Issuer.] 
Der folgende Absatz (1) ist nur auf nicht 
nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, die sich als 
nicht 
nachrangige 
MREL- 
berücksichtigungsfähige 
nicht 
bevorrechtigte 
Schuldtitel 
gemäß 
§ 46f 
Absatz 6 
KWG 
qualifizieren sollen: 
The following paragraph (1) shall only apply to 
senior Floating Rate Notes which shall qualify as 
senior non-preferred MREL-eligible debt 
pursuant to § 46f (6) KWG 
[(1) 
Rang 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sollen 
berücksichtigungsfähige Verbindlichkeiten für die 
Mindestanforderung 
an 
Eigenmittel 
und 
berücksichtigungsfähige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
(Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and 
Eligible 
Liabilities 
– 
MREL) 
sein. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht besicherte 
und 
nicht 
nachrangige 
nicht 
bevorrechtigte 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin unter Schuldtiteln 
gemäß § 46f Absatz 6 des Kreditwesengesetzes 
("KWG") 
oder 
einer 
Nachfolgeregelung 
("Schuldtitel"), die untereinander und mit allen 
anderen nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen 
nicht bevorrechtigten Verbindlichkeiten unter 
Schuldtiteln der Emittentin, einschließlich nicht 
nachrangiger 
nicht 
bevorrechtigter 
[(1) Status of the Notes. The Notes are intended to 
qualify as eligible liabilities for the minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities of 
the Issuer (MREL). The obligations under the Notes 
constitute unsecured and unsubordinated senior 
non-preferred obligations of the Issuer under debt 
instruments (Schuldtitel) within the meaning of 
§ 46f (6) 
of 
the 
German 
Banking 
Act 
(Kreditwesengesetz, "KWG") or any successor 
provision ("Debt Instruments") and, save for 
applicable laws and regulations, rank pari passu 
among themselves and pari passu with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated senior non-preferred 
obligations under Debt Instruments of the Issuer, 
including senior non-preferred obligations under 
Debt Instruments referred to in § 46f (9) KWG, but 
junior to all other unsecured and unsubordinated

--- Page 82 ---
- 77 - 
 
Verbindlichkeiten 
unter 
Schuldtiteln 
gemäß 
§ 46f Absatz 9 KWG, gleichrangig sind, aber 
nachrangig sind zu allen anderen nicht besicherten 
und nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin, vorbehaltlich jedoch eines Vorrangs, 
der bestimmten nicht besicherten und nicht 
nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten im Fall von 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Emittentin oder im Fall der Auflösung, der 
Liquidation oder der Insolvenz der Emittentin oder 
eines anderen der Abwendung der Insolvenz 
dienenden Verfahrens gegen die Emittentin 
aufgrund gesetzlicher Bestimmungen eingeräumt 
wird.] 
obligations of the Issuer, subject, however, to 
statutory priorities conferred to certain unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations in the event of 
resolution measures imposed on the Issuer or in the 
event of the dissolution, liquidation, insolvency or 
other proceedings for the avoidance of insolvency 
of, or against, the Issuer.] 
Die folgenden Absätze (2) bis (5) sind nur auf 
nicht 
nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, 
die 
als 
MREL-berücksichtigungsfähige 
Schuldtitel 
qualifizieren sollen: 
The following paragraphs (2) to (5) shall only 
apply to senior Floating Rate Notes which shall 
qualify as MREL-eligible debt: 
[(2) Keine Aufrechnung. Die Aufrechnung von 
Forderungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen gegen 
Forderungen der Emittentin ist ausgeschlossen. 
Den Gläubigern wird für ihre Forderungen aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen keine Sicherheit oder 
Garantie gestellt; bereits gestellte oder zukünftig 
gestellte 
Sicherheiten 
oder 
Garantien 
im 
Zusammenhang mit anderen Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin haften nicht für Forderungen aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
[(2) No set-off. The set off of claims arising under 
the Notes against any claims of the Issuer is 
excluded. No security or guarantee shall be 
provided at any time securing claims of the Holders 
under the Notes; any security or guarantee already 
provided or granted in the future in connection with 
other liabilities of the Issuer may not be used for 
claims under the Notes. 
(3) Rückzahlung. Eine Rückzahlung, ein Rückkauf 
durch die Emittentin, eine Ersetzung oder eine 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vor 
Endfälligkeit 
ist 
nur 
mit 
einer 
vorherigen 
Zustimmung der hierfür zuständigen Behörde 
zulässig, sofern gesetzlich erforderlich, und soweit 
die Anforderungen der Artikel 77 und 78a der 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 575/2013 des Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 26. Juni 2013 über 
Aufsichtsanforderungen an Kreditinstitute und 
Wertpapierfirmen 
und 
zur 
Änderung 
der 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 646/2012, in der jeweils 
gültigen Fassung, erfüllt sind. Werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig unter anderen als 
den in diesem § 2 Absatz 3 beschriebenen 
Umständen zurückgezahlt oder von der Emittentin 
zurückerworben, so ist der zurückgezahlte oder 
gezahlte Betrag der Emittentin ohne Rücksicht auf 
entgegenstehende 
Vereinbarungen 
zurück 
zu 
gewähren. 
(3) Redemption. Any redemption, repurchase by the 
Issuer, substitution or termination of the Notes prior 
to their scheduled maturity is subject to the prior 
approval of the competent authority, if legally 
required, and must meet the conditions set out 
Articles 77 and 78a of Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013 of the European Parliament of the 
Council 
of 
26 June 2013 
on 
prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 646/2012, 
as amended. If the Notes are redeemed or 
repurchased by the Issuer otherwise than in the 
circumstances described in this § 2 paragraph 3, 
then the amounts redeemed or paid must be 
returned to the Issuer irrespective of any agreement 
to the contrary.

--- Page 83 ---
- 78 - 
 
(4) Befugnisse der zuständigen Behörde. Nach den 
für 
die 
Emittentin 
geltenden 
Abwicklungsvorschriften 
unterliegen 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
den 
Befugnissen 
der 
zuständigen Behörde: 
(4) Powers of the competent authority. Under the 
relevant resolution laws and regulations as 
applicable to the Issuer from time to time, the Notes 
may be subject to the powers exercised by the 
competent resolution authority to: 
(a) 
Ansprüche 
auf 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ganz 
oder 
teilweise herabzuschreiben, 
(a) 
write down, including write down to zero, 
the claims for payment in respect of the 
Notes; 
(b) 
diese Ansprüche in Anteile oder sonstige 
Instrumente des harten Kernkapitals (i) der 
Emittentin, (ii) eines gruppenangehörigen 
Unternehmens 
oder 
(iii) 
eines 
Brückeninstituts umzuwandeln und solche 
Instrumente an die Gläubiger auszugeben 
oder zu übertragen, und/oder 
(b) 
convert these claims into ordinary shares of 
(i) the Issuer or (ii) any group entity or (iii) 
any bridge bank or other instruments of 
ownership qualifying as common equity 
tier 1 capital (and the issue to or conferral 
on the counterparty of such instruments); 
and/or 
(c) 
sonstige 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen 
anzuwenden, 
einschließlich 
(ohne 
Beschränkung) (i) einer Übertragung der 
Schuldverschreibungen auf einen anderen 
Rechtsträger, (ii) einer Änderung der 
Bedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen 
oder (iii) deren Löschung; 
(c) 
apply any other resolution measure, 
including, but not limited to, (i) any 
transfer of the Notes to another entity, (ii) 
the amendment, modification or variation 
of the Terms and Conditions or (iii) the 
cancellation of the Notes; 
(jede eine "Abwicklungsmaßnahme"). 
(each, a "Resolution Measure"). 
(5) 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen. 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen, 
welche 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffen, sind für die 
Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen verbindlich. 
Aufgrund einer Abwicklungsmaßnahme bestehen 
keine Ansprüche oder andere Rechte gegen die 
Emittentin. Insbesondere stellt die Anordnung einer 
Abwicklungsmaßnahme keinen Kündigungsgrund 
des Gläubigers dar. 
(5) Resolution Measure. The Holders shall be 
bound by any Resolution Measure. No Holder shall 
have any claim or other right against the Issuer 
arising out of any Resolution Measure. In 
particular, the exercise of any Resolution Measure 
shall not constitute an event of default resulting in 
a termination right of the Holder.] 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Zinszahlungstage. 
(1) Interest Payment Dates. 
(a) 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
bezogen auf ihren Gesamtnennbetrag ab 
dem [Verzinsungsbeginn] (einschließlich) 
(der "Verzinsungsbeginn") bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
und 
danach 
von 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) verzinst. 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind 
an jedem Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
(a) 
The Notes bear interest on their aggregate 
principal 
amount 
from 
[Interest 
Commencement Date] (including) (the 
"Interest Commencement Date") to the 
first Interest Payment Date (excluding) and 
thereafter from each Interest Payment Date 
(including) to the next following Interest 
Payment Date (excluding). Interest on the 
Notes shall be payable on each Interest 
Payment Date. 
(b) 
"Zinszahlungstag" 
bedeutet 
jeder 
[Zinszahlungstage], 
der 
erste 
Zinszahlungstag 
ist 
der 
[erster 
Zinszahlungstag] 
(der 
"erste 
Zinszahlungstag"). 
(b) 
"Interest Payment Date" means each 
[Interest Payment Dates], the first Interest 
Payment Date is [First Interest Payment 
Date] (the "First Interest Payment 
Date").

--- Page 84 ---
- 79 - 
 
Der folgende Absatz (c) ist nur auf nicht 
nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, bei denen die 
Zinsperioden angepasst werden und deren 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
die 
Folgender-
Geschäftstag-Konvention ist: 
The following paragraph (c) shall only apply to 
senior Floating Rate Notes where the Interest 
Periods are adjusted and the applicable Business 
Day Convention is the Following Business Day 
Convention: 
[(c) 
Fällt ein in Absatz 1 (b) festgelegter 
Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der kein 
Geschäftstag (wie nachfolgend definiert) 
ist, so wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den 
nachfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben. 
Der Gläubiger hat Anspruch auf weitere 
Zinszahlung für jeden zusätzlichen Tag, 
um den der Zinszahlungstag nach hinten 
verschoben wird.] 
[(c) 
If any Interest Payment Date as specified 
in paragraph 1 (b) would otherwise fall on 
a day which is not a Business Day (as 
defined below), it shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day. The 
Holder is entitled to further interest for 
each additional day the Interest Payment 
Date is postponed.] 
Der folgende Absatz (c) ist nur auf nicht 
nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, bei denen die 
Zinsperioden angepasst werden und deren 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
die 
Modifizierte-
Folgender-Geschäftstag-Konvention ist: 
The following paragraph (c) shall only apply to 
senior Floating Rate Notes where the Interest 
Periods are adjusted and the applicable Business 
Day Convention is the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention: 
[(c) 
Fällt ein in Absatz 1 (b) festgelegter 
Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der kein 
Geschäftstag (wie nachfolgend definiert) 
ist, so wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den 
nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben, 
es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den 
nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem 
Fall wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den 
unmittelbar vorhergehenden Geschäftstag 
vorgezogen. Der Gläubiger hat Anspruch 
auf weitere Zinszahlungen für jeden 
zusätzlichen 
Tag, 
um 
den 
der 
Zinszahlungstag nach hinten verschoben 
wird. Für den Fall jedoch, in dem der 
Zinszahlungstag 
auf 
den 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen 
wird, so hat der Gläubiger nur Anspruch 
auf Zinsen bis zum so vorgezogenen 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich), nicht 
jedoch bis zum in Absatz 1 (b) festgelegten 
Zinszahlungstag.] 
[(c) 
If any Interest Payment Date as specified 
in paragraph 1 (b) would otherwise fall on 
a day which is not a Business Day (as 
defined below), it shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event the Interest Payment 
Date shall be the immediately preceding 
Business Day. The Holder is entitled to 
further interest for each additional day the 
Interest Payment Date is postponed. 
However, in the event that the Interest 
Payment Date is brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day, the 
Holder will only be entitled to interest until 
the Interest Payment Date so brought 
forward (excluding) and not until the 
Interest Payment Date as specified in 
paragraph 1 (b).] 
Der folgende Absatz (c) ist nur auf nicht 
nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, bei denen die 
Zinsperioden angepasst werden und deren 
Geschäftstagekonvention die Vorangegangener-
Geschäftstag-Konvention ist: 
The following paragraph (c) shall only apply to 
senior Floating Rate Notes where the Interest 
Periods are adjusted and the applicable Business 
Day Convention is the Preceding Business Day 
Convention: 
[(c) 
Fällt ein in Absatz 1 (b) festgelegter 
Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der kein 
Geschäftstag (wie nachfolgend definiert) 
ist, so wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den 
unmittelbar vorhergehenden Geschäftstag 
vorgezogen. Wird der Zinszahlungstag auf 
den 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden 
Geschäftstag vorgezogen, so hat der 
[(c) 
If any Interest Payment Date as specified 
in paragraph 1 (b) would otherwise fall on 
a day which is not a Business Day (as 
defined below), it shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business 
Day. If the Interest Payment Date is 
brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day, the Holder will

--- Page 85 ---
- 80 - 
 
Gläubiger nur Anspruch auf Zinsen bis 
zum so vorgezogenen Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich), nicht jedoch bis zum in 
Absatz 1 
(b) 
festgelegten 
Zinszahlungstag.] 
only be entitled to interest until the Interest 
Payment 
Date 
so 
brought 
forward 
(excluding) and not until the Interest 
Payment 
Date 
as 
specified 
in 
paragraph 1 (b).] 
Der folgende Absatz (c) ist nur auf nicht 
nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, bei denen die 
Zinsperioden nicht angepasst werden: 
The following paragraph (c) shall only apply to 
senior Floating Rate Notes where the Interest 
Periods are unadjusted: 
[(c) 
Fällt ein in Absatz 1 (b) festgelegter 
Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der kein 
Geschäftstag (wie nachfolgend definiert) 
ist, so wird die Zahlung der Zinsen (aber 
nicht der Zinszahlungstag selbst) auf den 
nachfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben. 
Den Gläubigern stehen keine weiteren 
Zinsen 
aufgrund 
einer 
solchen 
Verschiebung der Zahlung zu.] 
[(c) 
If any Interest Payment Date as specified 
in paragraph 1 (b) would otherwise fall on 
a day which is not a Business Day (as 
defined below), the payment of interest 
(but not the Interest Payment Date itself) 
shall be postponed to the next day which is 
a Business Day. The Holder shall not be 
entitled to further interest in respect of such 
delay.] 
(d) 
In diesem § 3 bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem (i) [das Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System (TARGET2) 
und] 
[die 
Geschäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte in [Stockholm] [anderes 
relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] und] 
(ii) das Clearing System Zahlungen 
abwickeln. 
(d) 
In this § 3, "Business Day" means any day 
which is a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which (i) [the Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross settlement 
Express Transfer system (TARGET2) and] 
[commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets 
in 
[Stockholm][insert 
other 
relevant Financial Centre] and] (ii) the 
Clearing System settle payments. 
(2) Zinssatz. 
(2) Rate of Interest. 
(a) 
Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für die 
jeweilige Zinsperiode (wie nachfolgend 
definiert) wird von der Berechnungsstelle 
(wie in § 6 definiert) gemäß folgender 
Formel bestimmt: 
(a) 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") 
for each Interest Period (as defined below) 
is determined by the Calculation Agent (as 
defined in § 6) in accordance with the 
following formula: 
[Referenzsatz 
[[zuzüglich][abzüglich] 
Marge]] 
[Reference Rate [[plus][minus] Margin]] 
[X multipliziert mit Referenzsatz plus Y] 
[X multiplied with Reference Rate plus Y] 
[Y plus X multipliziert mit (Referenzsatz(1) 
minus Referenzsatz(2))] 
[Y plus X multiplied with (Reference 
Rate(1) minus Reference Rate(2))] 
"Referenzsatz[(1)]" ist, sofern nachfolgend 
nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, der 
Angebotssatz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz 
per annum) für Einlagen in Euro mit einer 
Laufzeit von [Anzahl Wochen/Monate 
einfügen] beginnend am selben Tag wie 
die 
jeweilige 
Zinsperiode 
(die 
"Maßgebliche Laufzeit[(1)]"), der auf der 
Bildschirmseite 
(wie 
nachfolgend 
definiert) am Zinsfestlegungstag (wie 
nachfolgend definiert) gegen 11.00 Uhr 
(Brüsseler Ortszeit) angezeigt wird, wobei 
"Reference 
Rate[(1)]" 
is, 
except 
as 
provided below, the offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for deposits in Euro with a maturity of 
[insert weeks/months] commencing on the 
same day as the relevant Interest Period 
(the "Relevant Period[(1)]") which appears 
on the Screen Page (as defined below) as 
of 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
Interest Determination Date (as defined 
below), 
all 
as 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 86 ---
- 81 - 
 
alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
["Referenzsatz(2)" ist, sofern nachfolgend 
nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, der 
Angebotssatz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz 
per annum) für Einlagen in Euro mit einer 
Laufzeit von [Anzahl Wochen/Monate 
einfügen] beginnend am selben Tag wie 
die 
jeweilige 
Zinsperiode 
(die 
"Maßgebliche Laufzeit(2)"), der auf der 
Bildschirmseite 
(wie 
nachfolgend 
definiert) am Zinsfestlegungstag (wie 
nachfolgend definiert) gegen 11.00 Uhr 
(Brüsseler Ortszeit) angezeigt wird, wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle erfolgen.] 
["Reference Rate(2)" is, except as provided 
below, the offered quotation (expressed as 
a percentage rate per annum) for deposits 
in Euro with a maturity of [insert 
weeks/months] commencing on the same 
day as the relevant Interest Period (the 
"Relevant Period(2)") which appears on 
the Screen Page (as defined below) as of 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date (as defined below), all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent.] 
[Die "Marge" beträgt [●] % per annum.] 
[The 
"Margin" 
is 
[●] per cent. 
per 
annum.] 
["X" ist [plus][minus] [●] % per annum. 
["X" is [plus][minus] is [●] per cent. per 
annum. 
"Y" ist [0][[plus][minus] [●] % per 
annum.]] 
"Y" is [0][[plus][minus] [●] per cent. per 
annum.]] 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet jeweils den 
Zeitraum 
vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauf 
folgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
"Interest Period" means each period from 
the 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
(including) to the first Interest Payment 
Date (excluding) and from each Interest 
Payment Date (including) to the following 
Interest Payment Date (excluding). 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[zweiten][anderer 
relevanter 
Tag] 
TARGET-Geschäftstag vor [Beginn der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode][dem jeweiligen 
Zinszahlungstag]. 
"Interest Determination Date" means the 
[second][other relevant day] TARGET-
Business Day prior to the [commencement 
of the relevant Interest Period][respective 
Interest Payment Date]. 
"TARGET-Geschäftstag" 
bezeichnet 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem das Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System (TARGET2) 
Zahlungen abwickelt. 
"TARGET Business Day" means a day on 
which 
TARGET2 
(Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
System) 
settles 
payments. 
"Bildschirmseite" bedeutet [Bildschirm-
seite]. 
"Screen Page" means [relevant screen 
page]. 
(b) 
Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite 
nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder wird der 
Referenzsatz [(1), bzw. der Referenzsatz(2)] 
nicht angezeigt (in jedem dieser Fälle zu 
der 
genannten 
Zeit) 
und 
ist 
kein 
Benchmark 
Ereignis 
im 
Sinne 
von 
Absatz ([5][6][7]) eingetreten, wird die 
Berechnungsstelle die Emittentin hierüber 
informieren und die Emittentin (die der 
Berechnungsstelle die Angebotssätze zur 
(b) 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no 
such quotation for the Reference Rate[(1) or 
the case may be, the Reference Rate(2)] 
appears (in each case as at such time), and 
if no Benchmark Event occurs in 
accordance with paragraph ([5][6][7]), the 
Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer 
hereof and the Issuer shall request each of 
the Reference Banks (as defined below) to 
provide the Issuer (who shall provide to the

--- Page 87 ---
- 82 - 
 
Verfügung 
stellt) 
wird 
von 
den 
Referenzbanken 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) deren jeweilige Angebotssätze 
(jeweils als 
Prozentsatz 
per annum 
ausgedrückt) 
für 
Einlagen 
in 
der 
festgelegten Währung für die Maßgebliche 
Laufzeit[(1), 
bzw. 
die 
Maßgebliche 
Laufzeit(2)] in einer Höhe, die repräsentativ 
ist für eine solche Interbanken-Markt 
Einzeltransaktion im Interbankenmarkt in 
der Euro-Zone (wie nachstehend definiert), 
gegenüber 
erstklassigen 
Banken 
jeweiligen Interbanken-Markt um ca. 
11.00 
Uhr 
Brüsseler 
Ortszeit 
am 
Zinsfestlegungstag anfordern. Falls zwei 
oder 
mehr 
Referenzbanken 
der 
Berechnungsstelle solche Angebotssätze 
für die Maßgebliche Laufzeit[(1), bzw. die 
Maßgebliche Laufzeit(2)] nennen, ist der 
Referenzsatz[(1), bzw. der Referenzsatz(2)] 
für die betreffende Zinsperiode das 
arithmetische Mittel dieser Angebotssätze 
(falls erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet 
auf das nächste ein Tausendstel Prozent, 
wobei 0,0005 aufgerundet wird), wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
Calculation Agent) with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for the Relevant Period[(1) or the 
case may be, Relevant Period(2)] in an 
amount that is representative for such a 
single interbank market transaction in the 
interbank market in the Euro Zone (as 
defined below) to prime banks in the 
relevant interbank market at approximately 
11.00 a. m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations for the 
Relevant Period[(1) or the case may be, 
Relevant Period(2)] the Reference Rate[(1) 
or the case may be, Reference Rate(2)] for 
such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded up- or downwards if 
necessary to the nearest one thousandth of 
a percentage point, with 0.0005 being 
rounded 
upwards) 
of 
such 
offered 
quotations, 
as 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent. 
Falls 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag nur eine oder keine der 
ausgewählten 
Referenzbanken 
der 
Emittentin (die die Angebotsätze der 
Berechnungsstelle zur Verfügung stellt) 
die im vorstehenden Absatz beschriebenen 
Angebotssätze 
für 
die 
Maßgebliche 
Laufzeit[(1), 
bzw. 
die 
Maßgebliche 
Laufzeit(2)] nennt, ist der Angebotssatz für 
die Maßgebliche Laufzeit[(1), bzw. die 
Maßgebliche Laufzeit(2)] der Satz per 
annum, den die Berechnungsstelle als das 
arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, 
auf- oder abgerundet auf das nächste 
Tausendstel 
Prozent, 
wobei 
0,0005 
aufgerundet wird) der Sätze ermittelt, die 
von der Emittentin nach Treu und Glauben 
ausgewählte 
Großbanken 
im 
Interbankenmarkt der Berechnungsstelle 
auf Anfrage der Emittentin als den 
jeweiligen Satz nennen, zu dem sie um 
11.00 
Uhr 
(Brüsseler 
Ortszeit) 
am 
betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag Darlehen 
in der Festgelegten Währung mit der 
Maßgeblichen 
Laufzeit[(1), 
bzw. 
die 
Maßgebliche Laufzeit(2)] und über einen 
repräsentativen 
Betrag 
gegenüber 
führenden europäischen Banken anbieten. 
If on the relevant Interest Determination 
Day only one or none of the Reference 
Banks provide(s) the Issuer (who provides 
the Calculation Agent) with such offered 
quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph for the Relevant Period[(1) or as 
the case may be, Relevant Period(2)], the 
offered 
quotation 
for 
the 
Relevant 
Period[(1) or as the case may be, Relevant 
Period(2)] shall be the rate per annum which 
the Calculation Agent determines as being 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary 
to the nearest one thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.0005 being 
rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to the Calculation Agent by 
the Issuer at the request of the Issuer by 
major banks in the Euro-Zone interbank 
market, selected by the Issuer acting in 
good faith, at which such banks offer, as at 
11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Day, loans in the 
Specified Currency for the Relevant 
Period[(1) or as the case may be, Relevant 
Period(2)] and in a representative amount to 
leading European banks. 
Wenn der Angebotssatz nicht nach 
Maßgabe der vorstehenden Bestimmungen 
in diesem Absatz (b) ermittelt werden 
If the offered quotation cannot be 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
foregoing provisions in this paragraph (b),

--- Page 88 ---
- 83 - 
 
kann, so ist der Angebotssatz für die 
Maßgebliche 
Laufzeit[(1), 
bzw. 
die 
Maßgebliche 
Laufzeit(2)] 
derjenige 
Angebotssatz, 
wie 
er 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite an dem letzten Tag vor 
dem jeweiligen Zinsfestlegungstag, an 
dem der Angebotssatz für die Maßgebliche 
Laufzeit[(1), 
bzw. 
die 
Maßgebliche 
Laufzeit(2)] 
noch 
angezeigt 
wurde, 
angezeigt worden ist. 
the offered quotation for the Relevant 
Period[(1) or as the case may be, Relevant 
Period(2)] shall be the offered quotation as 
displayed on the Screen Page on the last 
day preceding the Interest Determination 
Date on which such quotations for the 
Relevant Period[(1) or as the case may be, 
Relevant Period(2)] were offered. 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet diejenigen 
Niederlassungen 
von 
vier 
führenden 
Banken im Interbankenmarkt in der Euro-
Zone. 
"Reference Banks" means those offices of 
four major banks in the interbank market in 
the Euro Zone. 
"Euro-Zone" 
bezeichnet 
das 
Gebiet 
derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten 
der 
Europäischen Union, die gemäß dem 
Vertrag 
über 
die 
Gründung 
der 
Europäischen 
Gemeinschaft 
(unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 1957), 
geändert durch den Vertrag über die 
Europäische Union (unterzeichnet in 
Maastricht am 7. Februar 1992) und den 
Amsterdamer 
Vertrag 
vom 
2. Oktober 1997, in seiner jeweiligen 
Fassung, 
eine 
einheitliche 
Währung 
eingeführt haben oder jeweils eingeführt 
haben werden. 
"Euro-Zone" means the region comprised 
of those member states of the European 
Union that have adopted, or will have 
adopted from time to time, the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty 
establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as 
amended by the Treaty on European Union 
(signed in Maastricht on 7 February 1992) 
and 
the 
Amsterdam 
Treaty 
of 
2 October 1997, as further amended from 
time to time. 
Der folgende Absatz (3) ist nur für nicht 
nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, für die ein 
Mindestzinssatz gilt: 
The following paragraph (3) shall only apply to 
senior Floating Rate Notes where a Minimum 
Rate of Interest is applicable: 
[(3) Mindest-Zinssatz. Wenn der gemäß den obigen 
Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz niedriger ist als [Mindestzinssatz], so ist 
der 
Zinssatz 
für 
diese 
Zinsperiode 
[Mindestzinssatz].] 
[(3) Minimum Rate of Interest. If the Rate of 
Interest in respect of any Interest Period determined 
in accordance with the above provisions is less than 
[Minimum Rate of Interest], the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be [Minimum Rate of 
Interest].] 
Der folgende Absatz ([3][4]) ist nur für nicht 
nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, für die ein 
Höchstzinssatz gilt: 
The following paragraph ([3][4]) shall only apply 
to senior Floating Rate Notes where a Maximum 
Rate of Interest is applicable: 
[([3][4]) Höchst-Zinssatz. Wenn der gemäß den 
obigen Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode 
ermittelte Zinssatz höher ist als [Höchstzinssatz], 
so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
[Höchstzinssatz].] 
[([3][4]) Maximum Rate of Interest. If the Rate of 
Interest in respect of any Interest Period determined 
in accordance with the above provisions is greater 
than [Maximum Rate of Interest], the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be [Maximum 
Rate of Interest].] 
([3][4][5]) Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird 
zu oder baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an 
dem der Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Zinsbetrag 
bezogen auf den Gesamtnennbetrag für die 
entsprechende Zinsperiode (der "Zinsbetrag") 
([3][4][5]) Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent 
will, on or as soon as practicable after each time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
calculate the amount of interest payable on the 
Notes in respect of the aggregate principal amount 
for the relevant Interest Period (the "Interest

--- Page 89 ---
- 84 - 
 
berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, indem 
der Zinssatz und der Zinstagequotient (wie 
nachfolgend definiert) auf den Gesamtnennbetrag 
angewendet werden (falls erforderlich, auf- oder 
abgerundet). 
Amount"). Each Interest Amount shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest and the 
Day Count Fraction (as defined below) to the 
aggregate principal amount (rounded up- or 
downwards if necessary). 
([4][5][6]) Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der 
Zinssatz, 
der 
Zinsbetrag 
für 
die 
jeweilige 
Zinsperiode, die jeweilige Zinsperiode und der 
betreffende Zinszahlungstag der Emittentin, dem 
Fiscal Agent, den Zahlstellen sowie den Gläubigern 
gemäß § 11 baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls später 
als am vierten auf die Berechnung jeweils 
folgenden Geschäftstag (wie in § 3 Absatz 1 (d) 
definiert) sowie jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert 
sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse 
verlangen, baldmöglichst nach der Bestimmung, 
aber keinesfalls später als am ersten Tag der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode mitgeteilt werden. Im Fall 
einer 
Verlängerung 
oder 
Verkürzung 
der 
Zinsperiode können der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und 
Zinszahlungstag 
ohne 
Vorankündigung 
nachträglich geändert (oder andere geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede 
solche Änderung wird umgehend der Emittentin, 
dem Fiscal Agent, den Zahlstellen, allen Börsen, an 
denen die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine 
Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, sowie den 
Gläubigern gemäß § 11 mitgeteilt. 
([4][5][6]) Notification of Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will cause 
the Rate of Interest, each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period, each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and to 
the Holders in accordance with § 11 as soon as 
possible after their determination, but in no event 
later than the fourth Business Day (as defined in § 3 
(1)(d)) thereafter and if required by the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are from time 
to time listed, to such stock exchange as soon as 
possible after their determination, but in no event 
later than the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way 
of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any 
such amendment will be promptly notified to the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are then listed 
and to the Holders in accordance with § 11. 
[(5)][(6)][(7)] Wegfall eines Referenzsatzes. 
([5][6][7]) Discontinuation of a Reference Rate. 
(a) 
Wenn ein Benchmark Ereignis in Bezug 
auf 
den 
Referenzsatz[(1), 
bzw. 
den 
Referenzsatz(2) 
(Referenzsatz(1), 
bzw. 
Referenzsatz(2) jeweils soweit von einem 
Benchmark 
Ereignis 
betroffen 
der 
"jeweilige betroffene Referenzsatz")] 
eintritt 
und 
ein 
Zinssatz 
für 
eine 
Zinsperiode 
noch 
anhand 
dieses 
[jeweiligen betroffenen] Referenzsatzes 
festgelegt 
wird, 
dann 
ernennt 
die 
Emittentin unverzüglich unter zumutbaren 
Bemühungen 
einen 
Unabhängigen 
Berater, der, sobald wie vernünftigerweise 
möglich, einen Nachfolgezinssatz oder 
anderenfalls 
einen 
Alternativzinssatz 
(jeweils gemäß § 3 Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)] 
(b)) und in beiden Fällen gegebenenfalls 
eine 
Anpassungsspanne 
(gemäß 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)](c)) 
festlegt 
und 
etwaige Benchmark Änderungen (gemäß 
§ 3 Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)](d)) vornimmt. 
(a) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to 
the Reference Rate[(1) or the Reference 
Rate(2) ( Reference Rate(1), or the Reference 
Rate(2), in each case as far as affected by a 
Benchmark Event, the "Relevant Affected 
Reference Rate")] when the Rate of 
Interest for any Interest Period remains to 
be determined by reference to such 
[Relevant Affected] Reference Rate, then 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavors to appoint without delay an 
Independent Adviser, who as soon as 
reasonably practicable, shall determine a 
Successor 
Rate, 
failing 
which 
an 
Alternative 
Rate 
(in 
each 
case 
in 
accordance with § 3([5][6][7])(b)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any 
(in accordance with § 3([5][6][7])(c)) and 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
(in 
accordance with § 3([5][6][7])(d)). 
Außer im Falle von grober Fahrlässigkeit 
oder Vorsatz, übernimmt der Unabhängige 
Berater keinerlei Haftung gegenüber der 
Emittentin, dem Fiscal Agent, - soweit 
In the absence of gross negligence or 
willful 
misconduct, 
the 
Independent 
Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying

--- Page 90 ---
- 85 - 
 
vorhanden - der bzw. den weitere(n) 
Zahlstelle(n) oder den Gläubigern für seine 
Festlegungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)]. 
Agent(s) (if any) or the Holders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this 
§ 3([5][6][7]). 
Wenn bis spätestens am 5. (fünften) 
Geschäftstag 
vor 
dem 
unmittelbar 
nachfolgenden Zinsfestlegungstag 
If by no later than the 5th Business Day 
prior to the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date 
(i) 
es 
der 
Emittentin 
unter 
zumutbaren Bemühungen nicht 
möglich ist, einen Unabhängigen 
Berater zu ernennen; oder 
(i) 
it is not possible for the Issuer 
making reasonable efforts to 
appoint an Independent Adviser; 
or 
(ii) 
der ernannte Unabhängige Berater 
keinen Nachfolgezinssatz oder 
anderenfalls 
keinen 
Alternativzinssatz gemäß diesem 
§ 3 Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)] festlegt, 
(ii) 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine 
a Successor Rate or, failing which, 
an Alternative Rate in accordance 
with this § 3([5][6][7]), 
entspricht 
der 
[jeweilige 
betroffene] 
Referenzsatz 
der 
unmittelbar 
nachfolgenden 
Zinsperiode 
dem 
[jeweiligen betroffenen] Referenzsatz, der 
zum letzten Zinsfestlegungstag anwendbar 
war. 
Falls 
es 
keinen 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag gab, ist der [jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatz 
der 
entsprechende Referenzsatz, der für die 
erste Zinsperiode anwendbar war. Die 
Möglichkeit der vorzeitigen Rückzahlung 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)](h) bleibt hiervon 
unberührt. 
the [Relevant Affected] Reference Rate 
applicable to the immediately following 
Interest Period shall be the [Relevant 
Affected] Reference Rate applicable as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date. If there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the [Relevant Affected] 
Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate 
applicable to the first Interest Period. The 
option of an Early Redemption by the 
Issuer pursuant to § 3([5][6][7])(h) shall 
remain unaffected hereby. 
Anpassungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)] 
gelten 
für 
die 
unmittelbar nachfolgenden Zinsperioden. 
Jede 
unmittelbar 
nachfolgende 
Zinsperiode unterliegt aber der weiteren 
Anwendbarkeit 
dieses 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)], 
soweit 
ein 
Benchmark Ereignis in Bezug auf den 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatz 
eintritt. 
Any 
adjustment 
pursuant 
to 
this 
§ 3([5][6][7]) 
shall 
apply 
to 
the 
immediately following Interest Periods. 
Any subsequent Interest Period may be 
subject to the subsequent operation of this 
§ 3([5][6][7]) if a Benchmark Event occurs 
in relation to the [Relevant Affected] 
Reference Rate. 
(b) 
Im Fall, dass der Unabhängige Berater 
nach billigem Ermessen bestimmt, dass: 
(b)  
If the Independent Adviser determines in 
its discretion that: 
(i) 
es einen Nachfolgezinssatz gibt, 
dann ist dieser Nachfolgezinssatz 
(vorbehaltlich 
etwaiger 
Änderungen 
gemäß 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)](c)) an Stelle 
des 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatzes maßgeblich, um 
den Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
und alle folgenden Zinsperioden 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
weiteren 
Anwendbarkeit 
dieses 
§ 3 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then 
such Successor Rate shall (subject 
to 
adjustment 
as 
provided 
in§ 3([5][6][7])(c)) subsequently 
be used in place of the [Relevant 
Affected] 
Reference 
Rate 
to 
determine the Rate of Interest for 
the 
immediately 
following 
Interest Period and all following 
Interest Periods, subject to the

--- Page 91 ---
- 86 - 
 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)] 
zu 
bestimmen; oder 
subsequent 
operation 
of this 
§ 3([5][6][7]); or 
(ii) 
es keinen Nachfolgezinssatz aber 
einen 
Alternativzinssatz 
gibt, 
dann ist dieser Alternativzinssatz 
(vorbehaltlich 
etwaiger 
Änderungen 
gemäß 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)](c)) an Stelle 
des 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatzes maßgeblich, um 
den Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
und alle folgenden Zinsperioden 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
weiteren 
Anwendbarkeit 
dieses 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)] 
zu 
bestimmen. 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that 
there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such 
Alternative 
Rate 
shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided 
in § 3([5][6][7])(c)) subsequently 
be used in place of the [Relevant 
Affected] 
Reference 
Rate 
to 
determine the Rate of Interest for 
the 
immediately 
following 
Interest Period and all following 
Interest Periods, subject to the 
subsequent 
operation 
of this 
§ 3([5][6][7]). 
(c) 
Wenn der Unabhängige Berater nach 
billigem Ermessen bestimmt, dass 
(c)  
If the Independent Adviser determines in 
its discretion 
(i) 
eine Anpassungsspanne auf den 
Nachfolgezinssatz 
oder 
gegebenenfalls 
den 
Alternativzinssatz anzuwenden ist 
und 
(i) 
that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and 
(ii) 
den Umfang, eine Formel oder die 
Methode zur Bestimmung einer 
solchen 
Anpassungsspanne 
festlegt, 
(ii) 
the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology 
for 
determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, 
dann findet eine solche Anpassungsspanne 
auf 
den 
Nachfolgezinssatz 
oder 
gegebenenfalls 
Alternativzinssatz 
Anwendung. 
then such Adjustment Spread shall apply to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be). 
(d) 
Sobald 
ein 
entsprechender 
Nachfolgezinssatz, Alternativzinssatz oder 
eine entsprechende Anpassungsspanne 
gemäß diesem § 3 Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)] 
festgelegt wird und der Unabhängige 
Berater nach billigem Ermessen 
(d) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with this § 3([5][6][7]) and 
the Independent Adviser in its discretion 
(i) 
bestimmt, 
dass 
Änderungen 
hinsichtlich dieser Bedingungen 
notwendig 
sind, 
um 
die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Anwendung 
eines 
Nachfolgezinssatz, 
Alternativzinssatz und / oder einer 
Anpassungsspanne 
zu 
gewährleisten (diese Änderungen, 
die "Benchmark Änderungen") 
und 
(i) 
determines that amendments to 
these Conditions of Issue are 
necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative 
Rate 
and 
/ 
or 
Adjustment 
Spread 
(such 
amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and 
(ii) 
die 
Bedingungen 
dieser 
Benchmark 
Änderungen 
bestimmt, 
(ii) 
determines the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, 
dann gelten jene Benchmark Änderungen 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
then, subject to the Issuer giving notice 
thereof 
in 
accordance 
with

--- Page 92 ---
- 87 - 
 
vorbehaltlich 
einer 
gemäß 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)](e) vorgeschriebenen 
Mitteilung durch die Emittentin, ab dem in 
der Mitteilung angegebenen Zeitpunkt. 
§ 3([5][6][7])(e), 
such 
Benchmark 
Amendments shall apply to the Notes with 
effect from the date specified in such 
notice. 
(e) 
Ein Nachfolgezinssatz, Alternativzinssatz, 
eine entsprechende Anpassungsspanne und 
die 
Bedingungen 
von 
Benchmark 
Änderungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)] sowie der Zeitpunkt, 
ab dem die Benchmark Änderungen 
gelten, 
werden 
unverzüglich, 
jedoch 
keinesfalls weniger als fünf Geschäftstage 
vor 
dem 
nächstfolgenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag, durch die Emittentin 
an den Fiscal Agent, die Berechnungsstelle 
und -soweit vorhanden- die weitere(n) 
Zahlstelle(n) sowie gemäß § 11 an die 
Gläubiger 
mitgeteilt. 
Eine 
solche 
Mitteilung ist unwiderruflich. 
(e) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments, 
determined under this § 3([5][6][7]) and 
the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments will be notified promptly, 
but in no event less than five Business 
Days prior to the immediately following 
Interest Determination Date, by the Issuer 
to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Paying Agent(s) (if any) and, in 
accordance with § 11, the Holders. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable. 
Zum gleichen Zeitpunkt wie die Mitteilung 
an den Fiscal Agent, übergibt die 
Emittentin 
diesem 
und 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
einen 
durch 
zwei 
Unterschriftsberechtigte der Emittentin 
unterzeichneten Nachweis, der 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of 
the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent a 
certificate signed by two authorized 
signatories of the Issuer: 
(i) 
auf Basis der Regelungen in 
diesem § 3 Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)] 
(A) bestätigt, dass ein Benchmark 
Ereignis eingetreten ist, (B) den 
Nachfolgezinssatz 
oder 
gegebenenfalls 
den 
Alternativzinssatz 
und 
soweit 
zutreffend die Anpassungsspanne 
mitteilt und (C) die Bedingungen 
der 
Benchmark 
Änderungen 
nachvollziehbar beschreibt; sowie 
(i) 
confirming in accordance with the 
provisions of this § 3([5][6][7]) 
(A) that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred, 
(B) 
the 
relevant 
Successor 
Rate 
or 
where 
applicable the relevant Alternative 
Rate and, (C) where applicable, 
any relevant Adjustment Spread 
and 
(D) 
describing 
comprehensible the specific terms 
of 
any 
relevant 
Benchmark 
Amendments; and 
(ii) 
bestätigt, dass die Benchmark 
Änderungen notwendig sind, um 
die ordnungsgemäße Anwendung 
eines solchen Nachfolgezinssatz, 
Alternativzinssatz und/oder der 
Anpassungsspanne 
zu 
gewährleisten. 
(ii) 
certifying 
that 
the 
relevant 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
are 
necessary to ensure the proper 
operation 
of 
such 
relevant 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread. 
Der 
Nachfolgezinssatz 
oder 
Alternativzinssatz, 
eine 
Anpassungsspanne (sofern zutreffend) und 
die 
Bedingungen 
der 
Benchmark 
Änderungen sind in der Form des 
Nachweises 
(mit 
Ausnahme 
von 
offensichtlichen 
Fehlern 
oder 
Bösgläubigkeit bei der Festlegung des 
Nachfolgezinssatzes 
oder 
Alternativzinssatzes, einer entsprechenden 
Anpassungsspanne 
(sofern 
zutreffend) 
oder der Beschreibung der Bedingungen 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
description 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments specified in such certificate 
will (in the absence of manifest error or bad 
faith in the determination of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and 
such Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
description 
of 
such 
Benchmark 
Amendments) be binding on the Issuer, the

--- Page 93 ---
- 88 - 
 
der Benchmark Änderungen) bindend für 
die Emittentin, den Fiscal Agent, die 
Berechnungsstelle, -soweit vorhanden- die 
weitere(n) Zahlstelle(n) und die Gläubiger. 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agent(s) (if any) and the Holders. 
(f) 
Vorbehaltlich der Verpflichtungen der 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)](a), (b), (c) und (d) 
bleiben 
der 
Referenzsatz 
und 
die 
Rückfallregelungen gemäß § 3 Absatz (2) 
bis 
zum 
Eintritt 
eines 
Benchmark 
Ereignisses anwendbar. Jede unmittelbar 
nachfolgende Zinsperiode unterliegt der 
weiteren 
Anwendbarkeit 
dieses 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)], 
soweit 
ein 
Benchmark Ereignis in Bezug auf den 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatz 
eintritt. 
(f) 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the 
Issuer under § 3([5][6][7])(a), (b), (c) and 
(d), the Reference Rate and the fallback 
provisions provided for in § 3(2) will 
continue to apply unless and until a 
Benchmark Event has occurred. Each 
directly following Interest Period shall be 
subject to the further applicability of this 
§ 3([5][6][7]) as far as a Benchmark Event 
has occurred in relation to the [Relevant 
Affected] Reference Rate. 
(g)  
Zur 
Verwendung 
in 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)] gilt wie folgt: 
(g)  
As used in this § 3([5][6][7]): 
"Anpassungsspanne" 
bezeichnet 
entweder die Differenz (positiv oder 
negativ) oder Formel oder die Methode zur 
Bestimmung einer solchen Spanne, die 
nach 
Bestimmung 
durch 
den 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
auf 
den 
Nachfolgezinssatz oder gegebenenfalls 
den Alternativzinssatz anzuwenden ist, um 
wirtschaftliche 
Nachteile 
oder 
gegebenenfalls Vorteile der Gläubiger, 
soweit unter den Umständen sinnvoll 
umsetzbar, 
zu 
reduzieren 
oder 
auszuschließen, die durch die Ersetzung 
des 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatzes 
durch 
die 
Nachfolgezinssatz oder gegebenenfalls 
den Alternativzinssatz entstehen und ist die 
Differenz oder Formel oder Methode, die: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a 
spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or methodology 
for calculating a spread, in either case, 
which the Independent Adviser determines 
is required to be applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, 
to 
the 
extent 
reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case 
may be) to Holders as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) and is the spread, formula 
or methodology which: 
(i) 
im Fall eines Nachfolgezinssatzes 
formell im Zusammenhang mit 
der Ersetzung des [jeweiligen 
betroffenen] Referenzsatzes durch 
den 
Nachfolgezinssatz 
vom 
Nominierungsgremium 
vorgeschlagen wird; oder (sofern 
keine 
Empfehlung 
abgegeben 
wurde 
oder 
im 
Fall 
eines 
Alternativzinssatzes); 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is 
formally recommended in relation 
to 
the 
replacement 
of 
the 
[Relevant Affected] Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; 
or (if no such recommendation has 
been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate) 
(ii) 
durch den Unabhängigen Berater 
als 
anerkannten 
und 
berücksichtigten 
Industriestandard für "over-the-
counter" derivative Geschäfte mit 
Bezug 
auf 
den 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] Referenzsatz, bei 
denen 
dieser 
durch 
den 
Nachfolgezinssatz 
oder 
(ii) 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
determines, is recognized or 
acknowledged 
as 
being 
the 
industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions 
which reference the [Relevant 
Affected] Reference Rate, where 
such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative

--- Page 94 ---
- 89 - 
 
gegebenenfalls 
den 
Alternativzinssatz ersetzt wurde, 
bestimmt wird; (oder, falls der 
Unabhängigen Berater bestimmt, 
dass es keinen anerkannten und 
berücksichtigten 
Industriestandard gibt) 
Rate (as the case may be); (or if 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
determines that no such industry 
standard 
is 
recognized 
or 
acknowledged) 
(iii) 
von dem Unabhängigen Berater 
als angemessen erachtet wird. 
(iii) 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
determines to be appropriate. 
"Alternativzinssatz" bezeichnet einen 
alternativen 
Referenzsatz 
oder 
Angebotssatz, welche, der Unabhängige 
Berater 
gemäß 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)](b) 
als 
zur 
Bestimmung von variablen Zinssätzen in 
der 
festgelegten 
Währung 
auf 
den 
internationalen 
Fremdkapitalmärkten 
marktüblich bestimmt. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative 
benchmark or offered quotation which the 
Independent 
Adviser 
determines 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 3([5][6][7])(b) 
is 
customary in market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of 
interest in the Specified Currency. 
"Benchmark 
Änderungen" 
hat 
die 
Bedeutung 
wie 
in 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)](d). 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the 
meaning given to it in § 3([5][6][7])(d). 
"Benchmark Ereignis" bezeichnet: 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung oder 
eine 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Informationen durch oder im 
Namen 
(i) 
der 
für 
den 
Administrator 
des 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatzes 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
oder (ii) des Administrators des 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatzes, die besagt, dass 
der 
Administrator 
die 
Bereitstellung 
des 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatzes 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte 
Zeit eingestellt hat oder einstellen 
wird, es sei denn, es gibt einen 
Nachfolgeadministrator, der den 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatz 
weiterhin 
bereitstellt; oder 
(i) 
a public statement or publication 
of information by or on behalf of 
(i) the regulatory supervisor of the 
[Relevant Affected] Reference 
Rate administrator or (ii) the 
[Relevant Affected] Reference 
Rate administrator stating that 
said administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the [Relevant 
Affected] 
Reference 
Rate 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely, 
unless 
there 
is 
a 
successor 
administrator that will continue to 
provide the [Relevant Affected] 
Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators des [jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatzes, 
wonach der [jeweilige betroffene] 
Referenzsatz ihrer Ansicht nach 
nicht mehr repräsentativ für den 
zugrunde liegenden Markt, den er 
zu messen vorgibt, ist oder sein 
wird, 
und 
keine 
von 
der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators des [jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatzes 
(ii) 
a 
public 
statement 
by 
the 
regulatory 
supervisor 
of 
the 
[Relevant Affected] Reference 
Rate administrator stating is made 
that, in its view, the [Relevant 
Affected] Reference Rate is no 
longer, or will no longer be, 
representative of the underlying 
market it purports to measure and 
no action to remediate such a 
situation is taken or expected to be 
taken as required by the supervisor

--- Page 95 ---
- 90 - 
 
geforderten 
Maßnahmen 
zur 
Behebung einer solchen Situation 
ergriffen worden sind oder zu 
erwarten sind; oder 
of 
the 
[Relevant 
Affected] 
Reference Rate administrator; or 
(iii) 
die Verwendung des [jeweiligen 
betroffenen] Referenzsatzes aus 
irgendeinem Grund nach einem 
Gesetz oder einer Verordnung, die 
in Bezug auf die Zahlstellen, die 
Berechnungsstelle, die Emittentin 
oder jeden Dritten anwendbar 
sind, rechtswidrig geworden ist; 
oder 
(iii) 
it has become, for any reason, 
unlawful under any law or 
regulation 
applicable 
to 
any 
Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer or any other 
party 
to 
use 
the 
[Relevant 
Affected] Reference Rate; or 
(iv) 
der 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatz 
ohne 
vorherige 
offizielle Ankündigung durch die 
zuständige Behörde oder den 
Administrator 
des 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatzes 
dauerhaft 
nicht 
mehr 
veröffentlicht wird. 
(iv) 
the [Relevant Affected] Reference 
Rate is permanently no longer 
published without any previous 
official announcement by the 
competent 
authority 
or 
the 
[Relevant Affected] Reference 
Rate administrator. 
"Nachfolgezinssatz" 
bezeichnet 
einen 
Nachfolger oder Ersatz des [jeweiligen 
betroffenen] Referenzsatzes, der formell 
durch 
das 
Nominierungsgremium 
vorgeschlagen wurde. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or 
replacement of the [Relevant Affected] 
Reference 
Rate 
which 
is 
formally 
recommended 
by 
any 
Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
"Nominierungsgremium" bezeichnet: 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means: 
(i) 
die Zentralbank für die Währung 
in der der Angebotssatz des 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatzes dargestellt wird 
oder eine Zentralbank oder andere 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die 
Aufsicht des Administrators des 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatzes zuständig ist; oder 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency 
to which the offered quotation of 
the [Relevant Affected] Reference 
Rate relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the [Relevant 
Affected] Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
jede Arbeitsgruppe oder Komitee 
gefördert durch, geführt oder 
mitgeführt von oder gebildet von 
(A) der Zentralbank für die 
Währung 
in 
welcher 
der 
Angebotssatz 
des 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatzes 
dargestellt 
wird, 
(B) 
einer 
Zentralbank 
oder 
anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die 
Aufsicht des Administrators des 
Referenzsatzes zuständig sind, (C) 
einer Gruppe der zuvor genannten 
Zentralbanken 
oder 
anderer 
Aufsichtsbehörden oder (D) dem 
Finanzstabilitätsrat 
(Financia/ 
Stability 
Board) 
oder 
Teilen 
davon. 
(ii) 
any working group or committee 
sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (A) the central bank for 
the currency to which the offered 
quotation 
of 
the 
[Relevant 
Affected] Reference Rate relates, 
(B) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference 
Rate (as applicable), (C) a group 
of the aforementioned central 
banks 
or 
other 
supervisory 
authorities or (D) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part 
thereof.

--- Page 96 ---
- 91 - 
 
"Unabhängiger Berater" bezeichnet ein 
von 
der 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
§ 3 
[(5)][(6)][(7)](a) ernanntes unabhängiges 
Finanzinstitut 
mit 
internationalem 
Ansehen oder einen anderen unabhängigen 
Finanzberater 
mit 
Erfahrung 
in 
internationalen Kapitalmärkten. 
"Independent 
Adviser" 
means 
an 
independent 
financial 
institution 
of 
international repute or other independent 
financial adviser experienced in the 
international capital markets, in each case 
appointed 
by 
the 
Issuer 
under 
§ 3([5][6][7])(a). 
(h) 
Im Falle, dass ein Nachfolgezinssatz oder 
Alternativzinssatz, 
eine 
etwaige 
erforderliche 
Anpassungspanne 
und 
jedwede 
sonstigen 
maßgeblichen 
Anpassungen eines Nachfolgezinssatzes 
oder 
Alternativzinssatzes 
nicht 
im 
Einklang 
mit 
den 
vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen festgelegt werden, kann die 
Emittentin durch Mitteilung an die 
Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen mit 
einer Frist von nicht weniger als 15 
Geschäftstagen 
gemäß 
§ 11 
und 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
vorherigen 
Genehmigung der zuständigen Behörde, 
soweit ein rechtliches Erfordernis besteht, 
bis 
zum 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
(ausschließlich), der unmittelbar auf den 
maßgeblichen Zinsfestlegungstag folgt, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise, zum vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
einschließlich 
etwaiger 
bis 
zum 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. 
Werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht gemäß den 
vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen 
zurückgezahlt, 
so 
finden 
die 
Bestimmungen dieses § 3[(5)][(6)][(7)](h) 
in Bezug auf den unmittelbar folgenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag erneut Anwendung. 
(h)  
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, 
any necessary Adjustment Spread and all 
other relevant adjustments of a Successor 
Rate 
or 
Alternative 
Rate 
are 
not 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
foregoing, the Issuer may, on giving at 
least 15 Business Days notice to the 
Holders in accordance with § 11, and 
subject to the prior approval of the 
competent authority, if legally required, up 
until 
(but 
excluding) 
the 
Interest 
Determination Day immediately following 
the relevant Interest Determination Day, 
redeem all but not some only of the Notes 
at the Early Redemption Amount together 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. If the Notes are not 
redeemed 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
foregoing, 
the 
provisions 
of 
this 
§ 3([5][6][7])(h) shall apply again in 
respect of such immediately following 
Interest Determination Day. 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur auf nicht nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, deren Zinstagequotient Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regelung 251) ist: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
senior Floating Rate Notes where Day Count 
Fraction Actual/Actual ICMA rule 251 is 
applicable: 
[Wenn (a) der Zinsberechnungszeitraum kürzer 
oder gleich der Feststellungsperiode ist, in die das 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
diesem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch das Produkt 
aus 
(i) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
dieser 
Feststellungsperiode und (ii) der Anzahl der 
Feststellungstage in einem Kalenderjahr; oder 
wenn (b) der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger ist 
als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das Ende des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, die Summe aus: 
[If (a) the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter 
than the Determination Period during which the 
Calculation Period ends, the number of days in such 
Calculation Period divided by the product of (i) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and 
(ii) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; or if (b) the Calculation 
Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Calculation Period ends, the sum 
of: 
(i) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, die in die 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, in welcher der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt 
durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der 
(i) 
the number of days in such Calculation 
Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Calculation Period begins 
divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2)

--- Page 97 ---
- 92 - 
 
Tage in dieser Feststellungsperiode und (2) 
der Anzahl der Feststellungstage in einem 
Kalenderjahr; und 
the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, die in die 
nächstfolgende 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
dieser 
Feststellungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstage 
in 
einem 
Kalenderjahr. 
(ii) 
the number of days in such Calculation 
Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination 
Period 
and 
(2) 
the 
number 
of 
Determination Dates that would occur in 
one calendar year. 
"Feststellungsperiode" bedeutet der Zeitraum von 
einem Feststellungstag (einschließlich) bis zu dem 
nächstfolgenden Feststellungstag (ausschließlich); 
dies schließt dann, wenn der Verzinsungsbeginn 
kein Feststellungstag ist, den Zeitraum ein, der an 
dem 
ersten 
Feststellungstag 
vor 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn anfängt, und dann, wenn der 
letzte Zinszahlungstag kein Feststellungstag ist, den 
Zeitraum ein, der an dem ersten Feststellungstag 
nach dem letzten Zinszahlungstag endet. 
"Determination Period" means the period from a 
Determination Date (including) to the next 
Determination Date (excluding), where the Interest 
Commencement Date is not a Determination Date, 
the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to the Interest Commencement Date, and 
where the final Interest Payment Date is not a 
Determination Date, the first Determination Date 
falling after the final Interest Payment Date. 
"Feststellungstag" bedeutet [Feststellungstag(e)] 
eines jeden Jahres.] 
"Determination Date" means [day, month] in each 
year.] 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur auf nicht nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, deren Zinstagequotient Actual/365 
(Fixed) ist: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
senior Floating Rate Notes where Day Count 
Fraction Actual/365 (Fixed) is applicable: 
[Die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 365.] 
[The actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.] 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur auf nicht nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, deren Zinstagequotient Actual/360 
ist: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
senior Floating Rate Notes where Day Count 
Fraction Actual/360 is applicable: 
[Die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360.] 
[The actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360.] 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur auf nicht nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, deren Zinstagequotient 30/360 ist: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
senior Floating Rate Notes where Day Count 
Fraction 30/360 is applicable: 
[Die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360, 
wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines 
Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 
Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (a) der letzte Tag 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag 
eines Monates, während der erste Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf den 30. noch 
auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, in welchem Fall 
der diesen Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 
30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (b) 
der letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt 
auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar, in 
[The number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day 
months (unless (a) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of 
the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th 
or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that 
includes that last day shall not be considered to be 
shortened to a 30-day month, or (b) the last day of 
the Calculation Period is the last day of the month 
of February in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month).]

--- Page 98 ---
- 93 - 
 
welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1) Zahlungen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Zahlungen 
von 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen nach Maßgabe des 
nachstehenden Absatzes 2 an das Clearingsystem 
oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten 
der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
(1) Payment of Principal and Interest. Payment of 
principal and interest in respect of the Notes shall 
be made, subject to paragraph (2) below, to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System. 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur auf nicht nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, die anfänglich durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
senior Floating Rate Notes which are initially 
represented by a Temporary Global Note: 
[Die 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
erfolgt 
nach 
Maßgabe von Absatz 2 an das Clearingsystem oder 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, und 
zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß 
§ 1 Absatz 3(b).] 
[Payment of interest on Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject to 
paragraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its order 
for credit to the accounts of the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System, upon due 
certification as provided in § 1(3)(b).] 
(2) 
Zahlungsweise. 
Vorbehaltlich 
geltender 
steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen 
und Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen in [Festgelegte 
Währung]. 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal 
and other laws and regulations, payments of 
amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made 
in [Specified Currency]. 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung 
der Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder dessen 
Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) Vereinigte Staaten. Für die Zwecke dieser 
Bedingungen bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" die 
Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich 
deren Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) 
sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto 
Ricos, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana 
Islands). 
(4) United States. For the purposes of these 
Conditions "United States" means the United 
States of America (including the States thereof and 
the District of Columbia) and its possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
(5) Zahltag. Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer 
Zahlung in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf 
einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der 
Gläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nächsten Zahltag. Der Gläubiger ist nicht 
berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen 
aufgrund dieses Zahlungsaufschubes zu verlangen. 
(5) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment 
of any amount in respect of any Note is not a 
Payment Business Day then the Holder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next Payment Business 
Day and shall not be entitled to further interest or 
other payment in respect of such delay. 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem (i) 
[das Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System (TARGET2) 
und] [die Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" 
means any day which is a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which (i) [the Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express 
Transfer system (TARGET2) and] [commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets in [relevant

--- Page 99 ---
- 94 - 
 
[relevantes Finanzzentrum] und] (ii) das Clearing 
System Zahlungen abwickeln. 
Financial Centre] and] (ii) the Clearing System 
settle payments. 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht 
Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu 
hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb 
von zwölf Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger 
sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine 
solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf das Recht der 
Rücknahme 
verzichtet 
wird, 
erlöschen 
die 
diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen 
die Emittentin. 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer 
may deposit with the local court (Amtsgericht) in 
Frankfurt am Main principal or interest not claimed 
by Holders within twelve months after the Maturity 
Date, even though such Holders may not be in 
default of acceptance of payment. If and to the 
extent that the deposit is effected and the right of 
withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such 
Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
(7) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital. Bezugnahmen in 
diesen 
Bedingungen 
auf 
Kapital 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
[und den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) der 
Schuldverschreibungen] mit ein. 
(7) References to Principal. References in these 
Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall 
be deemed to include the Final Redemption 
Amount of the Notes [and, the Call Redemption 
Amount of the Notes]. 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
Der folgende Absatz [1] (a) ist nur auf nicht 
nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, bei denen die 
Zinsperioden angepasst werden: 
The following paragraph [1] (a) shall only apply 
to senior Floating Rate Notes where the Interest 
Periods are adjusted: 
[(1)] 
(a) 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. 
Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz 
oder teilweise zurückgezahlt oder 
angekauft und entwertet, werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am in 
den [Rückzahlungsmonat und -
jahr] fallenden Zinszahlungstag 
(der 
"Fälligkeitstag") 
zurückgezahlt. 
[(1)] 
(a) 
Final 
Redemption. 
Unless 
previously redeemed in whole or 
in part or purchased and cancelled, 
the Notes shall be redeemed at 
their Final Redemption Amount 
on the Interest Payment Date 
falling in [redemption month and 
year] (the "Maturity Date"). 
Der folgende Absatz [1] (a) ist nur auf nicht 
nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, bei denen die 
Zinsperioden nicht angepasst werden: 
The following paragraph [1] (a) shall only apply 
to senior Floating Rate Notes where the Interest 
Periods are unadjusted: 
[(1)] 
(a) 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. 
Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz 
oder teilweise zurückgezahlt oder 
angekauft und entwertet, werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am 
[Fälligkeitstag] 
(der 
"Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. 
[(1)] 
(a) 
Final 
Redemption. 
Unless 
previously redeemed in whole or 
in part or purchased and cancelled, 
the Notes shall be redeemed at 
their Final Redemption Amount 
on 
[Maturity 
Date] 
(the 
"Maturity Date"). 
(b) 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
bei 
Endfälligkeit. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden zu 
ihrem Nennbetrag zurückgezahlt 
(b) 
Final Redemption Amount. The 
Notes are redeemed at their 
principal amount (redemption at 
par) (the "Final Redemption 
Amount").

--- Page 100 ---
- 95 - 
 
(Rückzahlung 
zu 
par) 
(der 
"Rückzahlungsbetrag"). 
Der folgende Absatz (2) ist nur auf nicht 
nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, bei denen die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen: 
The following paragraph (2) shall only apply to 
senior Floating Rate Notes which are subject to 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
[(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin. 
[(2) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz (b) 
gekündigt 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder 
teilweise 
am/an 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) (Call) zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call), 
wie 
nachfolgend angegeben, nebst etwaigen 
bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with clause (b), redeem all or 
some of the Notes on the Call Redemption 
Date(s) at the Call Redemption Amount(s) 
set forth below together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Call 
Redemption Date. 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call): [Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call)]. 
Call Redemption Date(s): [Insert Call 
Redemption Date(s)]. 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call): 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibung 
(Rückzahlung zu par). 
Call Redemption Amount: The principal 
amount of the Note (redemption at par). 
(b) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin gemäß § 11 bekannt zu geben. 
Sie muss die folgenden Angaben enthalten: 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 11. Such notice shall 
specify: 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to 
redemption; 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie 
ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt 
wird und im letzteren Fall den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; und 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be 
redeemed in whole or in part only 
and, if in part only, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes 
which are to be redeemed; and 
(iii) 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call), wobei die Kündigung dem 
Gläubiger bis spätestens an dem 
[fünften][anderer 
maßgebliche 
Geschäftstag] Geschäftstag (wie 
unten 
definiert) 
vor 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
zugegangen sein muss (wie in 
§ 11 beschrieben). 
(iii) 
the Call Redemption Date; and in 
this connection, the notice of 
redemption shall be received at the 
latest by the Holder (as described 
in § 11) on the [fifth][other 
relevant Business Day] Business 
Day (as defined below) prior to 
the relevant Call Redemption 
Date. 
Für die Zwecke dieses § 5 Absatz (2) 
bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem (i) [das Trans-European Automated 
In this § 5 (2) "Business Day" means any 
day which is a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which (i) [the Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross

--- Page 101 ---
- 96 - 
 
Real-time 
Gross 
Settlement 
Express 
Transfer System (TARGET2) und] [die 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
[relevantes Finanzzentrum] und] (ii) das 
Clearing System Zahlungen abwickeln. 
settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
system 
(TARGET2) and] [commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets in [relevant 
Financial Centre] and] (ii) the Clearing 
System settle payments. 
(c) 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden 
die 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
betreffenden Clearingsystems ausgewählt. 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of 
Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules of the 
relevant Clearing System. 
(d) 
Die Ausübung dieses Wahlrechts der 
Emittentin 
ist 
– 
sofern 
gesetzlich 
erforderlich 
– 
von 
der 
vorherigen 
Zustimmung der jeweils zuständigen 
Behörde abhängig.] 
(d) 
The exercise of such option of the Issuer 
shall be subject to the prior approval of the 
respective competent authority, if legally 
required.] 
Der folgende Absatz [(2)][(3)] ist nur auf nicht 
nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, 
die 
als 
MREL-berücksichtigungsfähige 
Schuldtitel 
qualifizieren sollen: 
The following paragraph [(2)][(3)] shall only 
apply to senior Floating Rate Notes which shall 
qualify as MREL-eligible debts: 
[[(2)][(3)]] 
Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
regulatorischen 
Gründen. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen können insgesamt, jedoch 
nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin und 
vorbehaltlich der Zustimmung der zuständigen 
Behörde mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen 
gegenüber der Zahlstelle und gemäß § [12] 
gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und 
zu ihrem Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) zuzüglich bis zum für die 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Tag 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, 
falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nach 
Auffassung 
der 
Emittentin infolge einer zum Zeitpunkt der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
vorhersehbaren Änderung oder Ergänzung der in 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
oder 
der 
Europäischen Union geltenden Gesetze oder deren 
Auslegung oder Anwendung nicht mehr die 
Anforderungen an die Berücksichtigungsfähigkeit 
für die Zwecke der Mindestanforderungen an 
Eigenmitteln 
und 
berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Verbindlichkeiten (minimum requirement for own 
funds and eligible liablities) ("MREL Event") 
erfüllen. 
[[(2)][(3)] Early Redemption for Regulatory 
Reasons. If in the determination of the Issuer as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws 
applicable in the Federal Republic of Germany or 
the European Union, or their interpretation or 
application, which in any event was not foreseeable 
at the date of the issuance of the Notes, the Notes 
cease to qualify as eligible for the purpose of the 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities ("MREL Event"), the Notes may be 
redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of 
the Issuer and subject to the prior consent of the 
competent authority upon not more than 60 days' 
nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption 
given to the Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
§ [12] to the Holders, at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as defined below), together with interest 
(if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
 
Für die Zwecke dieses Absatzes [(2)][(3)] 
entspricht der vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag (der 
"Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsbetrag") 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung dem Rückzahlungsbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibung.] 
For the purpose of this paragraph [(2)][(3)], the 
early redemption amount of a Note (the "Early 
Redemption Amount") shall be its Final 
Redemption Amount.]

--- Page 102 ---
- 97 - 
 
Der folgende Absatz [(3)][(4)] ist nur auf nicht 
nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, die in Form 
einer NGN begeben werden und bei denen die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen: 
The following paragraph [(3)][(4)] shall only 
apply to senior Floating Rate Notes which are 
represented by a NGN which are subject to an 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
[[(3)][(4)] Register der ICSD. Eine teilweise 
Rückzahlung wird in den Registern der ICSD nach 
deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als 
Reduzierung des Nennbetrags wiedergegeben.] 
[[(3)][(4)] Records of ICSDs. A partial redemption 
shall be reflected in the records of ICSDs at their 
discretion as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
principal amount.] 
§ 6 
ZAHLSTELLEN UND 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE 
§ 6 
PAYING AGENTS AND CALCULATION 
AGENT 
(1) Fiscal Agent. Der anfänglich bestellte Fiscal 
Agent und dessen bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
lautet Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Trust & 
Agency 
Services, 
Taunusanlage 
12, 
60325 
Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland. 
(1) Fiscal Agent. The initial Fiscal Agent and its 
initial specified office shall be Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Trust & Agency Services, 
Taunusanlage 12, 60325 Frankfurt am Main, 
Federal Republic of Germany. 
Der anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent handelt als 
Zahlstelle in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
The initial Fiscal Agent acts as paying agent in the 
Federal Republic of Germany. 
Der Fiscal Agent behält sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit seine bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch 
eine 
andere 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
in 
Deutschland zu ersetzen. 
The Fiscal Agent reserves the right at any time to 
change its specified office to some other specified 
office in the Federal Republic of Germany. 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
die Bestellung des Fiscal Agent zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und einen anderen Fiscal Agent zu 
bestellen. Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung 
oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam 
(außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche 
Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die 
Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § 11 vorab unter 
Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 30 und nicht 
mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent and 
to appoint another Fiscal Agent. Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only take 
effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it 
shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 
nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall 
have been given to the Holders in accordance with 
§ 11. 
Der Fiscal Agent handelt ausschließlich als 
Erfüllungsgehilfe der Emittentin und übernimmt 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihm 
und 
den 
Gläubigern begründet. 
The Fiscal Agent acts solely as the agent of the 
Issuer and does not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust for any Holder. 
Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt einen 
Fiscal Agent handelnd als Zahlstelle in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland unterhalten. 
The Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent 
acting as paying agent in the Federal Republic of 
Germany. 
Solange die Schuldverschreibungen zum Handel an 
einem regulierten Markt zugelassen sind, wird die 
Emittentin zu jedem Zeitpunkt eine Zahlstelle mit 
bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle an solchen Orten 
unterhalten, die die Regeln dieser Börse verlangen. 
So long as the Notes are traded on a regulated 
market, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent 
with a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules of such stock exchange.

--- Page 103 ---
- 98 - 
 
Der folgende Absatz (2) ist nur auf nicht 
nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, bei denen 
eine weitere Zahlstelle bestellt ist: 
The following paragraph (2) shall only apply to 
senior Floating Rate Notes where an Additional 
Paying Agent is appointed: 
[(2) Weitere Zahlstelle. Die anfänglich bestellte 
Zahlstelle und deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
lautet 
[Zahlstelle 
und 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle]. 
[(2) Additional Paying Agent. The initial Paying 
Agent and its initial specified office shall be 
[Paying Agent and specified office]. 
Jede Zahlstelle behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
ihre bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch eine andere 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in Deutschland zu 
ersetzen. 
Each Paying Agent reserves the right at any time to 
change its specified office to some other specified 
office in the Federal Republic of Germany. 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
die Bestellung der Zahlstelle zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und eine andere Zahlstelle zu bestellen. 
Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein 
sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im 
Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort 
wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger hierüber 
gemäß § 11 vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen 
informiert wurden. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Paying Agent and 
to appoint another Paying Agent. Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only take 
effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it 
shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 
nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall 
have been given to the Holders in accordance with 
§ 11. 
Jede 
Zahlstelle 
handelt 
ausschließlich 
als 
Erfüllungsgehilfe der Emittentin und übernimmt 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihr 
und 
den 
Gläubigern begründet.] 
Each Paying Agent acts solely as the agent of the 
Issuer and does not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust for any Holder.] 
([2][3]) Berechnungsstelle. Die anfänglich bestellte 
Berechnungsstelle 
und 
deren 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
lautet 
[Deutsche 
Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Trust & Agency Services, 
Taunusanlage 12, 60325 Frankfurt am Main, 
Deutschland] [Andere Berechnungsstelle und 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle]. 
[([2][3]) Calculation Agent. The initial Calculation 
Agent and its initial specified office shall be 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Trust & 
Agency 
Services, 
Taunusanlage 
12, 
60325 
Frankfurt am Main, Germany] [other Calculation 
Agent and specified office]. 
Jede Berechnungsstelle behält sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit ihre bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch 
eine 
andere 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
in 
Deutschland zu ersetzen. 
Each Calculation Agent reserves the right at any 
time to change its specified office to some other 
specified office in the Federal Republic of 
Germany. 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
die Bestellung der Berechnungsstelle zu ändern 
oder zu beenden und eine andere Berechnungsstelle 
zu 
bestellen. 
Eine 
Änderung, 
Abberufung, 
Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur 
wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine 
solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die 
Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § 11 vorab unter 
Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 30 und nicht 
mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Calculation Agent 
and to appoint another Calculation Agent. Any 
variation, termination, appointment or change shall 
only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) 
after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior 
notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders 
in accordance with § 11. 
Jede Berechnungsstelle handelt ausschließlich als 
Erfüllungsgehilfe der Emittentin und übernimmt 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Each Calculation Agent acts solely as the agent of 
the Issuer and does not assume any obligations

--- Page 104 ---
- 99 - 
 
Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihr 
und 
den 
Gläubigern begründet. 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for any 
Holder.] 
Der folgende Absatz ([3][4]) ist nur auf nicht 
nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, 
deren 
Währung US-Dollar ist: 
The following paragraph ([3][4]) shall only apply 
in the case of payments in U.S. dollars: 
[([3][4]) Einführung von Beschränkungen. Falls 
Zahlungen bei den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen 
aller Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten 
aufgrund 
der 
Einführung 
von 
Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen 
Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden 
Beträge 
in 
US-Dollar 
widerrechtlich 
oder 
tatsächlich ausgeschlossen werden, die Emittentin 
zum Zeitpunkt der Bestellung der Zahlstelle aber 
davon ausgehen durfte, dass die Zahlstelle 
Zahlungen in US-Dollar machen kann, wird die 
Emittentin 
eine 
Zahlstelle 
mit 
bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle in New York City unterhalten.] 
[([3][4]) Imposition of Restrictions. If payments at 
or through the offices of all Paying Agents outside 
the United States become illegal or are effectively 
precluded because of the imposition of exchange 
controls or similar restrictions on the full payment 
or receipt of such amounts in United States dollars 
but the Issuer had a reasonable expectation that 
such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
in U.S. dollars when they were appointed, a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in New York City.] 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
zahlenden Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug 
von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich 
welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für deren 
Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer dort 
zur 
Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft 
oder 
Behörde 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
auferlegt 
oder 
erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt 
oder Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be 
made without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by way of 
withholding or deduction by or in or for the account 
of the Federal Republic of Germany or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. 
Unbeschadet 
sonstiger 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Bedingungen, ist die Emittentin zum Einbehalt oder 
Abzug der Beträge berechtigt, die gemäß §§ 1471 
bis 1474 des U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
(einschließlich 
dessen 
Änderungen 
oder 
Nachfolgevorschriften), gemäß zwischenstaatlicher 
Abkommen, 
gemäß 
den 
in 
einer 
anderen 
Rechtsordnung in Zusammenhang mit diesen 
Bestimmungen 
erlassenen 
Durchführungsvorschriften oder gemäß mit dem 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service geschlossenen 
Verträgen ("FATCA Quellensteuer") erforderlich 
sind als Folge davon, dass eine andere Person als 
die Emittentin oder deren Zahlstelle nicht zum 
Empfang 
von 
Zahlungen 
ohne 
FATCA 
Quellensteuer berechtigt ist. Die Emittentin ist 
nicht verpflichtet, zusätzliche Beträge zu zahlen 
oder einen Investor in Bezug auf FATCA 
Quellensteuer schadlos zu halten, die von der 
Emittentin, einer Zahlstelle oder von einem anderen 
Beteiligten abgezogen oder einbehalten wurden. 
Notwithstanding any other provisions in these 
Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to 
withhold or deduct any amounts required by the 
rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 
through 1474 (or any amended or successor 
provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental 
agreement, or implementing legislation adopted by 
another jurisdiction in connection with these 
provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the 
U.S. 
Internal 
Revenue 
Service 
("FATCA 
withholding") as a result of a holder, beneficial 
owner or an intermediary that is not an agent of the 
Issuer not being entitled to receive payments free of 
FATCA withholding. The Issuer will have no 
obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise 
indemnify an investor for any such FATCA 
withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the 
paying agent or any other party. FATCA means the 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act.

--- Page 105 ---
- 100 - 
 
FATCA steht für den U.S. Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act. 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist 
wird 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
The presentation period provided in § 801 
paragraph 1, sentence 1 BGB (German Civil Code) 
is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 9 
ERSETZUNG 
§ 9 
SUBSTITUTION 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit 
berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer Zahlung 
von 
Kapital 
oder 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, ohne 
Zustimmung der Gläubiger ein mit ihr verbundenes 
Unternehmen 
(wie 
unten 
definiert) 
als 
Hauptschuldnerin für alle Verpflichtungen im 
Zusammenhang mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen 
(die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") einzusetzen, sofern: 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer shall be entitled at any 
time, without the consent of the Holders, if no 
payment of principal of or interest on any of the 
Notes is in default, to substitute for the Issuer any 
Affiliate (as defined below) as principal debtor in 
respect to all obligations arising from or in 
connection with the Notes (the "Substituted 
Debtor"), provided that: 
(a) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin in der Lage ist, 
sämtliche 
sich 
aus 
oder 
in 
dem 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ergebenen 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
ohne 
die 
Notwendigkeit 
eines 
Einbehalts 
von 
irgendwelchen Steuern oder Abgaben an 
der Quelle zu erfüllen sowie die hierzu 
erforderlichen 
Beträge 
ohne 
Beschränkungen an den Fiscal Agent 
übertragen zu können; 
(a) 
the Substituted Debtor is in a position to 
fulfil all payment obligations arising from 
or in connection with the Notes without the 
necessity of any taxes or duties being 
withheld at source and to transfer all 
amounts which are required therefor to the 
Fiscal Agent without any restrictions; 
(b) 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus oder 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
(b) 
the 
Substituted 
Debtor 
assumes 
all 
obligations of the Issuer arising from or in 
connection with the Notes; 
(c) 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
sich 
verpflichtet, jedem Gläubiger alle Steuern, 
Gebühren oder Abgaben zu erstatten, die 
ihm in Folge der Ersetzung durch die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin auferlegt werden; 
(c) 
the Substituted Debtor undertakes to 
reimburse any Holder for such taxes, fees 
or duties which may be imposed upon it as 
a consequence of assumption of the 
obligations of the Issuer by the Substituted 
Debtor; 
(d) 
die 
Emittentin 
unwiderruflich 
und 
unbedingt gegenüber den Gläubigern die 
Zahlung 
aller 
von 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge 
zu Bedingungen garantiert, die den 
Bedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen 
entsprechen; 
(d) 
the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally 
guarantees in favor of each Holder the 
payment of all sums payable by the 
Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes as 
set out in the Conditions of the Notes; 
(e)  
dem Fiscal Agent jeweils eine Bestätigung 
bezüglich 
der 
betroffenen 
Rechtsordnungen 
von 
anerkannten 
Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt wird, dass die 
Bestimmungen 
in 
den 
vorstehenden 
(e)  
there shall have been delivered to the 
Fiscal Agent one opinion for each 
jurisdiction 
affected 
of 
lawyers 
of 
recognized standing to the effect that

--- Page 106 ---
- 101 - 
 
Unterabsätzen (a), (b), (c) und (d) erfüllt 
wurden; 
paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) above have 
been satisfied; 
(f) 
die 
Anwendbarkeit 
der 
in 
§ 2 
beschriebenen 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen 
gewährleistet ist; und 
(f) 
 the applicability of Resolution Measures 
described in § 2 is ensured; and 
(g)  
eine Zustimmung der hierfür zuständigen 
Behörde zur Ersetzung vorliegt, sofern 
gesetzlich erforderlich. 
(g)  
the substitution has been approved by the 
competent authority, if legally required. 
Für die Zwecke dieses § 9 bedeutet "verbundenes 
Unternehmen" ein verbundenes Unternehmen im 
Sinne von § 15 Aktiengesetz. 
For the purposes of this § 9, "Affiliate" shall mean 
any 
affiliated 
company 
(verbundenes 
Unternehmen) within the meaning of § 15 German 
Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß 
§ 11 bekannt zu machen. 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be 
published in accordance with § 11. 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer 
Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen 
Bedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem Zeitpunkt 
der 
Ersetzung 
als 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede Bezugnahme auf 
das Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
das 
Land, 
in 
dem 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz 
hat. Des Weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung 
folgendes: 
(3) Change of References. In the event of any such 
substitution, any reference in these Conditions to 
the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to 
the Substituted Debtor and any reference to the 
country in which the Issuer is domiciled or resident 
for taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed 
to refer to the country of domicile or residence for 
taxation purposes of the Substituted Debtor. 
Furthermore in case of a substitution the following 
shall apply: 
In § 7 gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland als aufgenommen 
(zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe des 
vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz 
hat). 
In § 7 an alternative reference to the Federal 
Republic of Germany shall be deemed to have been 
included in addition to the reference according to 
the preceding sentence to the country of domicile or 
residence for taxation purposes of the Substituted 
Debtor. 
(4) Rechtsnachfolge. Im Fall einer Ersetzung folgt 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin der Emittentin als 
Rechtsnachfolgerin nach, ersetzt diese und darf alle 
Rechte und Befugnisse der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen mit der gleichen Wirkung 
geltend 
machen, 
als 
wenn 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin in diesen Bedingungen als 
Emittentin genannt worden wäre, und die 
Emittentin (bzw. die Gesellschaft, die zuvor die 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin übernommen hat) 
wird von ihren Verpflichtungen als Schuldnerin aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen befreit. 
(4) Legal Succession In the event of any such 
substitution, the Substituted Debtor shall succeed 
to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every 
right and power of, the Issuer under the Notes with 
the same effect as if the Substituted Debtor had 
been named as the Issuer herein, and the Issuer (or 
any corporation which shall have previously 
assumed the obligations of the Issuer) shall be 
released from its liability as obligor under the 
Notes. 
§ 10 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
UND RÜCKKAUF 
§ 10 
FURTHER ISSUES 
AND PURCHASES 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
jederzeit 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Gläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher Ausstattung 
(gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to 
time, without the consent of the Holders, issue 
further Notes having the same terms and conditions 
as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except 
for the issue date, the amount, the first payment of

--- Page 107 ---
- 102 - 
 
Begebung, des Betrags, der ersten darauf zu 
leistenden 
Zinszahlung 
und/oder 
des 
Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass sie 
mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche 
Serie bilden. 
interest on them and/or issue price) so as to form a 
single Series with the Notes. 
(2) Rückkauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder 
anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. 
Die 
von 
der 
Emittentin 
erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der 
Emittentin von ihr gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei 
dem Fiscal Agent zwecks Entwertung eingereicht 
werden. Sofern diese Käufe durch öffentliches 
Angebot erfolgen, muss dieses Angebot allen 
Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase 
in the open market or otherwise and at any price. 
Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of 
the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the 
Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If purchases are made 
by tender, tenders for such Notes must be made 
available to all Holders of such Notes alike. 
(3) Zustimmung. Darüber hinaus ist ein Rückkauf 
nach Absatz (2) nur insoweit zulässig, wie die 
zuständige Behörde dem Rückkauf – sofern 
gesetzlich erforderlich – zugestimmt hat. 
(3) 
Approval. 
Any 
purchase 
pursuant 
to 
paragraph (2) shall always be subject to the prior 
approval of the competent authority, if legally 
required. 
§ 11 
MITTEILUNGEN 
§ 11 
NOTICE 
(1) 
Bekanntmachung. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
werden im Bundesanzeiger veröffentlicht. Falls 
eine Veröffentlichung im Bundesanzeiger nicht 
möglich ist, werden die Mitteilungen in einem 
deutschen Börsenpflichtblatt, voraussichtlich der 
Börsen-Zeitung 
veröffentlicht. 
Jede 
derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am Tag der Veröffentlichung (oder 
bei mehreren Veröffentlichungen am Tag der ersten 
solchen Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt. 
(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes 
shall be published in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger). If publication in the Federal 
Gazette is not possible, the notices shall be 
published in a newspaper authorized by the stock 
exchanges in Germany (Börsenpflichtblatt). This 
newspaper is expected to be the Börsen-Zeitung. 
Any notice so given will be deemed to have been 
validly given on the date of such publication (or, if 
published more than once, on the date of the first 
such publication). 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
anstelle 
der 
Veröffentlichung nach Absatz 1, eine Mitteilung an 
das Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die 
Gläubiger zu übermitteln, vorausgesetzt, die 
Regeln 
der 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, lassen diese 
Form der Mitteilung zu. Jede derartige Mitteilung 
gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an 
das Clearing System als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt. 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer 
may, in lieu of the publication set forth in 
subparagraph (1) above, deliver the relevant notice 
to the Clearing System, for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Holder, provided that the 
rules of the stock exchange on which the Notes are 
listed permit such form of notice. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders 
on the seventh day after the day on which the said 
notice was given to the Clearing System. 
(3) 
Mitteilungen 
in 
Luxemburg. 
Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen im regulierten Markt der 
Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse zugelassen sind, 
werden die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden 
Mitteilungen auch auf der Internetseite der 
Luxemburger 
Börse, 
www.bourse.lu, 
veröffentlicht. Falls eine Veröffentlichung auf der 
Internetseite nicht möglich ist, werden die 
Mitteilungen in einer führenden Tageszeitung mit 
allgemeiner 
Verbreitung 
in 
Luxemburg 
veröffentlicht, 
voraussichtlich 
dem 
Tageblatt 
(Luxemburg). Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am Tag 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehreren 
(3) Notices in Luxembourg. If the Notes are listed 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, all notices concerning the Notes shall 
also be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, www.bourse.lu. If publication on 
this website is not possible, the notices shall be 
published in a leading daily newspaper having 
general circulation in Luxembourg. This newspaper 
is expected to be the Tageblatt (Luxembourg). Any 
notice so given will be deemed to have been validly 
given on the date of such publication (or, if

--- Page 108 ---
- 103 - 
 
Veröffentlichungen am Tag der ersten solchen 
Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt. 
published more than once, on the date of the first 
such publication). 
Der folgende Absatz (4) ist nur auf nicht 
nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, bei denen 
eine zusätzliche Veröffentlichung erforderlich ist: 
The following paragraph (4) shall only apply to 
senior Floating Rate Notes where additional 
publications are required: 
[(4) 
Weitere 
Veröffentlichungen. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
werden darüber hinaus in [Medium] veröffentlicht. 
Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am Tag der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen am Tag der ersten solchen 
Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt.] 
[(4) 
Additional 
Publications. 
All 
notices 
concerning the Notes shall also be published in 
[Medium]. Any notice so given will be deemed to 
have been validly given on the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on the 
date of the first such publication).] 
Der folgende § 12 ist nur auf nicht nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, 
die 
Beschlüsse 
der 
Gläubiger 
vorsehen und bei denen kein Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter in den Emissionsbedingungen der 
Schuldverschreibungen bestimmt ist: 
The following § 12 shall only apply to senior 
Floating Rate Notes that provide for Resolutions 
of Holders where no Holders' Representative is 
designated in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes: 
[§ 12 
ÄNDERUNG DER 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
DURCH BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER; 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
[§ 12 
AMENDMENTS TO THE  
CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTION OF THE 
NOTEHOLDERS; JOINT 
REPRESENTATIVE 
(1) Änderung der Bedingungen. Die Emittentin 
kann 
gemäß 
§§ 5 ff. 
des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") in seiner 
jeweils geltenden Fassung mit den Gläubigern 
Änderungen an den Bedingungen vereinbaren, 
wenn 
die 
Gläubiger 
einen 
entsprechenden 
Beschluss gefasst haben. Hierbei können die 
Gläubiger durch Beschluss der in Absatz 2 
genannten Mehrheit insbesondere Änderungen 
zustimmen, welche den Charakter der Bedingungen 
wesentlich verändern, einschließlich der in § 5 
Absatz 3 SchVG genannten Maßnahmen, aber mit 
Ausnahme der Ersetzung der Emittentin, welche 
ausschließlich 
den 
Bestimmungen 
von 
§ 9 
unterliegt. 
Ein 
rechtmäßig 
gefasster 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
ist 
für 
alle 
Gläubiger 
verbindlich. 
(1) Amendment of the Conditions. The Issuer may 
agree with the Holders on amendments to the 
Conditions by virtue of a majority resolution of the 
Holders pursuant to sections 5 et seqq. of the 
German Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG"), as amended from 
time to time. In particular, the Holders may consent 
to amendments which materially change the 
substance of the Conditions, including such 
measures as provided for under section 5 para. 3 of 
the SchVG, but excluding a substitution of the 
Issuer, which is exclusively subject to the 
provisions in § 9, by resolutions passed by such 
majority of the votes of the Holders. A duly passed 
majority resolution shall be binding upon all 
Holders. 
Diese Möglichkeit zur Änderung der Bedingungen 
besteht nur soweit, wie die zuständige Behörde der 
Änderung – sofern gesetzlich erforderlich – 
zugestimmt hat. 
These amendments to the Conditions are subject to 
the prior approval of the competent authority, if 
legally required. 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Vorbehaltlich der 
Bestimmungen 
des 
folgenden 
Satzes 
und 
vorausgesetzt, die Anforderungen an das Quorum 
sind erfüllt, können die Gläubiger Beschlüsse mit 
einfacher Mehrheit der abgegebenen Stimmen 
fassen. Beschlüsse, welche den Charakter der 
Bedingungen wesentlich verändern, insbesondere 
in den Fällen des § 5 Absatz 3 Nr. 1 bis 9 SchVG, 
(2) Majority. Except as provided by the following 
sentence 
and 
provided 
that 
the 
quorum 
requirements are being met, the Holders may pass 
resolutions by simple majority of the voting rights 
participating in the vote. Resolutions which 
materially change the substance of the Conditions, 
in particular in the cases of section 5 para. 3 
numbers 1 through 9 of the SchVG, may only be

--- Page 109 ---
- 104 - 
 
bedürfen 
der 
qualifizierten 
Mehrheit 
von 
mindestens 
[75][Anderer 
Prozentsatz] % 
der 
abgegebenen 
Stimmen 
(die 
"Qualifizierte 
Mehrheit"). 
passed by a majority of at least [75][other 
percentage] per cent. 
of 
the 
voting 
rights 
participating in the vote (a "Qualified Majority"). 
(3) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Beschlüsse 
der Gläubiger können ausschließlich im Wege der 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung gefasst werden, 
wie sie in § 18 SchVG vorgesehen ist. Gläubiger, 
die insgesamt 5 % des ausstehenden Nennbetrages 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
halten, 
können 
schriftlich das Abhalten einer Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung verlangen, § 9 in Verbindung mit 
§ 18 SchVG. Die Abstimmung wird von einem 
Notar geleitet, der von der Emittentin bestimmt 
wird oder, wenn der gemeinsame Vertreter, wie 
untenstehend definiert, die Abstimmung anberaumt 
hat, 
vom 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreter. 
Die 
Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe 
durch 
den 
Abstimmungsleiter enthält weitere Ausführungen 
hinsichtlich der zu fassenden Beschlüsse und der 
Abstimmungsmodalitäten. Der Gegenstand der 
Abstimmung 
sowie 
die 
vorgeschlagenen 
Beschlüsse werden den Gläubigern zusammen mit 
der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe bekannt 
gegeben. 
(3) Vote without a Meeting. Resolutions of the 
Holders shall exclusively be made by means of a 
vote without a meeting (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) in accordance with section 18 of the 
SchVG. Holders holding Notes in the total amount 
of 5 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount 
of the Notes may request, in writing, the holding of 
a vote without a meeting pursuant to section 9 in 
connection with section 18 of the SchVG. The vote 
will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer 
or, if the Holders' Representative (as defined below) 
has 
convened 
the 
vote, 
by 
the 
Holders' 
Representative. The request for voting as submitted 
by the chairman (Abstimmungsleiter) will provide 
for the further details relating to the resolutions and 
the voting procedure. The subject matter of the vote 
as well as the proposed resolutions shall be notified 
to Holders together with the request for voting. 
(4) Stimmrecht. Gläubiger müssen den Nachweis 
ihrer 
Berechtigung 
zur 
Teilnahme 
an 
der 
Abstimmung zum Zeitpunkt der Stimmabgabe 
durch eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank, wie in 
§ 13 Absatz 2 geregelt und die Vorlage einer 
Sperranweisung 
der 
depotführenden 
Bank 
zugunsten der Zahlstelle als Hinterlegungsstelle für 
den Zeitraum der Stimmabgabe nachweisen. 
(4) Voting Rights. Holders must demonstrate their 
eligibility to participate in the vote at the time of 
voting by means of a special confirmation of the 
Depositary Bank in accordance with § 13 
paragraph 2 hereof and by submission of a blocking 
instruction by the Depositary Bank for the benefit 
of 
the 
Paying 
Agent 
as 
depository 
(Hinterlegungsstelle) for the voting period. 
(5) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. Die Gläubiger können 
durch Mehrheitsbeschluss einen gemeinsamen 
Vertreter (der "Gemeinsame Vertreter") bestellen 
oder abberufen, die Pflichten, Verantwortlichkeiten 
und Rechte eines solchen Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
festlegen, die Übertragung der Rechte der 
Gläubiger auf den Gemeinsamen Vertreter sowie 
die 
Haftungsbegrenzung 
des 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters bestimmen. Die Bestellung eines 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
bedarf 
einer 
Qualifizierten Mehrheit, wenn der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter in Übereinstimmung mit § 12 Absatz 2 
autorisiert ist, einer wesentlichen Änderung des 
Charakters der Bedingungen zuzustimmen. 
(5) Holders' representative. The Holders may by 
majority resolution provide for the designation or 
dismissal of a joint representative (the "Holders' 
Representative"), the duties and responsibilities 
and the powers of such Holders' Representative, the 
transfer of the rights of the Holders to the Holders' 
Representative and a limitation of liability of the 
Holders' Representative. Designation of a Holders' 
Representative may only be passed by a Qualified 
Majority if such Holders' Representative is to be 
authorized to consent, in accordance with § 12 
paragraph 2 hereof, to a material change in the 
substance of the Conditions. 
(6) Veröffentlichung. Alle Bekanntmachungen 
diesen § 12 betreffend werden in Übereinstimmung 
mit den §§ 5 ff. SchVG und § 11 dieser 
Bedingungen getätigt.] 
(6) Publication. Any notices concerning this § 12 
shall be made in accordance with sections 5 et seqq. 
of the SchVG and § 11 hereof.]

--- Page 110 ---
- 105 - 
 
Der folgende § 12 ist nur auf nicht nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, 
die 
Beschlüsse 
der 
Gläubiger 
vorsehen und bei denen ein Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter in den Emissionsbedingungen der 
Schuldverschreibungen bestimmt ist: 
The following § 12 shall only apply to senior 
Floating Rate Notes that provide for Resolutions 
of Holders where a Holders' Representative is 
designated in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes: 
[§ 12 
ÄNDERUNG DER BEDINGUNGEN 
DURCH BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER; 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
[§ 12 
AMENDMENTS TO THE  
CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTION OF THE 
NOTEHOLDERS; JOINT 
REPRESENTATIVE 
(1) Änderung der Bedingungen. Die Emittentin 
kann 
gemäß 
§§ 5 ff. 
des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") in seiner 
jeweils geltenden Fassung mit den Gläubigern 
Änderungen an den Bedingungen vereinbaren, 
wenn 
die 
Gläubiger 
einen 
entsprechenden 
Beschluss gefasst haben. Hierbei können die 
Gläubiger durch Beschluss der in Absatz 2 
genannten Mehrheit insbesondere Änderungen 
zustimmen, welche den Charakter der Bedingungen 
wesentlich verändern, einschließlich der in § 5 
Absatz 3 SchVG genannten Maßnahmen, aber mit 
Ausnahme der Ersetzung der Emittentin, welche 
ausschließlich 
den 
Bestimmungen 
von 
§ 9 
unterliegt. 
Ein 
rechtmäßig 
gefasster 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
ist 
für 
alle 
Gläubiger 
verbindlich. 
(1) Amendment of the Conditions. The Issuer may 
agree with the Holders on amendments to the 
Conditions by virtue of a majority resolution of the 
Holders pursuant to sections 5 et seqq. of the 
German Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG"), as amended from 
time to time. In particular, the Holders may consent 
to amendments which materially change the 
substance of the Conditions, including such 
measures as provided for under section 5 para. 3 of 
the SchVG, but excluding a substitution of the 
Issuer, which is exclusively subject to the 
provisions in § 9, by resolutions passed by such 
majority of the votes of the Holders. A duly passed 
majority resolution shall be binding upon all 
Holders. 
Diese Möglichkeit zur Änderung der Bedingungen 
besteht nur soweit, wie die zuständige Behörde der 
Änderung – sofern gesetzlich erforderlich – 
zugestimmt hat. 
These amendments to the Conditions are subject to 
the prior approval of the competent authority, if 
legally required. 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Vorbehaltlich der 
Bestimmungen 
des 
folgenden 
Satzes 
und 
vorausgesetzt, die Anforderungen an das Quorum 
sind erfüllt, können die Gläubiger Beschlüsse mit 
einfacher Mehrheit der abgegebenen Stimmen 
fassen. Beschlüsse, welche den Charakter der 
Bedingungen wesentlich verändern, insbesondere 
in den Fällen des § 5 Absatz 3 Nr. 1 bis 9 SchVG, 
bedürfen 
der 
qualifizierten 
Mehrheit 
von 
mindestens 
[75][Anderer 
Prozentsatz] % 
der 
abgegebenen 
Stimmen 
(die 
"Qualifizierte 
Mehrheit"). 
(2) Majority. Except as provided by the following 
sentence 
and 
provided 
that 
the 
quorum 
requirements are being met, the Holders may pass 
resolutions by simple majority of the voting rights 
participating in the vote. Resolutions which 
materially change the substance of the Conditions, 
in particular in the cases of section 5 para. 3 
numbers 1 through 9 of the SchVG, may only be 
passed by a majority of at least [75][other 
percentage] per cent. 
of 
the 
voting 
rights 
participating in the vote (a "Qualified Majority"). 
(3) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Beschlüsse 
der Gläubiger können ausschließlich im Wege der 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung gefasst werden, 
wie sie in § 18 SchVG vorgesehen ist. Gläubiger, 
die insgesamt 5 % des ausstehenden Nennbetrages 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
halten, 
können 
schriftlich das Abhalten einer Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung verlangen, § 9 in Verbindung mit 
§ 18 SchVG. Die Abstimmung wird von einem 
Notar geleitet, der von der Emittentin bestimmt 
wird oder, wenn der gemeinsame Vertreter, wie 
(3) Vote without a Meeting. Resolutions of the 
Holders shall exclusively be made by means of a 
vote without a meeting (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) in accordance with section 18 of the 
SchVG. Holders holding Notes in the total amount 
of 5 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount 
of the Notes may request, in writing, the holding of 
a vote without a meeting pursuant to section 9 in 
connection with section 18 of the SchVG. The vote 
will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer 
or, if the Holders' Representative (as defined below)

--- Page 111 ---
- 106 - 
 
untenstehend definiert, die Abstimmung anberaumt 
hat, 
vom 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreter. 
Die 
Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe 
durch 
den 
Abstimmungsleiter enthält weitere Ausführungen 
hinsichtlich der zu fassenden Beschlüsse und der 
Abstimmungsmodalitäten. Der Gegenstand der 
Abstimmung 
sowie 
die 
vorgeschlagenen 
Beschlüsse werden den Gläubigern zusammen mit 
der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe bekannt 
gegeben. 
has 
convened 
the 
vote, 
by 
the 
Holders' 
Representative. The request for voting as submitted 
by the chairman (Abstimmungsleiter) will provide 
for the further details relating to the resolutions and 
the voting procedure. The subject matter of the vote 
as well as the proposed resolutions shall be notified 
to Holders together with the request for voting. 
(4) Stimmrecht. Gläubiger müssen den Nachweis 
ihrer 
Berechtigung 
zur 
Teilnahme 
an 
der 
Abstimmung zum Zeitpunkt der Stimmabgabe 
durch eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank, wie in 
§ 13 Absatz 2 geregelt und die Vorlage einer 
Sperranweisung 
der 
depotführenden 
Bank 
zugunsten der Zahlstelle als Hinterlegungsstelle für 
den Zeitraum der Stimmabgabe nachweisen. 
(4) Voting Rights. Holders must demonstrate their 
eligibility to participate in the vote at the time of 
voting by means of a special confirmation of the 
Depositary Bank in accordance with § 13 
paragraph 2 hereof and by submission of a blocking 
instruction by the Depositary Bank for the benefit 
of 
the 
Paying 
Agent 
as 
depository 
(Hinterlegungsstelle) for the voting period. 
(5) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. Der gemeinsame 
Vertreter (der "Gemeinsame Vertreter") ist 
[Name 
und 
Anschrift 
des 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters]. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat die 
Pflichten und Verantwortlichkeiten und Rechte, die 
ihm von Gesetzes wegen zustehen. Die Haftung des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf den zehnfachen 
Betrag seiner jährlichen Vergütung begrenzt, es sei 
denn, der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat vorsätzlich 
oder grob fahrlässig gehandelt. Die Vorschriften 
des SchVG gelten im Hinblick auf die Abberufung 
des Gemeinsamen Vertreters und die sonstigen 
Rechte und Pflichten des Gemeinsamen Vertreters. 
(5) 
Holders' 
representative. 
The 
joint 
representative (the "Holders' Representative") 
shall be [name and address of Holders' 
Representative]. The Holders' Representative shall 
have the duties and responsibilities and powers 
provided for by law. The liability of the Holders' 
Representative shall be limited to ten times of the 
amount of its annual remuneration, unless the 
Holders' Representative has acted wilfully or with 
gross negligence. The provisions of the SchVG 
apply with respect to the dismissal of the Holders' 
Representative and the other rights and obligations 
of the Holders' Representative. 
(6) Veröffentlichung. Alle Bekanntmachungen 
diesen § 12 betreffend werden in Übereinstimmung 
mit den §§ 5 ff. SchVG und § 11 dieser 
Bedingungen getätigt.] 
(6) Publication. Any notices concerning this § 12 
shall be made in accordance with sections 5 et seqq. 
of the SchVG and § 11 hereof.] 
§ [12][13] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTLICHE 
GELTENDMACHUNG 
UND GERICHTSSTAND 
§ [12][13] 
GOVERNING LAW, PLACE OF 
JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und 
Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin 
bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach deutschem 
Recht. 
(1) Governing Law. The Notes, as to form and 
content, and all rights and obligations of the 
Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed in every 
respect by German law. 
(2) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger 
von Schuldverschreibungen ist berechtigt, in jedem 
Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem 
Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger und die 
Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der 
folgenden Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu 
machen: 
(2) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any 
proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such 
Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and 
enforce in his own name his rights arising under 
such Notes on the basis of: 
(a) 
Er 
bringt 
eine 
Bescheinigung 
der 
Depotbank bei, bei der er für die 
(a) 
a statement issued by the Custodian with 
whom such Holder maintains a securities

--- Page 112 ---
- 107 - 
 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche (i) den 
vollständigen Namen und die vollständige 
Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, (ii) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die 
unter dem Datum der Bestätigung auf dem 
Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (iii) 
bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber 
dem Clearingsystem eine schriftliche 
Erklärung 
abgegeben 
hat, 
die 
die 
vorstehend unter (i) und (ii) bezeichneten 
Informationen 
enthält 
und 
einen 
Bestätigungsvermerk des Clearingsystems 
trägt; und 
account in respect of the Notes (i) stating 
the full name and address of the Holder, (ii) 
specifying the aggregate principal amount 
of Notes credited to such securities account 
on the date of such statement and (iii) 
confirming that the Custodian has given 
written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (i) 
and (ii) which has been confirmed by the 
Clearing System; and 
(b) 
er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
vor, 
deren 
Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine 
vertretungsberechtigte 
Person 
des 
Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne dass 
eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der 
die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
in 
einem 
solchen 
Verfahren erforderlich wäre. 
(b) 
a copy of the Note in global form certified 
as being a true copy by a duly authorized 
officer of the Clearing System or a 
depository of the Clearing System, without 
the 
need 
for 
production 
in 
such 
proceedings of the actual records or the 
global note representing the Notes. 
Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet 
"Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges 
anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und 
bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für 
die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält und ein Konto 
beim Clearingsystem unterhält, einschließlich des 
Clearingsystems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden 
kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere Weise 
schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land des 
Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig ist. 
For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means 
any bank or other financial institution of recognized 
standing authorized to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes and which 
maintains an account with the Clearing System, and 
includes the Clearing System. Each Holder may, 
without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce his rights under these Notes also in any 
other way which is admitted in Proceedings in the 
country in which the Proceedings take place. 
(3) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig 
für 
sämtliche 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder 
sonstige Verfahren ("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") ist das 
Landgericht Frankfurt am Main. 
(3) Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court 
(Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main shall have non-
exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes. 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur für nicht nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, 
die 
Beschlüsse 
der 
Gläubiger 
vorsehen: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
senior Floating Rate Notes that provide for 
Resolutions of Holders: 
[Für Entscheidungen gemäß § 9 Absatz 2, § 13 
Absatz 3 und § 18 Absatz 2 SchVG ist gemäß § 9 
Absatz 3 SchVG das Amtsgericht zuständig, in 
dessen Bezirk die Emittentin ihren Sitz hat. Für 
Entscheidungen 
über 
die 
Anfechtung 
von 
Beschlüssen der Anleihegläubiger ist gemäß § 20 
Absatz 3 SchVG das Landgericht ausschließlich 
[The local court (Amtsgericht) in the district where 
the Issuer has its registered office shall, pursuant 
section 9 para. 3 of the SchVG, have jurisdiction 
for all judgments in accordance with sections 9 
para. 2, 13 para. 3 and 18 para. 2 of the SchVG. The 
regional court (Landgericht) in the district where 
the Issuer has its registered office will have 
exclusive jurisdiction for all judgments over

--- Page 113 ---
- 108 - 
 
zuständig, in dessen Bezirk die Emittentin ihren 
Sitz hat.] 
contested resolutions by Noteholders in accordance 
with section 20 para. 3 of the SchVG.] 
§ [13][14] 
SPRACHE 
§ [13][14] 
LANGUAGE 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur für nicht nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, die in deutscher Sprache mit einer 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache abgefasst 
sind: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
senior Floating Rate Notes that shall be in the 
English language with a German language 
translation: 
[Diese Bedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist 
bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[These Conditions are written in the English 
language and provided with a German language 
translation. The English text shall be controlling 
and binding. The German language translation is 
provided for convenience only.] 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur für nicht nachrangige 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, die in englischer Sprache mit einer 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache abgefasst 
sind: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
senior Floating Rate Notes that shall be in the 
German language with an English language 
translation: 
[Diese Bedingungen sind in englischer Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche 
Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist 
bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[These Conditions are written in the German 
language and provided with an English language 
translation. The German text shall be controlling 
and binding. The English language translation is 
provided for convenience only.]

--- Page 114 ---
- 109 - 
 
OPTION III – Emissionsbedingungen für 
nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen 
OPTION III – Terms and Conditions for 
subordinated Notes 
 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Währung; Stückelung. Diese Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") der Oldenburgische 
Landesbank Aktiengesellschaft (die "Emittentin") 
wird in [Währung] ("[Abkürzung Währung]") (die 
"Festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag 
von [Abkürzung Währung] [Gesamtnennbetrag] 
(in Worten: [Währung] [Gesamtnennbetrag in 
Worten]) in einer Stückelung von [Abkürzung 
Währung] [festgelegte Stückelung](
7
) (die 
"Festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of Notes 
(the "Notes") of Oldenburgische Landesbank 
Aktiengesellschaft (the "Issuer") is being issued in 
[Currency] ("[Abbreviation of Currency]") (the 
"Specified Currency") in the aggregate principal 
amount of [Abbreviation of Currency] [aggregate 
principal 
amount] 
(in 
words: 
[Currency] 
[aggregate principal amount in words]) in the 
denomination of [Abbreviation of Currency] 
[Specified Denomination] ( 8 ) (the "Specified 
Denomination"). 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf 
den Inhaber und sind durch eine oder mehrere 
Globalurkunden 
verbrieft 
(jede 
eine 
"Globalurkunde"). 
(2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form 
and represented by one or more global notes (each 
a "Global Note"). 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (5) sind nur auf 
nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, 
die 
von 
Anfang 
an 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind und durch 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt ("CBF") 
verwahrt werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (5) shall only 
apply to subordinated Notes which are initially 
represented by a Permanent Global Note and are 
kept in custody by Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt ("CBF"): 
[(3) 
Dauerglobalurkunde. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die Unterschriften zweier 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der 
Emittentin und ist von dem Fiscal Agent oder in 
dessen Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
[(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are 
represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The 
Permanent Global Note shall be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued. 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, 
Deutschland 
("CBF")][anderes 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie 
jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, Germany ("CBF")][other Clearing 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
 
(7) 
Die Mindeststückelung der nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen, die begeben werden, ist EUR 1.000 oder mindestens ein am 
Tag der Begebung diesem Betrag entsprechender Betrag in einer anderen Währung. 
(8) 
The minimum denomination of the Notes issued will be EUR 1,000 or at least the corresponding amount in any other currency 
as of the issue date.

--- Page 115 ---
- 110 - 
 
(5) 
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Gläubiger" 
bedeutet 
jeder 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an den 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of 
a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial 
interest or right in the Notes.] 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (6) sind nur auf 
nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, 
die in Form einer Neuen Globalurkunde 
("NGN") begeben werden und die von Anfang an 
durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind 
und durch "ICSDs" verwahrt werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (6) shall only 
apply to subordinated Notes which are represented 
by a new global note ("NGN") and which are 
initially represented by a Permanent Global Note 
and are kept in custody by "ICSDs": 
[(3) 
Dauerglobalurkunde. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die Unterschriften zweier 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der 
Emittentin und ist von dem Fiscal Agent oder in 
dessen Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift, sowie 
mit 
der 
eigenhändigen 
Unterschrift 
eines 
bevollmächtigten Vertreters des gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrers 
(common 
safekeeper) 
versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
[(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are 
represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The 
Permanent Global Note shall be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent as 
well as manually signed by an authorized 
representative 
of 
the 
common 
safekeeper. 
Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued. 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, 
Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank S A/N V, 
Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brüssel, Belgien als Betreiberin des Euroclear 
Systems ("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear 
jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs")] 
[anderes Clearingsystem, Adresse] sowie jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank S A/N 
V, Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium as operator of the Euroclear 
System ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an 
"ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")][other Clearing 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
new global note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von 
einem 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrer 
(common safekeeper) im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt. 
The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") 
form and are kept in custody by a common 
safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
(5) Register der ICSDs. Der Nennbetrag der durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in 
den 
Registern 
beider 
ICSDs 
eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen 
man die Register versteht, die jeder ICSD für seine 
Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind schlüssiger 
Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, 
und eine zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Nennbetrag 
der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist ein 
(5) Records of the ICSDs. The nominal amount of 
Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the 
records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs 
(which expression means the records that each 
ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) 
shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount 
of Notes represented by the Global Note and, for 
these purposes, a statement issued by a ICSD 
stating the nominal amount of Notes so represented

--- Page 116 ---
- 111 - 
 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt des Registers 
des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung bezüglich 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. 
bei 
Kauf 
und 
Entwertung 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
stellt 
die 
Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über 
Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf und 
Löschung bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in 
die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und 
dass nach dieser Eintragung vom Nennbetrag der in 
die Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag der 
zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften und entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen wird. 
On any redemption or interest being made in 
respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any of 
the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer 
shall procure that details of any redemption, 
payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case 
may be) in respect of the Global Note shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs and, 
upon any such entry being made, the nominal 
amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be 
reduced by the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Notes so redeemed or purchased and cancelled. 
Im Falle einer Ersetzung der Emittentin gemäß 
diesen Bedingungen, wird die Emittentin dafür 
sorgen, dass die Ersetzung in den Aufzeichnungen 
der ICSDs eingetragen wird. 
In case of a substitution of the Issuer in accordance 
with these Conditions the Issuer shall procure that 
such substitution is recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs. 
(6) 
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Gläubiger" 
bedeutet 
jeder 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an den 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
(6) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of 
a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial 
interest or right in the Notes.] 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (5) sind nur auf 
nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, 
die in Form einer Klassischen Globalurkunde 
("CGN") begeben werden und die von Anfang an 
durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind 
und durch ein oder mehrere "ICSDs" verwahrt 
werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (5) shall only 
apply to subordinated Notes which are represented 
by a classical global note ("CGN") and which are 
initially represented by a Permanent Global Note 
and are kept in custody by a common depository 
on behalf of both "ICSDs": 
[(3) 
Dauerglobalurkunde. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die Unterschriften zweier 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der 
Emittentin und ist von dem Fiscal Agent oder in 
dessen Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
[(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are 
represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The 
Permanent Global Note shall be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued. 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, 
Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank S A/N V, 
Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brüssel, Belgien als Betreiberin des Euroclear 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank S A/N 
V, Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium as operator of the Euroclear

--- Page 117 ---
- 112 - 
 
Systems ("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear 
jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs")] 
[anderes Clearingsystem, Adresse] sowie jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
System ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an 
"ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")][other Clearing 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
classical global note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von 
einem common depository im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt. 
The Notes are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common depository on behalf of both ICSDs. 
(5) 
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Gläubiger" 
bedeutet 
jeder 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an den 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of 
a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial 
interest or right in the Notes.] 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (5) sind nur auf 
nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, 
die 
anfänglich 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind 
und 
durch 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt ("CBF") 
verwahrt werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (5) shall only 
apply to subordinated Notes which are kept in 
custody by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
("CBF") and which are initially represented by a 
Temporary Global Note: 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
[(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
anfänglich 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
"vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der 
festgelegten Stückelung, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin 
und sind jeweils von dem Fiscal Agent 
oder 
in 
dessen 
Namen 
mit 
einer 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without coupons. The 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
will 
be 
exchangeable for Notes in the Specified 
Denomination represented by a permanent 
global note (the "Permanent Global 
Note") without coupons. The Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global 
Note shall each be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and 
shall each be authenticated by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and 
interest coupons will not be issued. 
(b) 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an 
einem Tag (der "Austauschtag") gegen 
die Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der 
nicht mehr als 180 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
liegt. Der Austauschtag soll nicht weniger 
als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung 
liegen. Ein solcher Austausch darf nur 
nach 
Vorlage 
von 
Bescheinigungen 
erfolgen, 
wonach 
der 
oder 
die 
wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
U. 
S.-
Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, 
die Schuldverschreibungen über solche 
Finanzinstitute 
halten). 
Solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
eine 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchanged for the Permanent Global Note 
on a date (the "Exchange Date") not later 
than 180 days after the date of issue of the 
Notes. The Exchange Date shall not be 
earlier than 40 days after the date of issue. 
Such exchange shall only be made upon 
delivery of certifications to the effect that 
the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Notes is not a U.S. person (other than 
certain financial institutions or certain 
persons holding Notes through such 
financial institutions). Payment of interest 
on Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note will be made only after 
delivery of such certifications. A separate 
certification shall be required in respect of

--- Page 118 ---
- 113 - 
 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
werden Zinszahlungen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher Bescheinigungen vorgenommen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede 
solche Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, wird als 
ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
gemäß 
Absatz (b) 
dieses 
§ 1 
Absatz (3) 
auszutauschen. 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die im Austausch für die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, dürfen 
nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie 
in § 4 Absatz (4) definiert) geliefert 
werden. 
each such payment of interest. Any such 
certification received on or after the 40th 
day after the date of issue of the Notes will 
be treated as a request to exchange the 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to 
paragraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any Notes 
delivered in exchange for the Temporary 
Global Note shall be delivered only outside 
of the United States (as defined in § 4 (4)). 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, 
Deutschland 
("CBF")][anderes 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie 
jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, Germany ("CBF")][other Clearing 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
(5) 
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Gläubiger" 
bedeutet 
jeder 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an den 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of 
a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial 
interest or right in the Notes.] 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (6) sind nur auf 
nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, 
die in Form einer Neuen Globalurkunde 
("NGN") begeben werden und die anfänglich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft 
sind und durch "ICSDs" verwahrt werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (6) shall only 
apply to subordinated Notes which are represented 
by a new global note ("NGN") and which are 
initially represented by a Temporary Global Note 
and are kept in custody by "ICSDs": 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
anfänglich 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
"vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der 
festgelegten Stückelung, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. 
Die 
Einzelheiten 
eines 
solchen 
Austausches 
werden 
in 
die 
Aufzeichnungen der ICSD aufgenommen. 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without coupons. The 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
will 
be 
exchangeable for Notes in the Specified 
Denomination represented by a permanent 
global note (the "Permanent Global 
Note") without coupons. The details of 
such exchange shall be entered in the 
records of the ICSD. The details of such 
exchange shall be entered in the records of 
the ICSD. The Temporary Global Note and 
the Permanent Global Note shall each be 
signed by two authorized signatories of the 
Issuer and shall each be authenticated by or 
on behalf of the Fiscal Agent as well as 
manually 
signed 
by 
an 
authorized

--- Page 119 ---
- 114 - 
 
und sind jeweils von dem Fiscal Agent 
oder 
in 
dessen 
Namen 
mit 
einer 
Kontrollunterschrift, 
sowie 
mit 
der 
eigenhändigen 
Unterschrift 
eines 
bevollmächtigten 
Vertreters 
des 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrers 
(common 
safekeeper) 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
representative of the common safekeeper. 
Definitive Notes and interest coupons will 
not be issued. 
(b) 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an 
einem Tag (der "Austauschtag") gegen 
die Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der 
nicht mehr als 180 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
liegt. Der Austauschtag soll nicht weniger 
als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung 
liegen. Ein solcher Austausch darf nur 
nach 
Vorlage 
von 
Bescheinigungen 
erfolgen, 
wonach 
der 
oder 
die 
wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
U. 
S.-
Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, 
die Schuldverschreibungen über solche 
Finanzinstitute 
halten). 
Solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
werden Zinszahlungen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher Bescheinigungen vorgenommen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede 
solche Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, wird als 
ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
gemäß 
Absatz (b) 
dieses 
§ 1 
Absatz (3) 
auszutauschen. 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die im Austausch für die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, dürfen 
nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie 
in § 4 Absatz (4) definiert) geliefert 
werden. 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchanged for the Permanent Global Note 
on a date (the "Exchange Date") not later 
than 180 days after the date of issue of the 
Notes. The Exchange Date shall not be 
earlier than 40 days after the date of issue. 
Such exchange shall only be made upon 
delivery of certifications to the effect that 
the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Notes is not a U.S. person (other than 
certain financial institutions or certain 
persons holding Notes through such 
financial institutions). Payment of interest 
on Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note will be made only after 
delivery of such certifications. A separate 
certification shall be required in respect of 
each such payment of interest. Any such 
certification received on or after the 40th 
day after the date of issue of the Notes will 
be treated as a request to exchange the 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to 
paragraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any Notes 
delivered in exchange for the Temporary 
Global Note shall be delivered only outside 
of the United States (as defined in § 4 (4)). 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, 
Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank S A/N V, 
Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brüssel, Belgien als Betreiberin des Euroclear 
Systems ("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear 
jeweils 
ein 
"ICSD" 
und 
zusammen 
die 
"ICSDs")][anderes 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank S A/N 
V, Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium as operator of the Euroclear 
System ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an 
"ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")][other Clearing 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity.

--- Page 120 ---
- 115 - 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
new global note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von 
einem 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrer 
(common safekeeper) im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt. 
The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") 
form and are kept in custody by a common 
safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
(5) Register der ICSDs. Der Nennbetrag der durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in 
den 
Registern 
beider 
ICSDs 
eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen 
man die Register versteht, die jeder ICSD für seine 
Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind schlüssiger 
Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, 
und eine zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Nennbetrag 
der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist ein 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt des Registers 
des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
(5) Records of the ICSDs. The nominal amount of 
Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the 
records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs 
(which expression means the records that each 
ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) 
shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount 
of Notes represented by the Global Note and, for 
these purposes, a statement issued by a ICSD 
stating the nominal amount of Notes so represented 
at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung bezüglich 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. 
bei 
Kauf 
und 
Entwertung 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
stellt 
die 
Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über 
Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf und 
Löschung bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in 
die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und 
dass nach dieser Eintragung vom Nennbetrag der in 
die Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag der 
zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften und entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen wird. 
On any redemption or payment of interest being 
made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, 
any of the Notes represented by the Global Note the 
Issuer shall procure that details of any redemption, 
payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case 
may be) in respect of the Global Note shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs and, 
upon any such entry being made, the nominal 
amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be 
reduced by the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Notes so redeemed or purchased and cancelled. 
Bei Austausch eines Anteils von ausschließlich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
sicherstellen, 
dass 
die 
Einzelheiten 
dieses 
Austauschs pro rata in die Aufzeichnungen der 
ICSDs aufgenommen werden. 
On an exchange of a portion only of the Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note, the Issuer 
shall procure that details of such exchange shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs. 
Im Falle einer Ersetzung der Emittentin gemäß 
diesen Bedingungen, wird die Emittentin dafür 
sorgen, dass die Ersetzung in den Aufzeichnungen 
der ICSDs eingetragen wird. 
In case of a substitution of the Issuer in accordance 
with these Conditions the Issuer shall procure that 
such substitution is recorded in the records of the 
ICSDs. 
(6) 
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Gläubiger" 
bedeutet 
jeder 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an den 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
(6) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of 
a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial 
interest or right in the Notes.]

--- Page 121 ---
- 116 - 
 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (5) sind nur auf 
nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, 
die in Form einer Klassischen Globalurkunde 
("CGN") begeben werden und die anfänglich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft 
sind und durch "ICSDs" verwahrt werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (5) shall only 
apply to subordinated Notes which are represented 
by a classical global note ("CGN") and which are 
initially represented by a Temporary Global Note 
and are kept in custody by "ICSDs": 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
anfänglich 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
"vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der 
festgelegten Stückelung, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. 
Die 
Einzelheiten 
eines 
solchen 
Austausches 
werden 
in 
die 
Aufzeichnungen der ICSD aufgenommen. 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin 
und sind jeweils von dem Fiscal Agent 
oder 
in 
dessen 
Namen 
mit 
einer 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without coupons. The 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
will 
be 
exchangeable for Notes in the Specified 
Denomination represented by a permanent 
global note (the "Permanent Global 
Note") without coupons. The details of 
such exchange shall be entered in the 
records of the ICSD. The Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global 
Note shall each be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and 
shall each be authenticated by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and 
interest coupons will not be issued. 
(b) 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an 
einem Tag (der "Austauschtag") gegen 
die Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der 
nicht mehr als 180 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
liegt. Der Austauschtag soll nicht weniger 
als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung 
liegen. Ein solcher Austausch darf nur 
nach 
Vorlage 
von 
Bescheinigungen 
erfolgen, 
wonach 
der 
oder 
die 
wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
U.S.-
Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, 
die Schuldverschreibungen über solche 
Finanzinstitute 
halten). 
Solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
werden Zinszahlungen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher Bescheinigungen vorgenommen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede 
solche Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, wird als 
ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
gemäß 
Absatz (b) 
dieses 
§ 1 
Absatz (3) 
auszutauschen. 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchanged for the Permanent Global Note 
on a date (the "Exchange Date") not later 
than 180 days after the date of issue of the 
Notes. The Exchange Date shall not be 
earlier than 40 days after the date of issue. 
Such exchange shall only be made upon 
delivery of certifications to the effect that 
the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Notes is not a U.S. person (other than 
certain financial institutions or certain 
persons holding Notes through such 
financial institutions). Payment of interest 
on Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note will be made only after 
delivery of such certifications. A separate 
certification shall be required in respect of 
each such payment of interest. Any such 
certification received on or after the 40th 
day after the date of issue of the Notes will 
be treated as a request to exchange the 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to 
paragraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any Notes 
delivered in exchange for the Temporary 
Global Note shall be delivered only outside 
of the United States (as defined in § 4 (4)).

--- Page 122 ---
- 117 - 
 
die im Austausch für die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, dürfen 
nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie 
in § 4 Absatz (4) definiert) geliefert 
werden. 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, 
Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank S A/N V, 
Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brüssel, Belgien als Betreiberin des Euroclear 
Systems ("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear 
jeweils 
ein 
"ICSD" 
und 
zusammen 
die 
"ICSDs")][anderes 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank S A/N 
V, Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium as operator of the Euroclear 
System ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an 
"ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")][other Clearing 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
classical global note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von 
einem common depository im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt. 
The Notes are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common depository on behalf of both ICSDs. 
(5) 
Gläubiger 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
"Gläubiger" 
bedeutet 
jeder 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an den 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of 
a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial 
interest or right in the Notes.] 
§ 2 
STATUS 
§ 2 
STATUS 
(1) 
Rang 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begründen 
nicht 
besicherte, nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen anderen 
nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
gleichrangig 
sind, 
soweit 
nicht 
gesetzliche 
Vorschriften oder die Bedingungen anderer 
Verbindlichkeiten eine andere Regelung vorsehen. 
Im Fall von Abwicklungsmaßnahmen in Bezug auf 
die Emittentin und im Fall der Auflösung, der 
Liquidation oder der Insolvenz der Emittentin oder 
eines 
Vergleichs 
oder 
eines 
anderen 
der 
Abwendung der Insolvenz dienenden Verfahrens 
gegen die Emittentin gehen die Verbindlichkeiten 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen den Ansprüchen 
dritter Gläubiger der Emittentin aus nicht 
nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten und, soweit die 
Schuldverschreibungen als Eigenmittel im Sinn der 
Verordnung (EU) 575/2013 des Europäischen 
Parlaments 
und 
des 
Rates 
über 
die 
Aufsichtsanforderungen an Kreditinstitute und 
Wertpapierfirmen vom 26. Juni 2013 in der jeweils 
gültigen Fassung (die "CRR") qualifizieren, aus 
vertraglich nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten gemäß 
§ 46f Absatz 7a Satz 3 des Kreditwesengesetzes 
("KWG") im Range vollständig nach, so dass 
(1) Status of the Notes. The obligations under the 
Notes constitute unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, ranking pari passu among 
themselves and pari passu with all other 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer, except as 
otherwise provided by applicable law or the terms 
of any such other obligations. In the event of 
resolution measures imposed on the Issuer and in 
the event of the dissolution, liquidation, insolvency 
or other proceedings for the avoidance of 
insolvency of, or against, the Issuer, the obligations 
under the Notes shall be fully subordinated to the 
claims of other unsubordinated creditors of the 
Issuer and, as long as the Notes qualify as own 
funds (within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) 
No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms of 26 June 2013, 
as amended (the "CRR")), to the claims of all 
contractually subordinated creditors of the Issuer 
within the meaning of Section 46f (7a) 3rd sentence 
of the German Banking Act (Kreditwesengesetz, 
"KWG"), so that in any such event no amounts 
shall be payable in respect of the Notes until the 
claims of all unsubordinated and contractually 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer in the meaning

--- Page 123 ---
- 118 - 
 
Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen solange 
nicht erfolgen, wie die Ansprüche dieser dritten 
Gläubiger der Emittentin aus nicht nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
und 
aus 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten gemäß § 46f Absatz 7a Satz 3 
KWG nicht vollständig befriedigt sind. Kein 
Gläubiger 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
berechtigt, 
mit 
Ansprüchen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen gegen Ansprüche der 
Emittentin aufzurechnen. Unter Beachtung dieser 
Nachrangregelung 
bleibt 
es 
der 
Emittentin 
unbenommen, ihre Verbindlichkeiten aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch aus dem sonstigen 
freien Vermögen zu bedienen. Den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen wird für ihre Rechte aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen weder durch die 
Emittentin noch durch Dritte irgendeine Sicherheit 
oder Garantie gestellt; eine solche Sicherheit oder 
Garantie wird auch zu keinem späteren Zeitpunkt 
gestellt werden. 
of Section 46f paragraph 7 a 3rd sentence of the 
German Banking Act have been satisfied in full. No 
Holder may set off his claims arising under the 
Notes against any claims of the Issuer. Considering 
this subordination provision the Issuer is free to 
meet its obligations under the Notes also out of 
other free assets. No security or guarantee of 
whatever kind is, or shall at any time be, provided 
by the Issuer or any other person securing rights of 
the Holders under the Notes. 
Der folgende Absatz (2) ist nur auf nachrangige 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, bei denen 
kein Wahlrecht der Emittentin zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung besteht: 
The following paragraph 2 shall only apply to 
subordinated Notes which are not subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
[(2) Keine nachträgliche Änderung des Status und 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
ohne 
Zustimmung. 
Nachträglich können der Nachrang gemäß § 2 
Absatz 1 nicht beschränkt sowie die Laufzeit der 
Schuldverschreibungen und jede anwendbare 
Kündigungsfrist nicht verkürzt werden. Werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig unter anderen als 
den in § 2 Absatz 1 beschriebenen Umständen oder 
infolge einer vorzeitigen Kündigung nach Maßgabe 
von 
§ 3 
Absatz 2(h) 
oder 
§ 5 
Absatz 2 
zurückgezahlt 
oder 
von 
der 
Emittentin 
zurückerworben, so ist der zurückgezahlte oder 
gezahlte Betrag der Emittentin ohne Rücksicht auf 
entgegenstehende 
Vereinbarungen 
zurück 
zu 
gewähren, sofern nicht die für die Emittentin 
zuständige Behörde der vorzeitigen Rückzahlung 
oder dem vorzeitigen Rückkauf zugestimmt hat. 
Eine 
Kündigung 
oder 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Maßgabe von § 3 oder 
§ 5 oder ein Rückkauf der Schuldverschreibungen 
vor Endfälligkeit ist in jedem Fall nur mit 
vorheriger Zustimmung der für die Emittentin 
zuständigen Behörde zulässig.] 
[(2) No subsequent change of status and early 
redemption without consent. No subsequent 
agreement may limit the subordination pursuant to 
the provisions set out in § 2 paragraph 1 or shorten 
the term of the Notes or any applicable notice 
period. If the Notes are redeemed or repurchased by 
the Issuer otherwise than in the circumstances 
described in § 2 paragraph 1 or as a result of an 
early redemption pursuant to § 3 paragraph 2(h) or 
§ 5 paragraph 2, then the amounts redeemed or paid 
must be returned to the Issuer irrespective of any 
agreement to the contrary unless the competent 
authority has given its consent to such early 
redemption or repurchase. Any cancellation or 
redemption of the Notes pursuant to § 3 or § 5 or 
any repurchase of the Notes prior to their scheduled 
maturity requires the prior consent of the competent 
authority of the Issuer.] 
Der folgende Absatz (2) ist nur auf nachrangige 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, bei denen ein 
Wahlrecht 
der 
Emittentin 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung besteht: 
The following paragraph 2 shall only apply to 
subordinated Notes which are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
[(2) Keine nachträgliche Änderung des Status und 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
ohne 
Zustimmung. 
Nachträglich können der Nachrang gemäß § 2 
Absatz 1 nicht beschränkt sowie die Laufzeit der 
Schuldverschreibungen und jede anwendbare 
Kündigungsfrist nicht verkürzt werden. Werden die 
[(2) No subsequent change of status and early 
redemption without consent. No subsequent 
agreement may limit the subordination pursuant to 
the provisions set out in § 2 paragraph 1 or shorten 
the term of the Notes or any applicable notice 
period. If the Notes are redeemed or repurchased by

--- Page 124 ---
- 119 - 
 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig unter anderen als 
den in § 2 Absatz 1 beschriebenen Umständen oder 
infolge einer vorzeitigen Kündigung nach Maßgabe 
von § 3 Absatz 2(h) oder § 5 Absätze 2 oder 3 
zurückgezahlt 
oder 
von 
der 
Emittentin 
zurückerworben, so ist der zurückgezahlte oder 
gezahlte Betrag der Emittentin ohne Rücksicht auf 
entgegenstehende 
Vereinbarungen 
zurück 
zu 
gewähren, sofern nicht die für die Emittentin 
zuständige Behörde der vorzeitigen Rückzahlung 
oder dem vorzeitigen Rückkauf zugestimmt hat. 
Eine 
Kündigung 
oder 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Maßgabe von § 3 oder 
§ 5 oder ein Rückkauf der Schuldverschreibungen 
vor Endfälligkeit ist in jedem Fall nur mit 
vorheriger Zustimmung der für die Emittentin 
zuständigen Behörde zulässig.] 
the Issuer otherwise than in the circumstances 
described in § 2 paragraph 1 or as a result of an 
early redemption pursuant to § 3 paragraph 2(h) or 
§ 5 paragraphs 2 or 3, then the amounts redeemed 
or paid must be returned to the Issuer irrespective 
of any agreement to the contrary unless the 
competent authority has given its consent to such 
early redemption or repurchase. Any cancellation 
or redemption of the Notes pursuant to § 3 or § 5 or 
any repurchase of the Notes prior to their scheduled 
maturity requires the prior consent of the competent 
authority of the Issuer.] 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
Der folgende Absatz (1) ist nur auf nachrangige 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, die keine 
nachrangigen 
Step-up/Step-down 
Schuldverschreibungen und keine nachrangigen 
kündbaren 
festverzinslichen 
Reset-
Schuldverschreibungen sind: 
The following paragraph (1) shall only apply to 
subordinated Notes which are no subordinated 
Step-up/Step-down Notes and no subordinated 
Callable Fixed Rate Reset Notes: 
[(1) 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf ihren 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
verzinst, 
und 
zwar 
vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 definiert) (ausschließlich) 
mit [Zinssatz] % per annum. Die Zinsen sind 
nachträglich am [Zinszahlungstag(e)] eines jeden 
Jahres zahlbar (jeweils ein "Zinszahlungstag"). 
Die 
erste 
Zinszahlung 
erfolgt 
am 
[erster 
Zinszahlungstag][(kurzer erster Kupon)][(langer 
erster Kupon)], der letzte dem Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehende 
Zinszahlungstag 
ist 
der 
[Fälligkeitstag vorausgehender Zinszahlungstag] 
[(kurzer letzter Kupon)][(langer letzter Kupon)], 
wobei 
der 
Fälligkeitstag 
ebenfalls 
ein 
Zinszahlungstag ist.] 
[(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. 
The Notes shall bear interest on their aggregate 
principal amount at the rate of [Rate of 
Interest] per cent. per annum from [Interest 
Commencement Date] (including) to the Maturity 
Date (as defined in § 5) (excluding)]. Interest shall 
be payable in arrear on [Interest Date(s)] in each 
year (each such date, an "Interest Payment Date"). 
The first payment of interest shall be made on [First 
Interest Payment Date][(short first coupon)][(long 
first 
coupon)], 
the 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
immediately preceding the Maturity Date is 
[Interest Date preceding the Maturity Date] [(short 
last coupon)][(long last coupon)], whereas the 
Maturity Date is also an Interest Payment Date.] 
Der folgende Absatz (1) ist nur auf nachrangige 
Step-Up bzw. Step-Down Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar: 
The following paragraph (1) shall only apply to 
subordinated Step-up / Step-down Notes: 
[(1) 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf ihren 
Gesamtnennbetrag verzinst, und zwar 
[(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. 
The Notes shall bear interest on their aggregate 
principal amount 
vom [Verzinsungsbeginn] (einschließlich) bis zum 
[Datum] (ausschließlich) mit [Zinssatz] % per 
annum; 
at the rate of [Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum 
from [Interest Commencement Date] (including) 
to [Date] (excluding);

--- Page 125 ---
- 120 - 
 
[vom [Datum] (einschließlich) bis zum [Datum] 
(ausschließlich) mit [Zinssatz] % per annum;(9)] 
[at the rate of [Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum 
from [Date] (including) to [Date] (excluding);(10)] 
und vom [Datum] (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 definiert) (ausschließlich) 
mit [Zinssatz] % per annum. 
and from [Date] (including) to the Maturity Date 
(as defined in § 5) (excluding) at the rate of [Rate 
of Interest] cent. per annum. 
Die 
Zinsen 
sind 
nachträglich 
am 
[Zinszahlungstage(e)] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Zinszahlungstag"). 
Die 
erste 
Zinszahlung 
erfolgt 
am 
[erster 
Zinszahlungstag][(kurzer erster Kupon)][(langer 
erster Kupon)], der letzte dem Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehende 
Zinszahlungstag 
ist 
der 
[Fälligkeitstag vorausgehender Zinszahlungstag] 
[(kurzer letzter Kupon)][(langer letzter Kupon)], 
wobei 
der 
Fälligkeitstag 
ebenfalls 
ein 
Zinszahlungstag ist. 
Interest shall be payable in arrear on [Interest 
Date(s)] in each year (each such date, an "Interest 
Payment Date"). The first payment of interest shall 
be made on [First Interest Payment Date][(short 
first coupon)][(long first coupon)], the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Maturity 
Date is [Interest Date preceding the Maturity 
Date] [(short last coupon)][(long last coupon)], 
whereas the Maturity Date is also an Interest 
Payment Date.] 
Der folgende Absatz (1) ist nur auf nachrangige 
kündbare 
festverzinsliche 
Reset-
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar: 
The following paragraph (1) shall only apply to 
subordinated Callable Fixed Rate Reset Notes: 
[(1) Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage. 
[(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. 
(a) 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
bezogen auf ihren Gesamtnennbetrag 
verzinst, und zwar 
(a) 
The Notes shall bear interest on their 
aggregate principal amount 
(i) 
vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] 
(einschließlich) bis zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (wie in § 5 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich) 
mit 
[Zinssatz] % per annum und 
(i) 
at 
the 
rate 
of 
[Rate 
of 
Interest] per cent. 
per 
annum 
from [Interest Commencement 
Date] (including) to the Call 
Redemption Date (as defined in 
§ 5) (excluding) and 
(ii) 
vom 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich) 
mit 
einem am Zinsfestlegungstag (wie 
nachfolgend 
definiert) 
festgestellten 
Zinssatz 
(der 
"Reset-Zinssatz"), 
der 
dem 
[Anzahl der anwendbaren Jahre 
einfügen]-Jahres-Euro-Swap-
Satz (wie nachfolgend definiert) 
zuzüglich 
einer 
Marge 
von 
[Marge einfügen] % per annum 
entspricht, 
wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 
definiert) erfolgen. 
(ii) 
from the Call Redemption Date 
(including) to the Maturity Date 
(as defined in § 5) (excluding) at a 
Rate of Interest (the "Reset Rate 
of Interest") determined by the 
Calculation Agent (as defined in 
§ 6) on the Interest Determination 
Date (as defined below), which is 
equal 
to 
[insert 
applicable 
number of years] Year Euro Swap 
Rate (as defined below) plus a 
margin 
of 
[insert 
Margin] per cent. per annum. 
Die 
Zinsen 
sind 
nachträglich 
am 
[Zinszahlungstag] eines jeden Jahres 
zahlbar (jeweils ein "Zinszahlungstag"). 
Interest shall be payable in arrear on 
[Interest Date] in each year (each such 
date, an "Interest Payment Date"). The 
 
(9) 
Weitere Zeiträume nach Bedarf einfügen. 
(10) Insert further periods if needed.

--- Page 126 ---
- 121 - 
 
Die erste Zinszahlung erfolgt am [erster 
Zinszahlungstag]. 
first payment of interest shall be made on 
[First Interest Payment Date]. 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, 
dass der Reset-Zinssatz (i) der Emittentin, 
der Zahlstelle und jeder Börse, an der die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren 
Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse 
verlangen, baldmöglichst nach dessen 
Festlegung, aber keinesfalls später als am 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 
definiert) mitgeteilt wird und (ii) den 
Gläubigern baldmöglichst nach dessen 
Festlegung gemäß § 11 mitgeteilt wird. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Reset 
Rate of Interest to be notified (i) to the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are from time 
to time listed, to such stock exchange as 
soon as possible after their determination, 
but in no event later than the first day of the 
Call Redemption Date (as defined in § 5 
below) and (ii) to the Holders as soon as 
possible after their determination in 
accordance with § 11. 
Die Festsetzung des Reset-Zinssatzes und 
alle in diesem Zusammenhang von der 
Berechnungsstelle 
getroffenen 
Entscheidungen sind (sofern nicht ein 
offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die 
Emittentin, 
die 
Zahlstelle 
und 
die 
Gläubiger bindend. 
All determinations made with regard to the 
Reset Rate of Interest and any decisions 
related thereto, shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent and the Holders. 
"[Fünf][Anzahl der anwendbaren Jahre 
einfügen]-Jahres-Euro-Swap-Satz" 
ist 
der als Zinssatz per annum ausgedrückte 
Swapsatz bezüglich in Euro denominierter 
Swap Transaktionen mit einer Laufzeit von 
[fünf][Anzahl der anwendbaren Jahre 
einfügen] 
Jahren 
der 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
(wie 
nachfolgend 
definiert) am Zinsfestlegungstag unter der 
Bildüberschrift "EURIBOR BASIS – 
EUR" und über der Spalte "11:00AM 
FRANKFURT" 
gegen 
11:00 
Uhr 
(Frankfurter Ortszeit) angezeigt wird, 
wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
"[Insert applicable number of years] Year 
Euro Swap Rate" is the annual swap rate 
expressed as a percentage per annum for 
euro swap transactions with a maturity of 
[insert applicable number of years] years 
which appears on the Screen Page (as 
defined 
below) 
on 
the 
Interest 
Determination Date under the heading 
"EURIBOR BASIS – EUR" and above the 
caption "11:00AM FRANKFURT" as of 
11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
zweiten Geschäftstag vor dem Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag. 
"Interest Determination Date" means the 
second Business Day prior to the Call 
Redemption Date. 
"Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem 
TARGET2 
(Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System) Zahlungen 
abwickelt. 
"Business Day" means a day (other than a 
Saturday 
or 
a 
Sunday) 
on 
which 
TARGET2 (Trans-European Automated 
Real-time 
Gross 
Settlement 
Express 
Transfer System) settles payments. 
"Bildschirmseite" bedeutet [Bildschirm-
seite]. 
"Screen Page" means [relevant screen 
page]. 
(b) 
Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite 
nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder wird der 
[Anzahl 
der 
anwendbaren 
Jahre 
einfügen]-Jahres-Euro-Swap-Satz 
nicht 
angezeigt (in jedem dieser Fälle zu der 
genannten Zeit) und ist kein Benchmark 
Ereignis 
im 
Sinne 
von 
Absatz (2) 
(b) 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no 
quotation for the [insert applicable 
number of years] Year Euro Swap Rate 
appears (in each case as at such time), and 
if no Benchmark Event occurs in 
accordance with paragraph ([5][6][7]), the 
Calculation Agent shall inform the Issuer

--- Page 127 ---
- 122 - 
 
eingetreten, wird die Berechnungsstelle die 
Emittentin hierüber informieren und den 
[Anzahl 
der 
anwendbaren 
Jahre 
einfügen]-Jahres-Euro-Swap-Satz auf der 
Grundlage der [Anzahl der anwendbaren 
Jahre einfügen]-Jahres-Swap-Quotierung 
(wie nachfolgend definiert), die der 
Emittentin (die der Berechnungsstelle die 
[Anzahl 
der 
anwendbaren 
Jahre 
einfügen]-Jahres-Swap-Quotierung 
zur 
Verfügung 
stellt) 
von 
den 
fünf 
Referenzbanken 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Frankfurter 
Ortszeit) am Zinsfestlegungstag gemeldet 
werden, festgelegt. 
hereof and determine the [insert applicable 
number of years] Year Euro Swap Rate on 
a basis of the [insert applicable number of 
years] Year Swap Quotation (as defined 
below) as provided to the Issuer (who shall 
provide to the Calculation Agent) by five 
Reference Banks (as defined below) at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) 
on the Interest Determination Date. 
Falls drei oder mehr Referenzbanken der 
Emittentin (die der Berechnungsstelle die 
Quotierung zur Verfügung stellt) solche 
Quotierungen nennen, ist der [Anzahl der 
anwendbaren Jahre einfügen]-Jahres-
Euro-Swap-Satz das arithmetische Mittel 
(falls erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet 
auf 
das 
nächste 
Hunderttausendstel 
Prozent, wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet 
wird) dieser Quotierungen, wobei die 
höchste 
bzw. 
eine 
der 
höchsten 
Quotierungen 
bei 
identischen 
Quotierungen 
und 
die 
niedrigste 
Quotierung bzw. eine der niedrigsten 
Quotierungen 
bei 
identischen 
Quotierungen nicht mitgezählt werden, 
wobei 
die 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
If three or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Issuer (who provides the 
Calculation Agent) with such quotations, 
the [insert applicable number of years] 
Year Euro Swap Rate shall be the 
arithmetic 
mean 
(rounded 
up- 
or 
downwards if necessary to the nearest one 
hundred thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of 
such quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, 
in case of equality, one of the lowest), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Falls 
nur 
zwei 
oder 
weniger 
Referenzbanken der Emittentin (die der 
Berechnungsstelle die Quotierung zur 
Verfügung 
stellt) 
solche 
Quotierung 
nennen, 
so 
ist 
der 
[Anzahl 
der 
anwendbaren Jahre einfügen]-Jahres-
Euro-Swap-Satz der Satz, wie er auf der 
Bildschirmseite an dem letzten Tag vor 
dem Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem dieser 
Satz noch angezeigt wurde, angezeigt 
worden ist. 
If only two or less of the Reference Banks 
provides the Issuer (who provides the 
Calculation Agent) with such quotations, 
the [insert applicable number of years] 
Year Euro Swap Rate shall be the rate as 
displayed on the Screen Page on the last 
day preceding the Interest Determination 
Date on which such rate was displayed. 
"[Anzahl 
der 
anwendbaren 
Jahre 
einfügen]-Jahres-Swap-Quotierung" 
bedeutet den arithmetischen Mittelwert 
von Kauf- und Verkaufssätzen für den 
Festzinssatz (auf Basis eines 30/360 
Zinstagequotienten berechnet) für einen 
Fixed-for-Floating Euro Zinsswap mit 
jährlicher Zinszahlung, der (i) eine 
[Anzahl 
der 
anwendbaren 
Jahre 
einfügen]jährige Laufzeit hat, beginnend 
mit dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag, (ii) ein 
Betrag ist, der ein repräsentativer Wert für 
eine einzelne Transaktion im relevanten 
Markt zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt mit einem 
"[Insert applicable number of years] Year 
Swap Quotation" means the arithmetic 
mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
fixed leg (calculated on 30/360 day count 
fraction basis) of a fixed-for-floating euro 
interest rate swap with annual interest 
payments which (i) has a term of [insert 
applicable number of years] years 
commencing on the Call Redemption Date, 
(ii) is in an amount that is representative of 
a single transaction in the relevant market 
at 
the 
relevant 
time 
with 
an 
acknowledgement dealer of good credit in 
the swap market and (iii) has a floating

--- Page 128 ---
- 123 - 
 
anerkannten Händler mit guter Bonität auf 
dem Swapmarkt ist und (iii) einen 
variablen Zinssatz auf Basis des Sechs-
Monats Euribor (auf Basis eines Act/360 
Zinstagequotienten berechnet) hat. 
interest based on the six-months Euribor 
(calculated on an Act/360 basis) with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the 
swap market. 
"Referenzbanken" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Niederlassungen von führenden Swap-
Händlern im Interbanken-Markt.] 
"Reference Banks" means those offices of 
leading swap dealers in the interbank 
market.] 
Der folgende Absatz (2) ist nur auf nachrangige 
kündbare 
festverzinsliche 
Reset-
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar: 
The following paragraph (2) shall only apply to 
subordinated Callable Fixed Rate Reset Notes: 
[(2) Wegfall des [Anzahl der anwendbaren Jahre 
einfügen]-Jahres-Euro-Swap-Satzes. 
[(2) Discontinuation of the [insert applicable 
number of years] Year Euro Swap Rate. 
(a)  
Wenn ein Benchmark Ereignis in Bezug 
auf den [Anzahl der anwendbaren Jahre 
einfügen]-Jahres-Euro-Swap-Satz eintritt 
und der Reset-Zinssatz noch anhand des 
[Anzahl 
der 
anwendbaren 
Jahre 
einfügen]-Jahres-Euro-Swapsatzes 
am 
Zinsfestlegungstag festzulegen ist, dann 
ernennt die Emittentin unverzüglich unter 
zumutbaren 
Bemühungen 
einen 
Unabhängigen Berater, der, sobald wie 
vernünftigerweise 
möglich, 
einen 
Nachfolgezinssatz oder anderenfalls einen 
Alternativzinssatz (jeweils gemäß § 3 
Absatz (2)(b)) und in beiden Fällen 
gegebenenfalls eine Anpassungsspanne 
(gemäß § 3 Absatz (2)(c)) festlegt und 
etwaige Benchmark Änderungen (gemäß 
§ 3 Absatz (2)(d)) vornimmt. 
(a)  
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to 
the [insert applicable number of years] 
Year Euro Swap Rate when the Rate of 
Interest for any Interest Period remains to 
be determined by reference to such [insert 
applicable number of years] Year Euro 
Swap Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavors to appoint without 
delay an Independent Adviser, who as soon 
as reasonably practicable, shall determine 
a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative 
Rate 
(in 
each 
case 
in 
accordance with § 3(2)(b)) and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in 
accordance with § 3(2)(c)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance 
with § 3(2)(d)). 
Außer im Falle von grober Fahrlässigkeit 
oder Vorsatz, übernimmt der Unabhängige 
Berater keinerlei Haftung gegenüber der 
Emittentin, dem Fiscal Agent, -soweit 
vorhanden- der bzw. den weitere(n) 
Zahlstelle(n) oder den Gläubigern für seine 
Festlegungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3 
Absatz (2). 
In the absence of gross negligence or 
willful 
misconduct, 
the 
Independent 
Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agent(s) (if any) or the Holders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this 
§ 3(2). 
Wenn bis spätestens am 5. (fünften) 
Geschäftstag 
vor 
dem 
unmittelbar 
folgenden Zinsfestlegungstag 
If by no later than the 5th Business Day 
prior to the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date 
(i) 
es 
der 
Emittentin 
unter 
zumutbaren Bemühungen nicht 
möglich ist, einen Unabhängigen 
Berater zu ernennen; oder 
(i) 
it is not possible for the Issuer 
making reasonable efforts to 
appoint an Independent Adviser; 
or 
(ii) 
der ernannte Unabhängige Berater 
keinen Nachfolgezinssatz oder 
anderenfalls 
keinen 
Alternativzinssatz gemäß diesem 
§ 3 Absatz (2) festlegt, 
(ii) 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine 
a Successor Rate or, failing which, 
an Alternative Rate in accordance 
with this § 3(2),

--- Page 129 ---
- 124 - 
 
entspricht der [Anzahl der anwendbaren 
Jahre 
einfügen]-Jahres-Euro-Swapsatz 
dem Satz, wie er auf der Bildschirmseite an 
dem 
letzten 
Tag 
vor 
dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem dieser Satz 
noch angezeigt wurde, angezeigt worden 
ist. 
the [insert applicable number of years] 
Year Euro Swap Rate shall be equivalent 
to the rate as displayed on the Screen Page 
on the last day prior to the Interest 
Determination Date on which such rate has 
been displayed. 
(b) 
Im Fall, dass der Unabhängige Berater 
nach billigem Ermessen bestimmt, dass: 
(b) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in 
its discretion that: 
(i) 
es einen Nachfolgezinssatz gibt, 
dann ist dieser Nachfolgezinssatz 
(vorbehaltlich 
etwaiger 
Änderungen 
gemäß 
§ 3 
Absatz (2)(c)) 
an 
Stelle 
des 
[Anzahl der anwendbaren Jahre 
einfügen]-Jahres-Euro-
Swapsatzes maßgeblich, um den 
Zinssatz 
vom 
Wahlrückzahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) zu 
bestimmen; oder 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then 
such Successor Rate shall (subject 
to 
adjustment 
as 
provided 
in§ 3(2)(c)) subsequently be used 
in place of the [insert applicable 
number of years] Year Euro Swap 
Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest from the Call Redemption 
Date (including) until the Maturity 
Date (excluding); or 
(ii) 
es keinen Nachfolgezinssatz aber 
einen 
Alternativzinssatz 
gibt, 
dann ist dieser Alternativzinssatz 
(vorbehaltlich 
etwaiger 
Änderungen 
gemäß 
§ 3 
Absatz (2)(c)) 
an 
Stelle 
des 
[Anzahl der anwendbaren Jahre 
einfügen]-Jahres-Euro-
Swapsatzes maßgeblich, um den 
Zinssatz 
vom 
Wahlrückzahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) zu 
bestimmen. 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that 
there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such 
Alternative 
Rate 
shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided 
in § 3(2)(c)) subsequently be used 
in place of the [insert applicable 
number of years] Year Euro Swap 
Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest from the Call Redemption 
Date (including) until the Maturity 
Date (excluding). 
(c) 
Wenn der Unabhängige Berater nach 
billigem Ermessen bestimmt, dass 
(c)  
If the Independent Adviser determines in 
its discretion 
(i) 
eine Anpassungsspanne auf den 
Nachfolgezinssatz 
oder 
gegebenenfalls 
den 
Alternativzinssatz anzuwenden ist 
und 
(i) 
that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and 
(ii) 
den Umfang, eine Formel oder die 
Methode zur Bestimmung einer 
solchen 
Anpassungsspanne 
festlegt, 
(ii) 
the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology 
for 
determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, 
dann findet eine solche Anpassungsspanne 
auf 
den 
Nachfolgezinssatz 
oder 
gegebenenfalls 
Alternativzinssatz 
Anwendung. 
then such Adjustment Spread shall apply to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be).

--- Page 130 ---
- 125 - 
 
(d) 
Sobald 
ein 
entsprechender 
Nachfolgezinssatz, Alternativzinssatz oder 
eine entsprechende Anpassungsspanne 
gemäß diesem § 3 Absatz (2) festgelegt 
wird und der Unabhängige Berater nach 
billigem Ermessen 
(d) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with this § 3(2) and the 
Independent Adviser in its discretion 
(i) 
bestimmt, 
dass 
Änderungen 
hinsichtlich dieser Bedingungen 
notwendig 
sind, 
um 
die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Anwendung 
eines 
Nachfolgezinssatz, 
Alternativzinssatz und / oder einer 
Anpassungsspanne 
zu 
gewährleisten (diese Änderungen, 
die "Benchmark Änderungen") 
und 
(i) 
determines that amendments to 
these Conditions of Issue are 
necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative 
Rate 
and 
/ 
or 
Adjustment 
Spread 
(such 
amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and 
(ii) 
die 
Bedingungen 
dieser 
Benchmark 
Änderungen 
bestimmt, 
(ii) 
determines the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, 
dann gelten jene Benchmark Änderungen 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
vorbehaltlich 
einer 
gemäß 
§ 3 
Absatz (2)(e) vorgeschriebenen Mitteilung 
durch die Emittentin, ab dem in der 
Mitteilung angegebenen Zeitpunkt. 
then, subject to the Issuer giving notice 
thereof in accordance with § 3(2)(e), such 
Benchmark Amendments shall apply to the 
Notes with effect from the date specified in 
such notice. 
(e) 
Ein Nachfolgezinssatz, Alternativzinssatz, 
eine entsprechende Anpassungsspanne und 
die 
Bedingungen 
von 
Benchmark 
Änderungen gemäß diesem § 3 Absatz (2) 
sowie 
der 
Zeitpunkt, 
ab 
dem 
die 
Benchmark Änderungen gelten, werden 
unverzüglich jedoch keinesfalls weniger 
als 
fünf 
Geschäftstage 
vor 
dem 
nächstfolgenden Zinsfestlegungstag, durch 
die Emittentin an den Fiscal Agent, die 
Berechnungsstelle und -soweit vorhanden- 
die weitere(n) Zahlstelle(n) sowie gemäß 
§ 11 an die Gläubiger mitgeteilt. Eine 
solche Mitteilung ist unwiderruflich. 
(e) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments, 
determined under this § 3(2) and the 
effective 
date 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments will be notified promptly but 
in any case not less than five Business 
Days prior to the immediate following 
Interest Determination Date, by the Issuer 
to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Paying Agent(s) (if any) and, in 
accordance with § 11, the Holders. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable. 
Zum gleichen Zeitpunkt wie die Mitteilung 
an den Fiscal Agent, übergibt die 
Emittentin diesem einen durch zwei 
Unterschriftsberechtigte der Emittentin 
unterzeichneten Nachweis, der 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of 
the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer: 
(i) 
auf Basis der Regelungen in 
diesem 
§ 3 
Absatz (2) 
(A) 
bestätigt, dass ein Benchmark 
Ereignis eingetreten ist, (B) den 
Nachfolgezinssatz 
oder 
gegebenenfalls 
den 
Alternativzinssatz 
und 
soweit 
zutreffend die Anpassungsspanne 
mitteilt und (C) die Bedingungen 
(i) 
confirming in accordance with the 
provisions of this § 3(2) (A) that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred, 
(B) the relevant Successor Rate or 
where applicable the relevant 
Alternative Rate and, (C) where 
applicable, 
any 
relevant 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
(D) 
describing comprehensible the

--- Page 131 ---
- 126 - 
 
der 
Benchmark 
Änderungen 
nachvollziehbar beschreibt; sowie 
specific terms of any relevant 
Benchmark Amendments; and 
(ii) 
bestätigt, dass die Benchmark 
Änderungen notwendig sind, um 
die ordnungsgemäße Anwendung 
eines solchen Nachfolgezinssatz, 
Alternativzinssatz und/oder der 
Anpassungsspanne 
zu 
gewährleisten. 
(ii) 
certifying 
that 
the 
relevant 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
are 
necessary to ensure the proper 
operation 
of 
such 
relevant 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread. 
Der 
Nachfolgezinssatz 
oder 
Alternativzinssatz, 
eine 
Anpassungsspanne 
(sofern 
zutreffend) und die Bedingungen 
der Benchmark Änderungen sind 
in der Form des Nachweises (mit 
Ausnahme von offensichtlichen 
Fehlern oder Bösgläubigkeit bei 
der 
Festlegung 
des 
Nachfolgezinssatzes 
oder 
Alternativzinssatzes, 
einer 
entsprechenden 
Anpassungsspanne 
(sofern 
zutreffend) oder der Bedingungen 
der 
Benchmark 
Änderungen) 
bindend für die Emittentin, den 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
die 
Berechnungsstelle, 
- 
soweit 
vorhanden 
- 
die 
weitere(n) 
Zahlstelle(n) und die Gläubiger. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
description 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments specified in such certificate 
will (in the absence of manifest error or bad 
faith in the determination of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and 
such Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
description 
of 
such 
Benchmark 
Amendments) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agent(s) (if any) and the Holders. 
(f) 
Vorbehaltlich der Verpflichtungen der 
Emittentin gemäß § 3 Absatz (2)(a), (b), 
(c) und (d) bleiben der [Anzahl der 
anwendbaren Jahre einfügen]-Jahres-
Euro-Swapsatz 
und 
die 
Rückfallregelungen gemäß § 3 Absatz (1) 
bis 
zum 
Eintritt 
eines 
Benchmark 
Ereignisses anwendbar. Jede unmittelbar 
nachfolgende Zinsperiode unterliegt der 
weiteren 
Anwendbarkeit 
dieses 
§ 3 
Absatz (2), soweit ein Benchmark Ereignis 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
den 
[Anzahl 
der 
anwendbaren Jahre einfügen]-Jahres-
Euro-Swap-Satz eintritt. 
(f) 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the 
Issuer under § 3(2)(a), (b), (c) and (d), the 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in § 3(2) will continue to 
apply unless and until a Benchmark Event 
has occurred. Each directly following 
Interest Period shall be subject to the 
further applicability of this § 3(2) as far as 
a Benchmark Event has occurred in 
relation to the [insert applicable number 
of years] Year Euro Swap Rate. 
(g)  
Zur Verwendung in § 3 Absatz (2) gilt wie 
folgt: 
(g)  
As used in this § 3(2): 
"Anpassungsspanne" 
bezeichnet 
entweder die Differenz (positiv oder 
negativ) oder Formel oder die Methode zur 
Bestimmung einer solchen Spanne, die 
nach 
Bestimmung 
durch 
den 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
auf 
den 
Nachfolgezinssatz oder gegebenenfalls 
den Alternativzinssatz anzuwenden ist, um 
wirtschaftliche 
Nachteile 
oder 
gegebenenfalls Vorteile der Gläubiger, 
soweit unter den Umständen sinnvoll 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a 
spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or methodology 
for calculating a spread, in either case, 
which the Independent Adviser determines 
is required to be applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, 
to 
the 
extent 
reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case

--- Page 132 ---
- 127 - 
 
umsetzbar, 
zu 
reduzieren 
oder 
auszuschließen, die durch die Ersetzung 
des [Anzahl der anwendbaren Jahre 
einfügen]-Jahres-Euro-Swapsatzes durch 
die Nachfolgezinssatz oder gegebenenfalls 
den Alternativzinssatz entstehen und ist die 
Differenz oder Formel oder Methode, die: 
may be) to Holders as a result of the 
replacement of the [insert applicable 
number of years] Year Euro Swap Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
im Fall eines Nachfolgezinssatzes 
formell im Zusammenhang mit 
der Ersetzung des [Anzahl der 
anwendbaren Jahre einfügen]-
Jahres-Euro-Swapsatzes 
durch 
den 
Nachfolgezinssatz 
vom 
Nominierungsgremium 
vorgeschlagen wird; oder (sofern 
keine 
Empfehlung 
abgegeben 
wurde 
oder 
im 
Fall 
eines 
Alternativzinssatzes); 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is 
formally recommended in relation 
to the replacement of the [insert 
applicable number of years] Year 
Euro 
Swap 
Rate 
with 
the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made, 
or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate) 
(ii) 
durch den Unabhängigen Berater 
als 
anerkannten 
und 
berücksichtigten 
Industriestandard für "over-the-
counter" derivative Geschäfte mit 
Bezug auf den [Anzahl der 
anwendbaren Jahre einfügen]-
Jahres-Euro-Swapsatz, bei denen 
dieser 
durch 
den 
Nachfolgezinssatz 
oder 
gegebenenfalls 
den 
Alternativzinssatz ersetzt wurde, 
bestimmt wird; (oder, falls der 
Unabhängigen Berater bestimmt, 
dass es keinen anerkannten und 
berücksichtigten 
Industriestandard gibt) 
(ii) 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
determines, is recognized or 
acknowledged 
as 
being 
the 
industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions 
which 
reference 
the 
[insert 
applicable number of years] Year 
Euro Swap Rate, where such rate 
has 
been 
replaced 
by 
the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be); (or if 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
determines that no such industry 
standard 
is 
recognized 
or 
acknowledged) 
(iii) 
von dem Unabhängigen Berater 
als angemessen erachtet wird. 
(iii) 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
determines to be appropriate. 
"Alternativzinssatz" bezeichnet einen 
alternativen [Anzahl der anwendbaren 
Jahre 
einfügen]-Jahres-Euro-Swapsatz 
oder 
Angebotssatz, 
welche, 
der 
Unabhängige 
Berater 
gemäß 
§ 3 
Absatz (2)(b) als zur Bestimmung von 
variablen Zinssätzen in der festgelegten 
Währung 
auf 
den 
internationalen 
Fremdkapitalmärkten 
marktüblich 
bestimmt. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative 
[insert applicable number of years] Year 
Euro Swap Rate or offered quotation which 
the Independent Adviser determines in 
accordance with § 3(2)(b) is customary in 
market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of 
determining floating rates of interest in the 
Specified Currency. 
"Benchmark 
Änderungen" 
hat 
die 
Bedeutung wie in § 3 Absatz (2)(d). 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the 
meaning given to it in § 3(2)(d). 
"Benchmark Ereignis" bezeichnet: 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung oder 
eine 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Informationen durch oder im 
Namen 
(i) 
der 
für 
den 
(i) 
a public statement or publication 
of information by or on behalf of 
(i) the regulatory supervisor of the 
[insert applicable number of

--- Page 133 ---
- 128 - 
 
Administrator des [Anzahl der 
anwendbaren Jahre einfügen]-
Jahres-Euro-Swapsatzes 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
oder (ii) des Administrators des 
[Anzahl der anwendbaren Jahre 
einfügen]-Jahres-Euro-
Swapsatzes, die besagt, dass der 
Administrator die Bereitstellung 
des [Anzahl der anwendbaren 
Jahre 
einfügen]-Jahres-Euro-
Swapsatzes dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt hat 
oder einstellen wird, es sei denn, 
es 
gibt 
einen 
Nachfolgeadministrator, der den 
[Anzahl der anwendbaren Jahre 
einfügen]-Jahres-Euro-Swapsatz 
weiterhin bereitstellt; oder 
years] Year Euro Swap Rate 
administrator or (ii) the [insert 
applicable number of years] Year 
Euro Swap Rate administrator 
stating that said administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide the 
[Relevant Affected] Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
unless 
there 
is 
a 
successor 
administrator that will continue to 
provide the [Relevant Affected] 
Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators 
[Anzahl 
der 
anwendbaren Jahre einfügen]-
Jahres-Euro-Swapsatzes, wonach 
der [Anzahl der anwendbaren 
Jahre 
einfügen]-Jahres-Euro-
Swapsatz ihrer Ansicht nach nicht 
mehr 
repräsentativ 
für 
den 
zugrunde liegenden Markt, den er 
zu messen vorgibt, ist oder sein 
wird, 
und 
keine 
von 
der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators des [Anzahl der 
anwendbaren Jahre einfügen]-
Jahres-Euro-Swapsatzes 
geforderten 
Maßnahmen 
zur 
Behebung einer solchen Situation 
ergriffen worden sind oder zu 
erwarten sind; oder 
(ii) 
a 
public 
statement 
by 
the 
regulatory 
supervisor 
of 
the 
[Relevant Affected] Reference 
Rate administrator stating is made 
that, in its view, the [Relevant 
Affected] Reference Rate is no 
longer, or will no longer be, 
representative of the underlying 
market it purports to measure and 
no action to remediate such a 
situation is taken or expected to be 
taken as required by the supervisor 
of 
the 
[Relevant 
Affected] 
Reference Rate administrator; or 
(iii) 
die Verwendung des [Anzahl der 
anwendbaren Jahre einfügen]-
Jahres-Euro-Swapsatzes 
aus 
irgendeinem Grund nach einem 
Gesetz oder einer Verordnung, die 
in Bezug auf die Zahlstellen, die 
Berechnungsstelle, die Emittentin 
oder jeden Dritten anwendbar 
sind, rechtswidrig geworden ist; 
oder 
(iii) 
it has become, for any reason, 
unlawful under any law or 
regulation 
applicable 
to 
any 
Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer or any other 
party to use the [insert applicable 
number of years] Year Euro Swap 
Rate; or 
(iv) 
der [Anzahl der anwendbaren 
Jahre 
einfügen]-Jahres-Euro-
Swapsatz 
ohne 
vorherige 
offizielle Ankündigung durch die 
zuständige Behörde oder den 
Administrator des [Anzahl der 
anwendbaren Jahre einfügen]-
Jahres-Euro-Swapsatzes 
(iv) 
the [insert applicable number of 
years] Year Euro Swap Rate is 
permanently no longer published 
without any previous official 
announcement by the competent 
authority or the [insert applicable 
number of years] Year Euro Swap 
Rate administrator.

--- Page 134 ---
- 129 - 
 
dauerhaft 
nicht 
mehr 
veröffentlicht wird. 
"Nachfolgezinssatz" 
bezeichnet 
einen 
Nachfolger oder Ersatz des [Anzahl der 
anwendbaren Jahre einfügen]-Jahres-
Euro-Swapsatzes, der formell durch das 
Nominierungsgremium 
vorgeschlagen 
wurde. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or 
replacement of the [insert applicable 
number of years] Year Euro Swap Rate 
which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. 
"Nominierungsgremium" bezeichnet: 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means: 
(i) 
die Zentralbank für die Währung 
in der der Angebotssatz des 
[Anzahl der anwendbaren Jahre 
einfügen]-Jahres-Euro-
Swapsatzes dargestellt wird oder 
eine Zentralbank oder andere 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die 
Aufsicht des Administrators des 
[Anzahl der anwendbaren Jahre 
einfügen]-Jahres-Euro-
Swapsatzes zuständig ist; oder 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency 
to which the offered quotation of 
the [insert applicable number of 
years] Year Euro Swap Rate 
relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the 
administrator 
of 
the 
[insert 
applicable number of years] Year 
Euro Swap Rate; or 
(ii) 
jede Arbeitsgruppe oder Komitee 
gefördert durch, geführt oder 
mitgeführt von oder gebildet von 
(A) der Zentralbank für die 
Währung 
in 
welcher 
der 
Angebotssatz des [Anzahl der 
anwendbaren Jahre einfügen]-
Jahres-Euro-Swapsatzes 
dargestellt 
wird, 
(B) 
einer 
Zentralbank 
oder 
anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die 
Aufsicht 
des 
Administrators 
[Anzahl der anwendbaren Jahre 
einfügen]-Jahres-Euro-
Swapsatzes zuständig sind, (C) 
einer Gruppe der zuvor genannten 
Zentralbanken 
oder 
anderer 
Aufsichtsbehörden oder (D) dem 
Finanzstabilitätsrat 
(Financia/ 
Stability 
Board) 
oder 
Teilen 
davon. 
(ii) 
any working group or committee 
sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (A) the central bank for 
the currency to which the offered 
quotation of the [insert applicable 
number of years] Year Euro Swap 
Rate relates, (B) any central bank 
or other supervisory authority 
which 
is 
responsible 
for 
supervising the administrator of 
the [insert applicable number of 
years] Year Euro Swap Rate (as 
applicable), (C) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or 
other supervisory authorities or 
(D) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof. 
"Unabhängiger Berater" bezeichnet ein 
von der Emittentin gemäß § 3(2)(a) 
ernanntes unabhängiges Finanzinstitut mit 
internationalem 
Ansehen 
oder 
einen 
anderen unabhängigen Finanzberater mit 
Erfahrung 
in 
internationalen 
Kapitalmärkten. 
"Independent 
Adviser" 
means 
an 
independent 
financial 
institution 
of 
international repute or other independent 
financial adviser experienced in the 
international capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer under § 3(2)(a). 
(h) 
Im Falle, dass ein Nachfolgezinssatz oder 
Alternativzinssatz, 
eine 
etwaige 
erforderliche 
Anpassungspanne 
und 
jedwede 
sonstigen 
maßgeblichen 
Anpassungen eines Nachfolgezinssatzes 
oder 
Alternativzinssatzes 
nicht 
im 
Einklang 
mit 
den 
vorstehenden 
(h)  
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, 
any necessary Adjustment Spread and all 
other relevant adjustments of a Successor 
Rate 
or 
Alternative 
Rate 
are 
not 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
foregoing, the Issuer may, on giving at 
least 15 Business Days notice to the

--- Page 135 ---
- 130 - 
 
Bestimmungen festgelegt werden, kann die 
Emittentin durch Mitteilung an die 
Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen mit 
einer Frist von nicht weniger als 15 
Geschäftstagen gemäß § 11 oder, wenn 
dieser Tag vor dem fünften Jahrestag des 
Begebungstages liegen würde, am ersten 
Zinsfestlegungstag, der auf diesen fünften 
Jahrestag fällt oder nach diesem liegt und 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
vorherigen 
Genehmigung der zuständigen Behörde, 
soweit ein rechtliches Erfordernis besteht, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise, zum vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
einschließlich 
etwaiger 
bis 
zum 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. 
Werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht gemäß den 
vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen 
zurückgezahlt, 
so 
finden 
die 
Bestimmungen dieses § 3(2)(h) in Bezug 
auf 
den 
unmittelbar 
folgenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag erneut Anwendung.] 
Holders in accordance with § 11 or, if any 
such date would fall prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the Issue Date, on the first 
Interest Determination Day falling on or 
after such fifth anniversary, immediately 
following 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Day and subject to the prior 
approval of the competent authority, if 
legally required, redeem all but not some 
only of the Notes at the Early Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption. If 
the Notes are not redeemed in accordance 
with the foregoing, the provisions of this 
§ 3(2)(h) shall apply again in respect of 
such 
immediately 
following 
Interest 
Determination Day.] 
[(2)][(3)] Auflaufende Zinsen. Vorbehaltlich eines 
Rückkaufs 
und 
der 
Entwertung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet der Zinslauf der 
Schuldverschreibungen am Ende des Tages, der 
dem Tag der Fälligkeit vorangeht. Sofern es die 
Emittentin unterlässt, die zur Tilgung fälliger 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erforderlichen 
Beträge 
rechtzeitig und in voller Höhe beim Clearingsystem 
bereitzustellen, läuft die Zinsverpflichtung auf den 
offenen Kapitalbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
so lange weiter, bis dieser Kapitalbetrag gezahlt ist, 
jedoch keinesfalls über den 14. Tag nach dem Tag 
hinaus, an dem die erforderlichen Beträge dem 
Clearingsystem zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind 
und dies gemäß § 11 bekannt gemacht worden ist. 
[(2)][(3)] Accrual of Interest. Subject to a purchase 
and cancellation of the Notes, the Notes will cease 
to bear interest at the end of the day preceding the 
date of maturity. Should the Issuer for any reason 
whatsoever fail to provide to the Clearing System, 
when due, the necessary funds for the redemption 
of the Notes, then interest on the outstanding 
principal amount of such Notes will continue to 
accrue until the payment of such principal has been 
effected, however not beyond the fourteenth day 
after the date on which the necessary funds have 
been provided to the Clearing System and notice 
thereof has been given by publication in accordance 
with § 11. 
[(3)][(4)] Berechnung der Zinsen für Teile von 
Zeiträumen. Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum von 
weniger als einem Jahr zu berechnen sind, erfolgt 
die 
Berechnung 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
des 
Zinstagequotienten (wie nachfolgend definiert). 
[(3)][(4)] Calculation of Interest for Partial 
Periods. If interest is required to be calculated for a 
period of less than a full year, such interest shall be 
calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction 
(as defined below). 
[(4)][(5)] Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung von 
Zinsbeträgen für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
[(4)][(5)] Day Count Fraction. "Day Count 
Fraction" means with regard to the calculation of 
the amount of interest for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"): 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur auf nachrangige 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, 
deren 
Zinstagequotient Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 
251) ist: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
subordinated Notes where Day Count Fraction 
Actual/Actual ICMA rule 251 is applicable: 
[Wenn (a) der Zinsberechnungszeitraum kürzer 
oder gleich der Feststellungsperiode ist, in die das 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
diesem 
[If (a) the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter 
than the Determination Period during which the 
Calculation Period ends, the number of days in such 
Calculation Period divided by the product of (i) the

--- Page 136 ---
- 131 - 
 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch das Produkt 
aus 
(i) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
dieser 
Feststellungsperiode und (ii) der Anzahl der 
Feststellungstage in einem Kalenderjahr; oder 
wenn (b) der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger ist 
als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das Ende des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, die Summe aus: 
number of days in such Determination Period and 
(ii) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; or if (b) the Calculation 
Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Calculation Period ends, the sum 
of: 
(i) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, die in die 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, in welcher der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt 
durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der 
Tage in dieser Feststellungsperiode und (2) 
der Anzahl der Feststellungstage in einem 
Kalenderjahr; und 
(i) 
the number of days in such Calculation 
Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Calculation Period begins 
divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, die in die 
nächstfolgende 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
dieser 
Feststellungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstage 
in 
einem 
Kalenderjahr. 
(ii) 
the number of days in such Calculation 
Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination 
Period 
and 
(2) 
the 
number 
of 
Determination Dates that would occur in 
one calendar year. 
"Feststellungsperiode" bedeutet der Zeitraum von 
einem Feststellungstag (einschließlich) bis zu dem 
nächstfolgenden Feststellungstag (ausschließlich); 
dies schließt dann, wenn der Verzinsungsbeginn 
kein Feststellungstag ist, den Zeitraum ein, der an 
dem 
ersten 
Feststellungstag 
vor 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn anfängt, und dann, wenn der 
letzte Zinszahlungstag kein Feststellungstag ist, den 
Zeitraum ein, der an dem ersten Feststellungstag 
nach dem letzten Zinszahlungstag endet. 
"Determination Period" means the period from a 
Determination Date (including) to the next 
Determination Date (excluding), where the Interest 
Commencement Date is not a Determination Date, 
the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to the Interest Commencement Date, and 
where the final Interest Payment Date is not a 
Determination Date, the first Determination Date 
falling after the final Interest Payment Date. 
"Feststellungstag" bedeutet [Tag, Monat] eines 
jeden Jahres.] 
"Determination Date" means [day, month] in each 
year.] 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur auf nachrangige 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, 
deren 
Zinstagequotient Actual/365 (Fixed) ist: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
subordinated Notes where Day Count Fraction 
Actual/365 (Fixed) is applicable: 
[Die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 365.] 
[The actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.] 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur auf nachrangige 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, 
deren 
Zinstagequotient Actual/360 ist: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
subordinated Notes where Day Count Fraction 
Actual/360 is applicable: 
[Die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360.] 
[The actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360.] 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur auf nachrangige 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, 
deren 
Zinstagequotient 30/360 ist: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
subordinated Notes where Day Count Fraction 
30/360 is applicable: 
[Die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360, 
wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines 
[The number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day

--- Page 137 ---
- 132 - 
 
Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 
Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (a) der letzte Tag 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag 
eines Monates, während der erste Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf den 30. noch 
auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, in welchem Fall 
der diesen Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 
30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (b) 
der letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt 
auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar, in 
welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
months (unless (a) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of 
the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th 
or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that 
includes that last day shall not be considered to be 
shortened to a 30-day month, or (b) the last day of 
the Calculation Period is the last day of the month 
of February in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month).] 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1) Zahlungen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Zahlungen 
von 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen nach Maßgabe des 
nachstehenden Absatzes 2 an das Clearingsystem 
oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten 
der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
(1) Payment of Principal and Interest. Payment of 
principal and interest in respect of the Notes shall 
be made, subject to paragraph (2) below, to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System. 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur auf nachrangige 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, 
die 
anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
subordinated Notes which are initially represented 
by a Temporary Global Note: 
[Die 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
erfolgt 
nach 
Maßgabe von Absatz 2 an das Clearingsystem oder 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, und 
zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß 
§ 1 Absatz 3(b).] 
[Payment of interest on Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject to 
paragraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its order 
for credit to the accounts of the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System, upon due 
certification as provided in § 1(3)(b).] 
(2) 
Zahlungsweise. 
Vorbehaltlich 
geltender 
steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen 
und Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen in [Festgelegte 
Währung]. 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal 
and other laws and regulations, payments of 
amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made 
in [Specified Currency]. 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung 
der Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder dessen 
Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) Vereinigte Staaten. Für die Zwecke dieser 
Bedingungen bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" die 
Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich 
deren Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) 
sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto 
Ricos, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana 
Islands). 
(4) United States. For the purposes of these 
Conditions "United States" means the United 
States of America (including the States thereof and 
the District of Columbia) and its possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
(5) Zahltag. Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer 
Zahlung in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf 
einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der 
Gläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nächsten Zahltag. Der Gläubiger ist nicht 
(5) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment 
of any amount in respect of any Note is not a 
Payment Business Day then the Holder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next Payment Business

--- Page 138 ---
- 133 - 
 
berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen 
aufgrund dieses Zahlungsaufschubes zu verlangen. 
Day and shall not be entitled to further interest or 
other payment in respect of such delay. 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem (i) 
[das Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System (TARGET2) 
und] [die Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
[relevantes Finanzzentrum] und] (ii) das Clearing 
System Zahlungen abwickeln. 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" 
means any day which is a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which (i) [the Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express 
Transfer system (TARGET2) and] [commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets in [relevant 
Financial Centre] and] (ii) the Clearing System 
settle payments. 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht 
Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu 
hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb 
von zwölf Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger 
sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine 
solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf das Recht der 
Rücknahme 
verzichtet 
wird, 
erlöschen 
die 
diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen 
die Emittentin. 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer 
may deposit with the local court (Amtsgericht) in 
Frankfurt am Main principal or interest not claimed 
by Holders within twelve months after the Maturity 
Date, even though such Holders may not be in 
default of acceptance of payment. If and to the 
extent that the deposit is effected and the right of 
withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such 
Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
(7) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital. Bezugnahmen in 
diesen 
Bedingungen 
auf 
Kapital 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
[und][, den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) der 
Schuldverschreibungen][sowie 
den 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen] 
mit ein. 
(7) References to Principal. References in these 
Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall 
be deemed to include the Final Redemption 
Amount of the Notes [and][, the Call Redemption 
Amount of the Notes] [and the Early Redemption 
Amount of the Notes]. 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
(1) 
(a) 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. 
Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz 
oder teilweise zurückgezahlt oder 
angekauft und entwertet, werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am 
[Fälligkeitstag] 
(der 
"Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. 
(1)  
(a) 
Final 
Redemption. 
Unless 
previously redeemed in whole or 
in part or purchased and cancelled, 
the Notes shall be redeemed at 
their Final Redemption Amount 
on 
[Maturity 
Date] 
(the 
"Maturity Date"). 
(b) 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
bei 
Endfälligkeit. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden zu 
ihrem Nennbetrag zurückgezahlt 
(Rückzahlung 
zu 
par) 
(der 
"Rückzahlungsbetrag"). 
(b) 
Final Redemption Amount. The 
Notes are redeemed at their 
principal amount (redemption at 
par) (the "Final Redemption 
Amount"). 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus regulatorischen 
Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen können 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der 
Emittentin mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht 
weniger als 14 Tagen durch Erklärung gegenüber 
dem Fiscal Agent und gemäß § 11 gegenüber den 
Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu ihrem 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich 
etwaiger bis zum für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten 
(2) Early Redemption for regulatory reasons. The 
Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at 
the option of the Issuer, upon not less than 14 days 
prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal Agent 
and, in accordance with § 11 to the Holders, at their 
Early Redemption Amount (as defined below), 
together with interest, if any, accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption, if the Issuer pursuant to its 
own assessment (i) is not allowed to entirely

--- Page 139 ---
- 134 - 
 
Tag aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, 
falls 
die 
Emittentin 
nach 
ihrer 
eigenen 
Einschätzung (i) die Schuldverschreibungen aus 
anderen Gründen als einer Amortisierung gemäß 
Art. 64 CRR nicht vollständig für Zwecke der 
Eigenmittelausstattung als Ergänzungskapital (Tier 
2) nach Maßgabe der Anwendbaren Vorschriften 
(wie in diesem Absatz 2 definiert) anrechnen darf 
oder (ii) in sonstiger Weise im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen einer weniger günstigen 
regulatorischen Eigenmittelbehandlung unterliegt 
als am [Emissionstag]. 
attribute the Notes – for reasons other than 
amortization pursuant to Article 64 of the CRR – to 
its own funds as supplementary capital (Tier 2), as 
stipulated in the Applicable Regulations (as defined 
in this paragraph 2) or (ii) is subject to a less 
favorable regulatory own funds treatment with 
respect to the Notes as on [Issue Date] for any other 
reason. 
Für die Zwecke dieses Absatzes 2 entspricht der 
vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag (der "Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsbetrag") einer Schuldverschreibung 
dem Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibung. 
For the purposes of this paragraph (2) the early 
redemption amount of a Note (the "Early 
Redemption Amount") shall be its Final 
Redemption Amount. 
Eine vorzeitige Rückzahlung ist nur insoweit 
zulässig, wie 
An early redemption shall be effective only to the 
extent, that 
(i) 
die Voraussetzungen der Anwendbaren 
Vorschriften erfüllt sind und 
(i) 
the 
conditions 
of 
the 
Applicable 
Regulations are met, and 
(ii) 
die jeweils zuständige Behörde der 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zugestimmt hat. 
(ii) 
the respective competent authority has 
approved the Early Redemption. 
Eine solche Kündigung ist unwiderruflich und muss 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, den für die vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin und den Grund 
für die Kündigung nennen. 
Such notice is irrevocable and must specify the 
Series of Notes subject to redemption, the date 
fixed for redemption and the reasons for the 
redemption. 
"Anwendbare 
Vorschriften" 
bezeichnet 
die 
jeweils gültigen, sich auf die Kapitalanforderungen 
der Emittentin sowie der Emittentin und ihrer 
konsolidierten Tochtergesellschaften beziehenden 
Vorschriften 
des 
Bankenaufsichtsrechts 
(insbesondere das Kreditwesengesetz und die 
Verordnung (EU) 575/2013 des Europäischen 
Parlaments 
und 
des 
Rates 
über 
Aufsichtsanforderungen an Kreditinstitute und 
Wertpapierfirmen vom 26. Juni 2013 in der jeweils 
gültigen Fassung (die "CRR")) und der darunter 
fallenden 
Verordnungen 
und 
sonstigen 
Vorschriften (einschließlich der jeweils geltenden 
Leitlinien und Empfehlungen der Europäischen 
Bankenaufsichtsbehörde, der Verwaltungspraxis 
der jeweils zuständigen Behörde, den einschlägigen 
Entscheidungen der Gerichte und den anwendbaren 
Übergangsbestimmungen). 
"Applicable Regulations" means the provisions of 
bank supervisory laws relating to capital adequacy 
applicable to the Issuer and the Issuer together with 
its consolidated subsidiaries applicable from time to 
time (particularly, the German Banking Act 
(Kreditwesengesetz) and Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms of 26 June 2013, 
as amended (the "CRR")) and any regulations and 
other rules thereunder applicable from time to time 
(including, all guidelines and recommendations of 
the European Banking Authority, the administrative 
practice of the respective competent authority, any 
applicable decision of a court and any applicable 
transitional provisions).

--- Page 140 ---
- 135 - 
 
Der folgende Absatz (3) ist nur auf nachrangige 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, bei denen die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen: 
The following paragraph 3 shall only apply to 
Notes which are subject to Early Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer: 
[(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin. 
[(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz (b) 
gekündigt 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder 
teilweise 
am/an 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) (Call) zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call), 
wie 
nachfolgend angegeben, nebst etwaigen 
bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with clause (b), redeem all or 
some of the Notes on the Call Redemption 
Date(s) at the Call Redemption Amount(s) 
set forth below together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Call 
Redemption Date. 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call): [Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call)]. 
Call Redemption Date(s): [Insert Call 
Redemption Date(s)]. 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call): 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibung 
(Rückzahlung zu par). 
Call Redemption Amount(s): The principal 
amount of the Note (redemption at par). 
(b) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin gemäß § 11 bekannt zu geben. 
Sie muss die folgenden Angaben enthalten: 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 11. Such notice shall 
specify: 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(i) 
the Series of Notes subject to 
redemption; 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie 
ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt 
wird und im letzteren Fall den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; und 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be 
redeemed in whole or in part only 
and, if in part only, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes 
which are to be redeemed; and 
(iii) 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call), wobei die Kündigung dem 
Gläubiger bis spätestens an dem 
[fünften][anderer 
maßgebliche 
Geschäftstag] Geschäftstag (wie 
unten 
definiert) 
vor 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
zugegangen sein muss (wie in 
§ 11 beschrieben). 
(iii) 
the Call Redemption Date; and in 
this connection, the notice of 
redemption shall be received at the 
latest by the Holder (as described 
in § 11) on the [fifth][other 
relevant Business Day] Business 
Day (as defined below) prior to 
the relevant Call Redemption 
Date. 
Für die Zwecke dieses § 5 Absatz (3) 
bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem (i) [das Trans-European Automated 
Real-time 
Gross 
Settlement 
Express 
Transfer System (TARGET2) und] [die 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
In this § 5 (3) "Business Day" means any 
day which is a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which (i) [the Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
system 
(TARGET2) and] [commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets in [relevant

--- Page 141 ---
- 136 - 
 
[relevantes Finanzzentrum] und] (ii) das 
Clearing System Zahlungen abwickeln. 
Financial Centre] and] (ii) the Clearing 
System settle payments. 
(c) 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden 
die 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
betreffenden Clearingsystems ausgewählt. 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of 
Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules of the 
relevant Clearing System.] 
(d) 
Eine Kündigung nach diesem Absatz (3) 
ist unwiderruflich. Darüber hinaus ist eine 
vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach diesem 
Absatz (3) nur insoweit zulässig, wie: 
(d) 
A redemption in accordance with this 
paragraph (3) is irrevocable. Further, an 
early redemption in accordance with this 
paragraph (3) shall only be effective to the 
extent that: 
(i) 
die 
Voraussetzungen 
der 
Anwendbaren Vorschriften (wie 
in Absatz 2 definiert) erfüllt sind 
und 
(i) 
the conditions of the Applicable 
Regulations 
(as 
defined 
in 
paragraph 2) are met, and, and 
(ii) 
die jeweils zuständige Behörde 
der Kündigung zugestimmt hat.] 
(ii) 
the respective competent authority 
has 
approved 
the 
early 
redemption.] 
([3][4]) Kein Kündigungsrecht der Gläubiger. Die 
Gläubiger 
sind 
zur 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht berechtigt. 
([3][4]) No termination right of Holders. The 
Holders are not entitled to terminate the Notes.] 
Der 
folgende 
Absatz ([4][5]) 
ist 
nur 
auf 
nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, 
die in Form einer NGN begeben werden und bei 
denen die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen: 
The following paragraph ([4][5]) shall only apply 
to subordinated Notes which are represented by an 
NGN which are subject to an Early Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer: 
[([4][5]) Register der ICSD. Eine teilweise 
Rückzahlung wird in den Registern der ICSD nach 
deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als 
Reduzierung des Nennbetrags wiedergegeben.] 
[([4][5]) Records of ICSDs. A partial redemption 
shall be reflected in the records of ICSDs at their 
discretion as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
principal amount. 
Die folgende Überschrift ist nur auf nachrangige 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, die keine 
Reset-Schuldverschreibungen sind: 
The following headline shall only apply to 
subordinated Notes, which are no Callable Fixed 
Rate Reset Notes: 
§ 6 
ZAHLSTELLEN 
§ 6 
PAYING AGENTS 
Die folgende Überschrift ist nur auf nachrangige 
kündbare 
festverzinsliche 
Reset-
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar: 
The following headline shall only apply to 
subordinated Callable Fixed Rate Reset Notes: 
§ 6 
ZAHLSTELLEN UND 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE 
§ 6 
PAYING AGENTS AND CALCULATION 
AGENT 
[(1) Fiscal Agent.] Der anfänglich bestellte Fiscal 
Agent und dessen bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
lautet Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Trust & 
Agency 
Services, 
Taunusanlage 
12, 
60325 
Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland. 
[(1) Fiscal Agent.] The initial Fiscal Agent and its 
initial specified office shall be Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Trust & Agency Services, 
Taunusanlage 12, 60325 Frankfurt am Main, 
Federal Republic of Germany.

--- Page 142 ---
- 137 - 
 
Der anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent handelt als 
Zahlstelle in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
The initial Fiscal Agent acts as paying agent in the 
Federal Republic of Germany. 
Der Fiscal Agent behält sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit seine bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch 
eine 
andere 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
in 
Deutschland zu ersetzen. 
The Fiscal Agent reserves the right at any time to 
change its specified office to some other specified 
office in the Federal Republic of Germany. 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
die Bestellung des Fiscal Agent zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und einen anderen Fiscal Agent zu 
bestellen. Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung 
oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam 
(außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche 
Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die 
Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § 11 vorab unter 
Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 30 und nicht 
mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent and 
to appoint another Fiscal Agent. Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only take 
effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it 
shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 
nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall 
have been given to the Holders in accordance with 
§ 11. 
Der Fiscal Agent handelt ausschließlich als 
Erfüllungsgehilfe der Emittentin und übernimmt 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihm 
und 
den 
Gläubigern begründet. 
The Fiscal Agent acts solely as the agent of the 
Issuer and does not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust for any Holder. 
Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt einen 
Fiscal Agent handelnd als Zahlstelle in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland unterhalten. 
The Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent 
acting as paying agent in the Federal Republic of 
Germany. 
Solange die Schuldverschreibungen zum Handel an 
einem regulierten Markt zugelassen sind, wird die 
Emittentin zu jedem Zeitpunkt eine Zahlstelle mit 
bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle an solchen Orten 
unterhalten, die die Regeln dieser Börse verlangen. 
So long as the Notes are traded on a regulated 
market, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent 
with a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules of such stock exchange. 
Der folgende Absatz (2) ist nur auf nachrangige 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, bei denen 
eine weitere Zahlstelle bestellt ist: 
The following paragraph (2) shall only apply to 
subordinated Notes where an Additional Paying 
Agent is appointed: 
[(2) Weitere Zahlstelle. Die anfänglich bestellte 
Zahlstelle und deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
lautet 
[Zahlstelle 
und 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle]. 
[(2) Additional Paying Agent. The initial Paying 
Agent and its initial specified office shall be 
[Paying Agent and specified office]. 
Jede Zahlstelle behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
ihre bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch eine andere 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in Deutschland zu 
ersetzen. 
Each Paying Agent reserves the right at any time to 
change its specified office to some other specified 
office in the Federal Republic of Germany. 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
die Bestellung der Zahlstelle zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und eine andere Zahlstelle zu bestellen. 
Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein 
sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im 
Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort 
wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger hierüber 
gemäß § 11 vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen 
informiert wurden. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Paying Agent and 
to appoint another Paying Agent. Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only take 
effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it 
shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 
nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall 
have been given to the Holders in accordance with 
§ 11.

--- Page 143 ---
- 138 - 
 
Jede 
Zahlstelle 
handelt 
ausschließlich 
als 
Erfüllungsgehilfe der Emittentin und übernimmt 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihr 
und 
den 
Gläubigern begründet.] 
Each Paying Agent acts solely as the agent of the 
Issuer and does not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust for any Holder.] 
Der 
folgende 
Absatz ([2][3]) 
ist 
nur 
auf 
nachrangige kündbare festverzinsliche Reset-
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar: 
The following paragraph ([2][3]) shall only apply 
to subordinated Callable Fixed Rate Reset Notes: 
([2][3]) Berechnungsstelle. Die anfänglich bestellte 
Berechnungsstelle 
und 
deren 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
lautet 
[Deutsche 
Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Trust & Agency Services, 
Taunusanlage 12, 60325 Frankfurt am Main, 
Deutschland] [Andere Berechnungsstelle und 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle]. 
[([2][3]) Calculation Agent. The initial Calculation 
Agent and its initial specified office shall be 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Trust & 
Agency 
Services, 
Taunusanlage 
12, 
60325 
Frankfurt am Main, Germany] [other Calculation 
Agent and specified office]. 
Jede Berechnungsstelle behält sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit ihre bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch 
eine 
andere 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
in 
Deutschland zu ersetzen. 
Each Calculation Agent reserves the right at any 
time to change its specified office to some other 
specified office in the Federal Republic of 
Germany. 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
die Bestellung der Berechnungsstelle zu ändern 
oder zu beenden und eine andere Berechnungsstelle 
zu 
bestellen. 
Eine 
Änderung, 
Abberufung, 
Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur 
wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine 
solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die 
Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § 11 vorab unter 
Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 30 und nicht 
mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Calculation Agent 
and to appoint another Calculation Agent. Any 
variation, termination, appointment or change shall 
only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) 
after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior 
notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders 
in accordance with § 11. 
Jede Berechnungsstelle handelt ausschließlich als 
Erfüllungsgehilfe der Emittentin und übernimmt 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihr 
und 
den 
Gläubigern begründet.] 
Each Calculation Agent acts solely as the agent of 
the Issuer and does not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for any 
Holder.] 
Der folgende Absatz ([2][3][4]) ist nur auf 
nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, 
deren Währung US-Dollar ist: 
The following paragraph ([2][3][4]) shall only 
apply in the case of payments in U.S. dollars: 
[([2][3][4]) Einführung von Beschränkungen. Falls 
Zahlungen bei den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen 
aller Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten 
aufgrund 
der 
Einführung 
von 
Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen 
Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden 
Beträge 
in 
US-Dollar 
widerrechtlich 
oder 
tatsächlich ausgeschlossen werden, die Emittentin 
zum Zeitpunkt der Bestellung der Zahlstelle aber 
davon ausgehen durfte, dass die Zahlstelle 
Zahlungen in US-Dollar machen kann, wird die 
Emittentin 
eine 
Zahlstelle 
mit 
bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle in New York City unterhalten.] 
[([2][3][4]) Imposition of Restrictions. If payments 
at or through the offices of all Paying Agents 
outside the United States become illegal or are 
effectively precluded because of the imposition of 
exchange controls or similar restrictions on the full 
payment or receipt of such amounts in United States 
dollars but the Issuer had a reasonable expectation 
that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars when they were appointed, 
a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York 
City.]

--- Page 144 ---
- 139 - 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
zahlenden Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug 
von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich 
welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für deren 
Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer dort 
zur 
Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft 
oder 
Behörde 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
auferlegt 
oder 
erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt 
oder Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be 
made without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by way of 
withholding or deduction by or in or for the account 
of the Federal Republic of Germany or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. 
Unbeschadet 
sonstiger 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Bedingungen, ist die Emittentin zum Einbehalt oder 
Abzug der Beträge berechtigt, die gemäß §§ 1471 
bis 1474 des U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
(einschließlich 
dessen 
Änderungen 
oder 
Nachfolgevorschriften), gemäß zwischenstaatlicher 
Abkommen, 
gemäß 
den 
in 
einer 
anderen 
Rechtsordnung in Zusammenhang mit diesen 
Bestimmungen 
erlassenen 
Durchführungsvorschriften oder gemäß mit dem 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service geschlossenen 
Verträgen ("FATCA Quellensteuer") erforderlich 
sind als Folge davon, dass eine andere Person als 
die Emittentin oder deren Zahlstelle nicht zum 
Empfang 
von 
Zahlungen 
ohne 
FATCA 
Quellensteuer berechtigt ist. Die Emittentin ist 
nicht verpflichtet, zusätzliche Beträge zu zahlen 
oder einen Investor in Bezug auf FATCA 
Quellensteuer schadlos zu halten, die von der 
Emittentin, einer Zahlstelle oder von einem anderen 
Beteiligten abgezogen oder einbehalten wurden. 
FATCA steht für den U.S. Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act. 
Notwithstanding any other provisions in these 
Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to 
withhold or deduct any amounts required by the 
rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 
through 1474 (or any amended or successor 
provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental 
agreement, or implementing legislation adopted by 
another jurisdiction in connection with these 
provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the 
U.S. 
Internal 
Revenue 
Service 
("FATCA 
withholding") as a result of a holder, beneficial 
owner or an intermediary that is not an agent of the 
Issuer not being entitled to receive payments free of 
FATCA withholding. The Issuer will have no 
obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise 
indemnify an investor for any such FATCA 
withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the 
paying agent or any other party. FATCA means the 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist 
wird 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
The presentation period provided in § 801 
paragraph 1, sentence 1 BGB (German Civil Code) 
is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 9 
ERSETZUNG 
§ 9 
SUBSTITUTION 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit 
berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer Zahlung 
von 
Kapital 
oder 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, ohne 
Zustimmung der Gläubiger ein mit ihr verbundenes 
Unternehmen 
(wie 
unten 
definiert) 
als 
Hauptschuldnerin für alle Verpflichtungen im 
Zusammenhang mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen 
(die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") einzusetzen, sofern: 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer shall be entitled at any 
time, without the consent of the Holders, if no 
payment of principal of or interest on any of the 
Notes is in default, to substitute for the Issuer any 
Affiliate (as defined below) as principal debtor in 
respect to all obligations arising from or in 
connection with the Notes (the "Substituted 
Debtor"), provided that:

--- Page 145 ---
- 140 - 
 
(a) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin in der Lage ist, 
sämtliche 
sich 
aus 
oder 
in 
dem 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ergebenen 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
ohne 
die 
Notwendigkeit 
eines 
Einbehalts 
von 
irgendwelchen Steuern oder Abgaben an 
der Quelle zu erfüllen sowie die hierzu 
erforderlichen 
Beträge 
ohne 
Beschränkungen an den Fiscal Agent 
übertragen zu können; 
(a) 
the Substituted Debtor is in a position to 
fulfil all payment obligations arising from 
or in connection with the Notes without the 
necessity of any taxes or duties being 
withheld at source and to transfer all 
amounts which are required therefor to the 
Fiscal Agent without any restrictions; 
(b) 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus oder 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
(b) 
the 
Substituted 
Debtor 
assumes 
all 
obligations of the Issuer arising from or in 
connection with the Notes; 
(c) 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
sich 
verpflichtet, jedem Gläubiger alle Steuern, 
Gebühren oder Abgaben zu erstatten, die 
ihm in Folge der Ersetzung durch die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin auferlegt werden; 
(c) 
the Substituted Debtor undertakes to 
reimburse any Holder for such taxes, fees 
or duties which may be imposed upon it as 
a consequence of assumption of the 
obligations of the Issuer by the Substituted 
Debtor; 
(d) 
hinsichtlich 
der 
von 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
bezüglich 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
übernommenen 
Verpflichtungen der Nachrang zu mit den 
Bedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen 
übereinstimmenden 
Bedingungen 
begründet 
wird 
und 
(i) 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
ein 
Tochterunternehmen der Emittentin ist, (ii) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin eine Einlage in 
Höhe 
eines 
Betrages, 
der 
dem 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht, bei der 
Emittentin 
vornimmt 
und 
zwar 
zu 
Bedingungen, 
die 
den 
Bedingungen 
(einschließlich 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Nachrangigkeit) entsprechen, und (iii) die 
Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt 
gegenüber den Gläubigern die Zahlung 
aller von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge 
garantiert; 
(d) 
the obligations assumed by the Substitute 
Debtor in respect of the Notes are 
subordinated on terms identical to the 
terms of the Notes and (i) the Substitute 
Debtor 
is 
a 
subsidiary 
(Tochterunternehmen) of the Issuer, (ii) 
the Substitute Debtor deposits an amount 
which is equal to the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes with the Issuer on 
terms equivalent, including in respect of 
subordination, to the terms and conditions 
of the Notes, and (iii) the Issuer irrevocably 
and unconditionally guarantees in favor of 
each Holder the payment of all sums 
payable by the Substitute Debtor in respect 
of the Notes; 
(e) 
eine 
solche 
Ersetzung 
gemäß 
den 
Anwendbaren Vorschriften (wie in § [5] 
definiert) erfolgt und die zuständige 
Behörde keine Einwände gegen eine 
solche Ersetzung vorgebracht hat; und 
(e) 
such substitution is effected in a manner as 
prescribed by the Applicable Regulations 
(as defined in § [5]) and the competent 
authority has raised no objection to such 
substitution; and 
(f) 
dem Fiscal Agent jeweils eine Bestätigung 
bezüglich 
der 
betroffenen 
Rechtsordnungen 
von 
anerkannten 
Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt wird, dass die 
Bestimmungen 
in 
den 
vorstehenden 
Unterabsätzen (a), (b), (c), (d) und (e) 
erfüllt wurden. 
(f) 
there shall have been delivered to the 
Fiscal Agent one opinion for each 
jurisdiction 
affected 
of 
lawyers 
of 
recognized standing to the effect that 
paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) above 
have been satisfied.

--- Page 146 ---
- 141 - 
 
Für die Zwecke dieses § 9 bedeutet "verbundenes 
Unternehmen" ein verbundenes Unternehmen im 
Sinne von § 15 Aktiengesetz. 
For the purposes of this § 9, "Affiliate" shall mean 
any 
affiliated 
company 
(verbundenes 
Unternehmen) within the meaning of § 15 German 
Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß 
§ 11 bekannt zu machen. 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be 
published in accordance with § 11. 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer 
Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen 
Bedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem Zeitpunkt 
der 
Ersetzung 
als 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede Bezugnahme auf 
das Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
das 
Land, 
in 
dem 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz 
hat. Des Weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung 
folgendes: 
(3) Change of References. In the event of any such 
substitution, any reference in these Conditions to 
the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to 
the Substituted Debtor and any reference to the 
country in which the Issuer is domiciled or resident 
for taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed 
to refer to the country of domicile or residence for 
taxation purposes of the Substituted Debtor. 
Furthermore in case of a substitution the following 
shall apply: 
In § 7 gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland als aufgenommen 
(zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe des 
vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz 
hat). 
In § 7 an alternative reference to the Federal 
Republic of Germany shall be deemed to have been 
included in addition to the reference according to 
the preceding sentence to the country of domicile or 
residence for taxation purposes of the Substituted 
Debtor. 
(4) Rechtsnachfolge Im Fall einer Ersetzung folgt 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin der Emittentin als 
Rechtsnachfolgerin nach, ersetzt diese und darf alle 
Rechte und Befugnisse der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen mit der gleichen Wirkung 
geltend 
machen, 
als 
wenn 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin in diesen Bedingungen als 
Emittentin genannt worden wäre, und die 
Emittentin (bzw. die Gesellschaft, die zuvor die 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin übernommen hat) 
wird von ihren Verpflichtungen als Schuldnerin aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen befreit. 
(4) Legal Succession In the event of any such 
substitution, the Substituted Debtor shall succeed 
to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every 
right and power of, the Issuer under the Notes with 
the same effect as if the Substituted Debtor had 
been named as the Issuer herein, and the Issuer (or 
any corporation which shall have previously 
assumed the obligations of the Issuer) shall be 
released from its liability as obligor under the 
Notes. 
§ 10 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
UND RÜCKKAUF 
§ 10 
FURTHER ISSUES 
AND PURCHASES 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die 
Emittentin ist, soweit nach den Anwendbaren 
Vorschriften (wie in § [5] definiert) zulässig, 
berechtigt, 
jederzeit 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit 
gleicher 
Ausstattung 
(gegebenenfalls 
mit 
Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, des Betrags, der 
ersten darauf zu leistenden Zinszahlung und/oder 
des Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass 
sie 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden. 
(1) Further Issues. Subject to the Applicable 
Regulations (as defined in § [5]), the Issuer may 
from time to time, without the consent of the 
Holders, issue further Notes having the same terms 
and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the issue date, the amount, the 
first payment of interest on them and/or issue price) 
so as to form a single Series with the Notes. 
(2) Rückkauf. Die Emittentin ist, vorbehaltlich der 
nachfolgenden Bestimmungen des Absatz (3), 
berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im 
Markt oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time, subject 
to paragraph (3), purchase in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. Notes purchased by the 
Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, be held,

--- Page 147 ---
- 142 - 
 
zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der 
Emittentin von ihr gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei 
der Zahlstelle zwecks Entwertung eingereicht 
werden. Sofern diese Käufe durch öffentliches 
Angebot erfolgen, muss dieses Angebot allen 
Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for 
cancellation. If purchases are made by tender, 
tenders for such Notes must be made available to all 
Holders of such Notes alike. 
(3) Zustimmung. Darüber hinaus ist ein Rückkauf 
nach Absatz (2) nur insoweit zulässig, wie 
(3) Approval. Further, a repurchase in accordance 
with paragraph (2) shall be effective only to the 
extent, that 
(i) 
die Voraussetzungen der Anwendbaren 
Vorschriften (wie in § 5 definiert) erfüllt 
sind und 
(i) 
the 
conditions 
of 
the 
Applicable 
Regulations (as defined in § 5) are met, and 
(ii) 
die zuständige Behörde dem Rückkauf 
zugestimmt hat. 
(ii) 
the competent authority has approved the 
repurchase. 
§ 11 
MITTEILUNGEN 
§ 11 
NOTICE 
(1) 
Bekanntmachung. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
werden im Bundesanzeiger veröffentlicht. Falls 
eine Veröffentlichung im Bundesanzeiger nicht 
möglich ist, werden die Mitteilungen in einem 
deutschen Börsenpflichtblatt, voraussichtlich der 
Börsen-Zeitung 
veröffentlicht. 
Jede 
derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am Tag der Veröffentlichung (oder 
bei mehreren Veröffentlichungen am Tag der ersten 
solchen Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt. 
(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes 
shall be published in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger). If publication in the Federal 
Gazette is not possible, the notices shall be 
published in a newspaper authorized by the stock 
exchanges in Germany (Börsenpflichtblatt). This 
newspaper is expected to be the Börsen-Zeitung. 
Any notice so given will be deemed to have been 
validly given on the date of such publication (or, if 
published more than once, on the date of the first 
such publication). 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
anstelle 
der 
Veröffentlichung nach Absatz 1, eine Mitteilung an 
das Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die 
Gläubiger zu übermitteln, vorausgesetzt, die 
Regeln 
der 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, lassen diese 
Form der Mitteilung zu. Jede derartige Mitteilung 
gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an 
das Clearing System als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt. 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer 
may, in lieu of the publication set forth in 
subparagraph (1) above, deliver the relevant notice 
to the Clearing System, for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Holder, provided that the 
rules of the stock exchange on which the Notes are 
listed permit such form of notice. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders 
on the seventh day after the day on which the said 
notice was given to the Clearing System. 
(3) 
Mitteilungen 
in 
Luxemburg. 
Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen im regulierten Markt der 
Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse zugelassen sind, 
werden die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden 
Mitteilungen auch auf der Internetseite der 
Luxemburger 
Börse, 
www.bourse.lu, 
veröffentlicht. Falls eine Veröffentlichung auf der 
Internetseite nicht möglich ist, werden die 
Mitteilungen in einer führenden Tageszeitung mit 
allgemeiner 
Verbreitung 
in 
Luxemburg 
veröffentlicht, 
voraussichtlich 
dem 
Tageblatt 
(Luxemburg). Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am Tag 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen am Tag der ersten solchen 
Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt. 
(3) Notices in Luxembourg. If the Notes are listed 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, all notices concerning the Notes shall 
also be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, www.bourse.lu. If publication on 
this website is not possible, the notices shall be 
published in a leading daily newspaper having 
general circulation in Luxembourg. This newspaper 
is expected to be the Tageblatt (Luxembourg). Any 
notice so given will be deemed to have been validly 
given on the date of such publication (or, if 
published more than once, on the date of the first 
such publication).

--- Page 148 ---
- 143 - 
 
Der folgende Absatz (4) ist nur auf nachrangige 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar, bei denen 
eine zusätzliche Veröffentlichung erforderlich ist: 
The following paragraph (4) shall only apply to 
subordinated Notes where additional publications 
are required: 
[(4) 
Weitere 
Veröffentlichungen. 
Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
werden darüber hinaus in [Medium] veröffentlicht. 
Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am Tag der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen am Tag der ersten solchen 
Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt.] 
[(4) 
Additional 
Publications. 
All 
notices 
concerning the Notes shall also be published in 
[Medium]. Any notice so given will be deemed to 
have been validly given on the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on the 
date of the first such publication).] 
Der folgende § 12 ist nur auf nachrangige 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, 
die 
Beschlüsse der Gläubiger vorsehen und bei denen 
kein 
Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter 
in 
den 
Emissionsbedingungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen bestimmt ist: 
The 
following 
§ 12 
shall 
only 
apply 
to 
subordinated Notes that provide for Resolutions of 
Holders where no Holders' Representative is 
designated in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes: 
[§ 12 
ÄNDERUNG DER BEDINGUNGEN 
DURCH BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER; 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
[§ 12 
AMENDMENTS TO THE  
CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTION OF THE 
NOTEHOLDERS; JOINT 
REPRESENTATIVE 
(1) Änderung der Bedingungen. Die Emittentin 
kann 
gemäß 
§§ 5 ff. 
des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") in seiner 
jeweils geltenden Fassung mit den Gläubigern 
Änderungen an den Bedingungen vereinbaren, 
wenn 
die 
Gläubiger 
einen 
entsprechenden 
Beschluss gefasst haben. Hierbei können die 
Gläubiger durch Beschluss der in Absatz 2 
genannten Mehrheit insbesondere Änderungen 
zustimmen, welche den Charakter der Bedingungen 
wesentlich verändern, einschließlich der in § 5 
Absatz 3 SchVG genannten Maßnahmen, aber mit 
Ausnahme der Ersetzung der Emittentin, welche 
ausschließlich 
den 
Bestimmungen 
von 
§ 9 
unterliegt. 
Ein 
rechtmäßig 
gefasster 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
ist 
für 
alle 
Gläubiger 
verbindlich. 
(1) Amendment of the Conditions. The Issuer may 
agree with the Holders on amendments to the 
Conditions by virtue of a majority resolution of the 
Holders pursuant to sections 5 et seqq. of the 
German Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG"), as amended from 
time to time. In particular, the Holders may consent 
to amendments which materially change the 
substance of the Conditions, including such 
measures as provided for under section 5 para. 3 of 
the SchVG, but excluding a substitution of the 
Issuer, which is exclusively subject to the 
provisions in § 9, by resolutions passed by such 
majority of the votes of the Holders. A duly passed 
majority resolution shall be binding upon all 
Holders. 
Diese Möglichkeit zur Änderung der Bedingungen 
besteht 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Einhaltung 
von 
Anforderungen der Anwendbaren Vorschriften 
(wie 
in 
§ [5] 
definiert) 
an 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen als Ergänzungskapital. 
These amendments to the Conditions are subject to 
compliance with requirements of Applicable 
Regulations (as defined in § [5]) for the recognition 
of the Notes as Tier 2 capital (Ergänzungskapital). 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Vorbehaltlich der 
Bestimmungen 
des 
folgenden 
Satzes 
und 
vorausgesetzt, die Anforderungen an das Quorum 
sind erfüllt, können die Gläubiger Beschlüsse mit 
einfacher Mehrheit der abgegebenen Stimmen 
fassen. Beschlüsse, welche den Charakter der 
Bedingungen wesentlich verändern, insbesondere 
in den Fällen des § 5 Absatz 3 Nr. 1 bis 9 SchVG, 
bedürfen 
der 
qualifizierten 
Mehrheit 
von 
mindestens 
[75][Anderer 
Prozentsatz] % 
der 
(2) Majority. Except as provided by the following 
sentence 
and 
provided 
that 
the 
quorum 
requirements are being met, the Holders may pass 
resolutions by simple majority of the voting rights 
participating in the vote. Resolutions which 
materially change the substance of the Conditions, 
in particular in the cases of section 5 para. 3 
numbers 1 through 9 of the SchVG, may only be 
passed by a majority of at least [75][other

--- Page 149 ---
- 144 - 
 
abgegebenen 
Stimmen 
(die 
"Qualifizierte 
Mehrheit"). 
percentage] per cent. 
of 
the 
voting 
rights 
participating in the vote (a "Qualified Majority"). 
(3) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Beschlüsse 
der Gläubiger können ausschließlich im Wege der 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung gefasst werden, 
wie sie in § 18 SchVG vorgesehen ist. Gläubiger, 
die insgesamt 5 % des ausstehenden Nennbetrages 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
halten, 
können 
schriftlich das Abhalten einer Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung verlangen, § 9 in Verbindung mit 
§ 18 SchVG. Die Abstimmung wird von einem 
Notar geleitet, der von der Emittentin bestimmt 
wird oder, wenn der gemeinsame Vertreter, wie 
untenstehend definiert, die Abstimmung anberaumt 
hat, 
vom 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreter. 
Die 
Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe 
durch 
den 
Abstimmungsleiter enthält weitere Ausführungen 
hinsichtlich der zu fassenden Beschlüsse und der 
Abstimmungsmodalitäten. Der Gegenstand der 
Abstimmung 
sowie 
die 
vorgeschlagenen 
Beschlüsse werden den Gläubigern zusammen mit 
der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe bekannt 
gegeben. 
(3) Vote without a Meeting. Resolutions of the 
Holders shall exclusively be made by means of a 
vote without a meeting (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) in accordance with section 18 of the 
SchVG. Holders holding Notes in the total amount 
of 5 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount 
of the Notes may request, in writing, the holding of 
a vote without a meeting pursuant to section 9 in 
connection with section 18 of the SchVG. The vote 
will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer 
or, if the Holders' Representative (as defined below) 
has 
convened 
the 
vote, 
by 
the 
Holders' 
Representative. The request for voting as submitted 
by the chairman (Abstimmungsleiter) will provide 
for the further details relating to the resolutions and 
the voting procedure. The subject matter of the vote 
as well as the proposed resolutions shall be notified 
to Holders together with the request for voting. 
(4) Stimmrecht. Gläubiger müssen den Nachweis 
ihrer 
Berechtigung 
zur 
Teilnahme 
an 
der 
Abstimmung zum Zeitpunkt der Stimmabgabe 
durch eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank, wie in 
§ 13 Absatz 2 geregelt und die Vorlage einer 
Sperranweisung 
der 
depotführenden 
Bank 
zugunsten der Zahlstelle als Hinterlegungsstelle für 
den Zeitraum der Stimmabgabe nachweisen. 
(4) Voting Rights. Holders must demonstrate their 
eligibility to participate in the vote at the time of 
voting by means of a special confirmation of the 
Depositary Bank in accordance with § 13 
paragraph 2 hereof and by submission of a blocking 
instruction by the Depositary Bank for the benefit 
of 
the 
Paying 
Agent 
as 
depository 
(Hinterlegungsstelle) for the voting period. 
(5) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. Die Gläubiger können 
durch Mehrheitsbeschluss einen gemeinsamen 
Vertreter (der "Gemeinsame Vertreter") bestellen 
oder abberufen, die Pflichten, Verantwortlichkeiten 
und Rechte eines solchen Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
festlegen, die Übertragung der Rechte der 
Gläubiger auf den Gemeinsamen Vertreter sowie 
die 
Haftungsbegrenzung 
des 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters bestimmen. Die Bestellung eines 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
bedarf 
einer 
Qualifizierten Mehrheit, wenn der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter in Übereinstimmung mit § 12 Absatz 2 
autorisiert ist, einer wesentlichen Änderung des 
Charakters der Bedingungen zuzustimmen. 
(5) Holders' representative. The Holders may by 
majority resolution provide for the designation or 
dismissal of a joint representative (the "Holders' 
Representative"), the duties and responsibilities 
and the powers of such Holders' Representative, the 
transfer of the rights of the Holders to the Holders' 
Representative and a limitation of liability of the 
Holders' Representative. Designation of a Holders' 
Representative may only be passed by a Qualified 
Majority if such Holders' Representative is to be 
authorized to consent, in accordance with § 12 
paragraph 2 hereof, to a material change in the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions. 
(6) Veröffentlichung. Alle Bekanntmachungen 
diesen § 12 betreffend werden in Übereinstimmung 
mit den §§ 5 ff. SchVG und § 11 dieser 
Bedingungen getätigt.] 
(6) Publication. Any notices concerning this § 12 
shall be made in accordance with sections 5 et seqq. 
of the SchVG and § 11 hereof.] 
Der folgende § 12 ist nur auf nachrangige 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, 
die 
Beschlüsse der Gläubiger vorsehen und bei denen 
ein 
Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter 
in 
den 
Emissionsbedingungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen bestimmt ist: 
The 
following 
§ 12 
shall 
only 
apply 
to 
subordinated Notes that provide for Resolutions of 
Holders where a Holders' Representative is 
designated in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes:

--- Page 150 ---
- 145 - 
 
[§ 12 
ÄNDERUNG DER BEDINGUNGEN 
DURCH BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER; 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
[§ 12 
AMENDMENTS TO THE  
CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTION OF THE 
NOTEHOLDERS; JOINT 
REPRESENTATIVE 
(1) Änderung der Bedingungen. Die Emittentin 
kann 
gemäß 
§§ 5 ff. 
des 
Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") in seiner 
jeweils geltenden Fassung mit den Gläubigern 
Änderungen an den Bedingungen vereinbaren, 
wenn 
die 
Gläubiger 
einen 
entsprechenden 
Beschluss gefasst haben. Hierbei können die 
Gläubiger durch Beschluss der in Absatz 2 
genannten Mehrheit insbesondere Änderungen 
zustimmen, welche den Charakter der Bedingungen 
wesentlich verändern, einschließlich der in § 5 
Absatz 3 SchVG genannten Maßnahmen, aber mit 
Ausnahme der Ersetzung der Emittentin, welche 
ausschließlich 
den 
Bestimmungen 
von 
§ 9 
unterliegt. 
Ein 
rechtmäßig 
gefasster 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
ist 
für 
alle 
Gläubiger 
verbindlich. 
(1) Amendment of the Conditions. The Issuer may 
agree with the Holders on amendments to the 
Conditions by virtue of a majority resolution of the 
Holders pursuant to sections 5 et seqq. of the 
German Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG"), as amended from 
time to time. In particular, the Holders may consent 
to amendments which materially change the 
substance of the Conditions, including such 
measures as provided for under section 5 para. 3 of 
the SchVG, but excluding a substitution of the 
Issuer, which is exclusively subject to the 
provisions in § 9, by resolutions passed by such 
majority of the votes of the Holders. A duly passed 
majority resolution shall be binding upon all 
Holders. 
Diese Möglichkeit zur Änderung der Bedingungen 
besteht 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Einhaltung 
von 
Anforderungen der Anwendbaren Vorschriften 
(wie 
in 
§ [5] 
definiert) 
an 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen als Ergänzungskapital. 
These amendments to the Conditions are subject to 
compliance with requirements of Applicable 
Regulations (as defined in § [5]) for the recognition 
of the Notes as Tier 2 capital (Ergänzungskapital). 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Vorbehaltlich der 
Bestimmungen 
des 
folgenden 
Satzes 
und 
vorausgesetzt, die Anforderungen an das Quorum 
sind erfüllt, können die Gläubiger Beschlüsse mit 
einfacher Mehrheit der abgegebenen Stimmen 
fassen. Beschlüsse, welche den Charakter der 
Bedingungen wesentlich verändern, insbesondere 
in den Fällen des § 5 Absatz 3 Nr. 1 bis 9 SchVG, 
bedürfen 
der 
qualifizierten 
Mehrheit 
von 
mindestens 
[75][Anderer 
Prozentsatz] % 
der 
abgegebenen 
Stimmen 
(die 
"Qualifizierte 
Mehrheit"). 
(2) Majority. Except as provided by the following 
sentence 
and 
provided 
that 
the 
quorum 
requirements are being met, the Holders may pass 
resolutions by simple majority of the voting rights 
participating in the vote. Resolutions which 
materially change the substance of the Conditions, 
in particular in the cases of section 5 para. 3 
numbers 1 through 9 of the SchVG, may only be 
passed by a majority of at least [75][other 
percentage] per cent. 
of 
the 
voting 
rights 
participating in the vote (a "Qualified Majority"). 
(3) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Beschlüsse 
der Gläubiger können ausschließlich im Wege der 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung gefasst werden, 
wie sie in § 18 SchVG vorgesehen ist. Gläubiger, 
die insgesamt 5 % des ausstehenden Nennbetrages 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
halten, 
können 
schriftlich das Abhalten einer Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung verlangen, § 9 in Verbindung mit 
§ 18 SchVG. Die Abstimmung wird von einem 
Notar geleitet, der von der Emittentin bestimmt 
wird oder, wenn der gemeinsame Vertreter, wie 
untenstehend definiert, die Abstimmung anberaumt 
hat, 
vom 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreter. 
Die 
Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe 
durch 
den 
Abstimmungsleiter enthält weitere Ausführungen 
hinsichtlich der zu fassenden Beschlüsse und der 
Abstimmungsmodalitäten. Der Gegenstand der 
(3) Vote without a Meeting. Resolutions of the 
Holders shall exclusively be made by means of a 
vote without a meeting (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) in accordance with section 18 of the 
SchVG. Holders holding Notes in the total amount 
of 5 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount 
of the Notes may request, in writing, the holding of 
a vote without a meeting pursuant to section 9 in 
connection with section 18 of the SchVG. The vote 
will be chaired by a notary appointed by the Issuer 
or, if the Holders' Representative (as defined below) 
has 
convened 
the 
vote, 
by 
the 
Holders' 
Representative. The request for voting as submitted 
by the chairman (Abstimmungsleiter) will provide 
for the further details relating to the resolutions and 
the voting procedure. The subject matter of the vote

--- Page 151 ---
- 146 - 
 
Abstimmung 
sowie 
die 
vorgeschlagenen 
Beschlüsse werden den Gläubigern zusammen mit 
der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe bekannt 
gegeben. 
as well as the proposed resolutions shall be notified 
to Holders together with the request for voting. 
(4) Stimmrecht. Gläubiger müssen den Nachweis 
ihrer 
Berechtigung 
zur 
Teilnahme 
an 
der 
Abstimmung zum Zeitpunkt der Stimmabgabe 
durch eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank, wie in 
§ 13 Absatz 2 geregelt und die Vorlage einer 
Sperranweisung 
der 
depotführenden 
Bank 
zugunsten der Zahlstelle als Hinterlegungsstelle für 
den Zeitraum der Stimmabgabe nachweisen. 
(4) Voting Rights. Holders must demonstrate their 
eligibility to participate in the vote at the time of 
voting by means of a special confirmation of the 
Depositary Bank in accordance with § 13 
paragraph 2 hereof and by submission of a blocking 
instruction by the Depositary Bank for the benefit 
of 
the 
Paying 
Agent 
as 
depository 
(Hinterlegungsstelle) for the voting period. 
(5) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. Der gemeinsame 
Vertreter (der "Gemeinsame Vertreter") ist 
[Name 
und 
Anschrift 
des 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters]. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat die 
Pflichten und Verantwortlichkeiten und Rechte, die 
ihm von Gesetzes wegen zustehen. Die Haftung des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf den zehnfachen 
Betrag seiner jährlichen Vergütung begrenzt, es sei 
denn, der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat vorsätzlich 
oder grob fahrlässig gehandelt. Die Vorschriften 
des SchVG gelten im Hinblick auf die Abberufung 
des Gemeinsamen Vertreters und die sonstigen 
Rechte und Pflichten des Gemeinsamen Vertreters. 
(5) 
Holders' 
representative. 
The 
joint 
representative (the "Holders' Representative") 
shall be [name and address of Holders' 
Representative]. The Holders' Representative shall 
have the duties and responsibilities and powers 
provided for by law. The liability of the Holders' 
Representative shall be limited to ten times of the 
amount of its annual remuneration, unless the 
Holders' Representative has acted wilfully or with 
gross negligence. The provisions of the SchVG 
apply with respect to the dismissal of the Holders' 
Representative and the other rights and obligations 
of the Holders' Representative. 
(6) Veröffentlichung. Alle Bekanntmachungen 
diesen § 12 betreffend werden in Übereinstimmung 
mit den §§ 5 ff. SchVG und § 11 dieser 
Bedingungen getätigt.] 
(6) Publication. Any notices concerning this § 13 
shall be made in accordance with sections 5 et seqq. 
of the SchVG and § 11 hereof.] 
§ [12][13] 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTLICHE 
GELTENDMACHUNG 
UND GERICHTSSTAND 
§ [12][13] 
GOVERNING LAW, PLACE OF 
JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und 
Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin 
bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach deutschem 
Recht. 
(1) Governing Law. The Notes, as to form and 
content, and all rights and obligations of the 
Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed in every 
respect by German law. 
(2) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger 
von Schuldverschreibungen ist berechtigt, in jedem 
Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem 
Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger und die 
Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der 
folgenden Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu 
machen: 
(2) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any 
proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such 
Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and 
enforce in his own name his rights arising under 
such Notes on the basis of: 
(a) 
Er 
bringt 
eine 
Bescheinigung 
der 
Depotbank bei, bei der er für die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche (i) den 
vollständigen Namen und die vollständige 
Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, (ii) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die 
(a) 
a statement issued by the Custodian with 
whom such Holder maintains a securities 
account in respect of the Notes (i) stating 
the full name and address of the Holder, (ii) 
specifying the aggregate principal amount 
of Notes credited to such securities account 
on the date of such statement and (iii) 
confirming that the Custodian has given

--- Page 152 ---
- 147 - 
 
unter dem Datum der Bestätigung auf dem 
Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (iii) 
bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber 
dem Clearingsystem eine schriftliche 
Erklärung 
abgegeben 
hat, 
die 
die 
vorstehend unter (i) und (ii) bezeichneten 
Informationen 
enthält 
und 
einen 
Bestätigungsvermerk des Clearingsystems 
trägt; und 
written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (i) 
and (ii) which has been confirmed by the 
Clearing System; and 
(b) 
er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
vor, 
deren 
Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine 
vertretungsberechtigte 
Person 
des 
Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne dass 
eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der 
die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
in 
einem 
solchen 
Verfahren erforderlich wäre. 
(b) 
a copy of the Note in global form certified 
as being a true copy by a duly authorized 
officer of the Clearing System or a 
depository of the Clearing System, without 
the 
need 
for 
production 
in 
such 
proceedings of the actual records or the 
global note representing the Notes. 
Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet 
"Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges 
anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und 
bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für 
die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält und ein Konto 
beim Clearingsystem unterhält, einschließlich des 
Clearingsystems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden 
kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere Weise 
schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land des 
Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig ist. 
For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means 
any bank or other financial institution of recognized 
standing authorized to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes and which 
maintains an account with the Clearing System, and 
includes the Clearing System. Each Holder may, 
without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce his rights under these Notes also in any 
other way which is admitted in Proceedings in the 
country in which the Proceedings take place. 
(3) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig 
für 
sämtliche 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder 
sonstige Verfahren ("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") ist das 
Landgericht Frankfurt am Main. 
(3) Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court 
(Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main shall have non-
exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes. 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur für nachrangige 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar, 
die 
Beschlüsse der Gläubiger vorsehen: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
subordinated Notes that provide for Resolutions of 
Holders: 
[Für Entscheidungen gemäß § 9 Absatz 2, § 13 
Absatz 3 und § 18 Absatz 2 SchVG ist gemäß § 9 
Absatz 3 SchVG das Amtsgericht zuständig, in 
dessen Bezirk die Emittentin ihren Sitz hat. Für 
Entscheidungen 
über 
die 
Anfechtung 
von 
Beschlüssen der Anleihegläubiger ist gemäß § 20 
Absatz 3 SchVG das Landgericht ausschließlich 
zuständig, in dessen Bezirk die Emittentin ihren 
Sitz hat.] 
[The local court (Amtsgericht) in the district where 
the Issuer has its registered office shall, pursuant 
section 9 para. 3 of the SchVG, have jurisdiction 
for all judgments in accordance with sections 9 
para. 2, 13 para. 3 and 18 para. 2 of the SchVG. The 
regional court (Landgericht) in the district where 
the Issuer has its registered office will have 
exclusive jurisdiction for all judgments over 
contested resolutions by Noteholders in accordance 
with section 20 para. 3 of the SchVG.] 
§ [13][14] 
SPRACHE 
§ [13][14] 
LANGUAGE 
Diese Bedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische 
These Conditions are written in the German 
language and provided with an English language

--- Page 153 ---
- 148 - 
 
Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist 
bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist unverbindlich. 
translation. The German text shall be controlling 
and binding. The English language translation is 
provided for convenience only.

--- Page 154 ---
- 149 - 
 
OPTION IV – Emissionsbedingungen für 
festverzinsliche Pfandbriefe 
OPTION IV – Terms and Conditions for Fixed 
Rate Pfandbriefe 
 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Währung; Stückelung. Diese Serie von 
Hypothekenpfandbriefen (die "Pfandbriefe") der 
Oldenburgische Landesbank Aktiengesellschaft 
(die 
"Emittentin") 
wird 
in 
[Währung] 
("[Abkürzung Währung]") (die "Festgelegte 
Währung") 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
von 
[Abkürzung Währung] [Gesamtnennbetrag] (in 
Worten: 
[Währung] 
[Gesamtnennbetrag 
in 
Worten]) in einer Stückelung von [Abkürzung 
Währung] [festgelegte Stückelung](
11
) (die 
"Festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of 
Mortgage Pfandbriefe (the "Pfandbriefe") of 
Oldenburgische Landesbank Aktiengesellschaft 
(the "Issuer") is being issued in [Currency] 
("[Abbreviation of Currency]") (the "Specified 
Currency") in the aggregate principal amount of 
[Abbreviation of Currency] [aggregate principal 
amount] (in words: 
[Currency] [aggregate 
principal amount in words]) in the denomination 
of 
[Abbreviation 
of 
Currency] 
[Specified 
Denomination] (
12
) 
(the 
"Specified 
Denomination"). 
(2) Form. Die Pfandbriefe lauten auf den Inhaber 
und sind durch eine oder mehrere Globalurkunden 
verbrieft (jede eine "Globalurkunde"). 
(2) Form. The Pfandbriefe are being issued in 
bearer form and represented by one or more global 
Pfandbriefe (each a "Global Note"). 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (5) sind nur auf 
festverzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar, die von 
Anfang an durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde 
verbrieft sind und durch Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt ("CBF") verwahrt werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (5) shall only 
apply to Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe which are 
initially represented by a Permanent Global Note 
and are kept in custody by Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt ("CBF"): 
[(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Pfandbriefe sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und ist 
von dem Fiscal Agent oder in dessen Namen mit 
einer Kontrollunterschrift und einer Unterschrift 
des 
von 
der 
Bundesanstalt 
für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) bestellten 
Treuhänders 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden 
und 
Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
[(3) Permanent Global Note. The Pfandbriefe are 
represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The 
Permanent Global Note shall be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent 
and shall be signed by the trustee appointed by the 
Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin). 
Definitive Pfandbriefe and interest coupons will not 
be issued. 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Pfandbriefen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Pfandbriefe have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, 
Deutschland 
("CBF")][anderes 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, Germany ("CBF")][other Clearing 
 
(11) Die Mindeststückelung der Pfandbriefe, die begeben werden, ist EUR 1.000 oder mindestens ein am Tag der Begebung diesem 
Betrag entsprechender Betrag in einer anderen Währung. 
(12) The minimum denomination of the Pfandbriefe issued will be EUR 1,000 or at least the corresponding amount in any other 
currency as of the issue date.

--- Page 155 ---
- 150 - 
 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie 
jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
(5) Gläubiger von Pfandbriefen. "Gläubiger" 
bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils 
oder anderen Rechts an den Pfandbriefen.] 
(5) Holder of Pfandbriefe. "Holder" means any 
holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Pfandbriefe.] 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (6) sind nur auf 
festverzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar, die in 
Form einer Neuen Globalurkunde ("NGN") 
begeben werden und die von Anfang an durch 
eine Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind und 
durch "ICSDs" verwahrt werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (6) shall only 
apply to Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe which are 
represented by a new global note ("NGN") and 
which are initially represented by a Permanent 
Global Note and are kept in custody by "ICSDs": 
[(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Pfandbriefe sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und ist 
von dem Fiscal Agent oder in dessen Namen mit 
einer 
Kontrollunterschrift, 
sowie 
mit 
der 
eigenhändigen Unterschrift eines bevollmächtigten 
Vertreters des gemeinsamen Wertpapierverwahrers 
(common safekeeper) und einer Unterschrift des 
von 
der 
Bundesanstalt 
für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) bestellten 
Treuhänders 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden 
und 
Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
[(3) Permanent Global Note. The Pfandbriefe are 
represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The 
Permanent Global Note shall be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent as 
well as manually signed by an authorized 
representative of the common safekeeper and shall 
be signed by the trustee appointed by the Federal 
Financial 
Supervisory 
Authority 
(BaFin). 
Definitive Pfandbriefe and interest coupons will not 
be issued. 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Pfandbriefen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Pfandbriefe have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, 
Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank S A/N V, 
Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brüssel, Belgien als Betreiberin des Euroclear 
Systems ("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear 
jeweils 
ein 
"ICSD" 
und 
zusammen 
die 
"ICSDs")][anderes 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank S A/N 
V, Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium as operator of the Euroclear 
System ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an 
"ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")][other Clearing 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
Die Pfandbriefe werden in Form einer new global 
note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von einem 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrer 
(common 
safekeeper) im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
The Pfandbriefe are issued in new global note 
("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
(5) Register der ICSDs. Der Nennbetrag der durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Pfandbriefe 
entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider 
ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register 
der ICSDs (unter denen man die Register versteht, 
die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres Anteils an den Pfandbriefen führt) sind 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe, 
und eine zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils 
(5) Records of the ICSDs. The nominal amount of 
Pfandbriefe represented by the Global Note shall be 
the aggregate amount from time to time entered in 
the records of both ICSDs. The records of the 
ICSDs (which expression means the records that 
each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customer's interest in the 
Pfandbriefe) shall be conclusive evidence of the 
nominal amount of Pfandbriefe represented by the 
Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement

--- Page 156 ---
- 151 - 
 
ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Nennbetrag 
der so verbrieften Pfandbriefe ist ein schlüssiger 
Nachweis über den Inhalt des Registers des 
jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
issued by a ICSD stating the nominal amount of 
Pfandbriefe so represented at any time shall be 
conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant 
ICSD at that time. 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung bezüglich 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Pfandbriefe bzw. bei Kauf und Entwertung der 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe 
stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten 
über Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf und 
Löschung bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in 
die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und 
dass nach dieser Eintragung vom Nennbetrag der in 
die Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch 
die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. 
gekauften und entwerteten Pfandbriefe abgezogen 
wird. 
On any redemption or interest being made in 
respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any of 
the Pfandbriefe represented by the Global Note the 
Issuer shall procure that details of any redemption, 
payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case 
may be) in respect of the Global Note shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs and, 
upon any such entry being made, the nominal 
amount of the Pfandbriefe recorded in the records 
of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note 
shall be reduced by the aggregate nominal amount 
of the Pfandbriefe so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled. 
(6) Gläubiger von Pfandbriefen. "Gläubiger" 
bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils 
oder anderen Rechts an den Pfandbriefen.] 
(6) Holder of Pfandbriefe. "Holder" means any 
holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Pfandbriefe.] 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (5) sind nur auf 
festverzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar, die in 
Form einer Klassischen Globalurkunde ("CGN") 
begeben werden und die von Anfang an durch 
eine Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind und 
durch ein oder mehrere "ICSDs" verwahrt 
werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (5) shall only 
apply to Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe which are 
represented by a classical global note ("CGN") 
and which are initially represented by a 
Permanent Global Note and are kept in custody by 
one or more "ICSD": 
[(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Pfandbriefe sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und ist 
von dem Fiscal Agent oder in dessen Namen mit 
einer Kontrollunterschrift und einer Unterschrift 
des 
von 
der 
Bundesanstalt 
für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) bestellten 
Treuhänders 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden 
und 
Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
[(3) Permanent Global Note. The Pfandbriefe are 
represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The 
Permanent Global Note shall be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent 
and shall be signed by the trustee appointed by the 
Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin). 
Definitive Pfandbriefe and interest coupons will not 
be issued. 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Pfandbriefen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Pfandbriefe have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, 
Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank S A/N V, 
Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brüssel, Belgien als Betreiberin des Euroclear 
Systems ("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear 
jeweils 
ein 
"ICSD" 
und 
zusammen 
die 
"ICSDs")][anderes 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank S A/N 
V, Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium as operator of the Euroclear 
System ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an 
"ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")][other Clearing 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity.

--- Page 157 ---
- 152 - 
 
Die Pfandbriefe werden in Form einer classical 
global note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von einem 
common depository im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt. 
The Pfandbriefe are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common depository on behalf of both ICSDs. 
(5) Gläubiger von Pfandbriefen. "Gläubiger" 
bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils 
oder anderen Rechts an den Pfandbriefen.] 
(5) Holder of Pfandbriefe. "Holder" means any 
holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Pfandbriefe.] 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (5) sind nur auf 
festverzinsliche 
Pfandbriefe 
anwendbar, 
die 
anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind und durch Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt ("CBF") verwahrt werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (5) shall only 
apply to Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe s which are kept 
in custody by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
("CBF") and which are initially represented by a 
Temporary Global Note: 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
[(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) 
Die Pfandbriefe sind anfänglich durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde (die "vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
wird gegen Pfandbriefe in der festgelegten 
Stückelung, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin 
und sind jeweils von dem Fiscal Agent 
oder 
in 
dessen 
Namen 
mit 
einer 
Kontrollunterschrift und einer Unterschrift 
des 
von 
der 
Bundesanstalt 
für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht 
(BaFin) 
bestellten 
Treuhänders 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
(a) 
The Pfandbriefe are initially represented 
by 
a 
temporary 
global 
note 
(the 
"Temporary Global Note") without 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note will 
be exchangeable for Pfandbriefe in the 
Specified Denomination represented by a 
permanent global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note") without coupons. The 
Temporary Global Note and the Permanent 
Global Note shall each be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and 
shall each be authenticated by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent and shall be signed by 
the trustee appointed by the Federal 
Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin). 
Definitive 
Pfandbriefe 
and 
interest 
coupons will not be issued. 
(b) 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an 
einem Tag (der "Austauschtag") gegen 
die Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der 
nicht mehr als 180 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung der Pfandbriefe liegt. Der 
Austauschtag soll nicht weniger als 40 
Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung liegen. 
Ein solcher Austausch darf nur nach 
Vorlage von Bescheinigungen erfolgen, 
wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer der Pfandbriefe keine U. S.-
Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, 
die Pfandbriefe über solche Finanzinstitute 
halten). Solange die Pfandbriefe durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
werden Zinszahlungen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher Bescheinigungen vorgenommen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede 
solche Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchanged for the Permanent Global Note 
on a date (the "Exchange Date") not later 
than 180 days after the date of issue of the 
Pfandbriefe. The Exchange Date shall not 
be earlier than 40 days after the date of 
issue. Such exchange shall only be made 
upon delivery of certifications to the effect 
that the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Pfandbriefe is not a U.S. person (other than 
certain financial institutions or certain 
persons holding Pfandbriefe through such 
financial institutions). Payment of interest 
on 
Pfandbriefe 
represented 
by 
a 
Temporary Global Note will be made only 
after delivery of such certifications. A 
separate certification shall be required in 
respect of each such payment of interest. 
Any such certification received on or after 
the 40th day after the date of issue of the 
Pfandbriefe will be treated as a request to 
exchange the Temporary Global Note

--- Page 158 ---
- 153 - 
 
Pfandbriefe eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen 
behandelt 
werden, 
diese 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde gemäß Absatz (b) dieses 
§ 1 Absatz (3) auszutauschen. Pfandbriefe, 
die im Austausch für die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, dürfen 
nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie 
in § 4 Absatz (4) definiert) geliefert 
werden. 
pursuant to paragraph (b) of this § 1(3). 
Any Pfandbriefe delivered in exchange for 
the Temporary Global Note shall be 
delivered only outside of the United States 
(as defined in § 4 (4)). 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Pfandbriefen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Pfandbriefe have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, 
Deutschland 
("CBF")][anderes 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie 
jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, Germany ("CBF")][other Clearing 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
(5) Gläubiger von Pfandbriefen. "Gläubiger" 
bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils 
oder anderen Rechts an den Pfandbriefen.] 
(5) Holder of Pfandbriefe. "Holder" means any 
holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Pfandbriefe.] 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (6) sind nur auf 
festverzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar, die in 
Form einer Neuen Globalurkunde ("NGN") 
begeben werden und die anfänglich durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind und 
durch "ICSDs" verwahrt werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (6) shall only 
apply to Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe which are 
represented by a new global note ("NGN") and 
which are initially represented by a Temporary 
Global Note and are kept in custody by "ICSDs": 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
[(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) 
Die Pfandbriefe sind anfänglich durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde (die "vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
wird gegen Pfandbriefe in der festgelegten 
Stückelung, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. 
Die 
Einzelheiten 
eines 
solchen 
Austausches 
werden 
in 
die 
Aufzeichnungen der ICSD aufgenommen. 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin 
und sind jeweils von dem Fiscal Agent 
oder 
in 
dessen 
Namen 
mit 
einer 
Kontrollunterschrift, 
sowie 
mit 
der 
eigenhändigen 
Unterschrift 
eines 
bevollmächtigten 
Vertreters 
des 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrers 
(common 
safekeeper) 
und 
einer 
Unterschrift des von der Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht 
(BaFin) 
bestellten 
Treuhänders 
versehen. 
(a) 
The Pfandbriefe are initially represented 
by 
a 
temporary 
global 
note 
(the 
"Temporary Global Note") without 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note will 
be exchangeable for Pfandbriefe in the 
Specified Denomination represented by a 
permanent global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note") without coupons. The 
details of such exchange shall be entered in 
the records of the ICSD. The Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global 
Note shall each be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and 
shall each be authenticated by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent as well as manually 
signed by an authorized representative of 
the common safekeeper and shall be signed 
by the trustee appointed by the Federal 
Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin). 
Definitive 
Pfandbriefe 
and 
interest 
coupons will not be issued.

--- Page 159 ---
- 154 - 
 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
(b) 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an 
einem Tag (der "Austauschtag") gegen 
die Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der 
nicht mehr als 180 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung der Pfandbriefe liegt. Der 
Austauschtag soll nicht weniger als 40 
Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung liegen. 
Ein solcher Austausch darf nur nach 
Vorlage von Bescheinigungen erfolgen, 
wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer der Pfandbriefe keine U. S.-
Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, 
die Pfandbriefe über solche Finanzinstitute 
halten). Solange die Pfandbriefe durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
werden Zinszahlungen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher Bescheinigungen vorgenommen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede 
solche Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
Pfandbriefe eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen 
behandelt 
werden, 
diese 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde gemäß Absatz (b) dieses 
§ 1 Absatz (3) auszutauschen. Pfandbriefe, 
die im Austausch für die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, dürfen 
nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie 
in § 4 Absatz (4) definiert) geliefert 
werden. 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchanged for the Permanent Global Note 
on a date (the "Exchange Date") not later 
than 180 days after the date of issue of the 
Pfandbriefe. The Exchange Date shall not 
be earlier than 40 days after the date of 
issue. Such exchange shall only be made 
upon delivery of certifications to the effect 
that the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Pfandbriefe is not a U.S. person (other than 
certain financial institutions or certain 
persons holding Pfandbriefe through such 
financial institutions). Payment of interest 
on 
Pfandbriefe 
represented 
by 
a 
Temporary Global Note will be made only 
after delivery of such certifications. A 
separate certification shall be required in 
respect of each such payment of interest. 
Any such certification received on or after 
the 40th day after the date of issue of the 
Pfandbriefe will be treated as a request to 
exchange the Temporary Global Note 
pursuant to paragraph (b) of this § 1(3). 
Any Pfandbriefe delivered in exchange for 
the Temporary Global Note shall be 
delivered only outside of the United States 
(as defined in § 4 (4)). 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Pfandbriefen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Pfandbriefe have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, 
Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank S A/N V, 
Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brüssel, Belgien als Betreiberin des Euroclear 
Systems ("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear 
jeweils 
ein 
"ICSD" 
und 
zusammen 
die 
"ICSDs")][anderes 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank S A/N 
V, Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium as operator of the Euroclear 
System ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an 
"ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")][other Clearing 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
Die Pfandbriefe werden in Form einer new global 
note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von einem 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrer 
(common 
safekeeper) im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
The Pfandbriefe are issued in new global note 
("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
(5) Register der ICSDs. Der Nennbetrag der durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Pfandbriefe 
entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider 
ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register 
der ICSDs (unter denen man die Register versteht, 
(5) Records of the ICSDs. The nominal amount of 
Pfandbriefe represented by the Global Note shall be 
the aggregate amount from time to time entered in 
the records of both ICSDs. The records of the 
ICSDs (which expression means the records that

--- Page 160 ---
- 155 - 
 
die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres Anteils an den Pfandbriefen führt) sind 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe, 
und eine zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Nennbetrag 
der so verbrieften Pfandbriefe ist ein schlüssiger 
Nachweis über den Inhalt des Registers des 
jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customer's interest in the 
Pfandbriefe) shall be conclusive evidence of the 
nominal amount of Pfandbriefe represented by the 
Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement 
issued by a ICSD stating the nominal amount of 
Pfandbriefe so represented at any time shall be 
conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant 
ICSD at that time. 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung bezüglich 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Pfandbriefe bzw. bei Kauf und Entwertung der 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe 
stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten 
über Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf und 
Löschung bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in 
die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und 
dass nach dieser Eintragung vom Nennbetrag der in 
die Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch 
die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. 
gekauften und entwerteten Pfandbriefe abgezogen 
wird. 
On any redemption or interest being made in 
respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any of 
the Pfandbriefe represented by the Global Note the 
Issuer shall procure that details of any redemption, 
payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case 
may be) in respect of the Global Note shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs and, 
upon any such entry being made, the nominal 
amount of the Pfandbriefe recorded in the records 
of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note 
shall be reduced by the aggregate nominal amount 
of the Pfandbriefe so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled. 
Bei Austausch eines Anteils von ausschließlich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Pfandbriefen wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass 
die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro rata in die 
Aufzeichnungen der ICSDs aufgenommen werden. 
On an exchange of a portion only of the Pfandbriefe 
represented by a Temporary Global Note, the Issuer 
shall procure that details of such exchange shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs. 
(6) Gläubiger von Pfandbriefen. "Gläubiger" 
bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils 
oder anderen Rechts an den Pfandbriefen.] 
(6) Holder of Pfandbriefe. "Holder" means any 
holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Pfandbriefe.] 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (5) sind nur auf 
festverzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar, die in 
Form einer Klassischen Globalurkunde ("CGN") 
begeben werden und die anfänglich durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind und 
durch "ICSDs" verwahrt werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (5) shall only 
apply to Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe which are 
represented by a classical global note ("CGN") 
and which are initially represented by a 
Temporary Global Note and are kept in custody by 
"ICDs": 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) 
Die Pfandbriefe sind anfänglich durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde (die "vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
wird gegen Pfandbriefe in der festgelegten 
Stückelung, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. 
Die 
Einzelheiten 
eines 
solchen 
Austausches 
werden 
in 
die 
Aufzeichnungen der ICSD aufgenommen. 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin 
und sind jeweils von dem Fiscal Agent 
(a) 
The Pfandbriefe are initially represented 
by 
a 
temporary 
global 
note 
(the 
"Temporary Global Note") without 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note will 
be exchangeable for Pfandbriefe in the 
Specified Denomination represented by a 
permanent global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note") without coupons. The 
details of such exchange shall be entered in 
the records of the ICSD. The Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global 
Note shall each be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and 
shall each be authenticated by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent and shall be signed by 
the trustee appointed by the Federal 
Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin).

--- Page 161 ---
- 156 - 
 
oder 
in 
dessen 
Namen 
mit 
einer 
Kontrollunterschrift und einer Unterschrift 
des 
von 
der 
Bundesanstalt 
für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht 
(BaFin) 
bestellten 
Treuhänders 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
Definitive 
Pfandbriefe 
and 
interest 
coupons will not be issued. 
(b) 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an 
einem Tag (der "Austauschtag") gegen 
die Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der 
nicht mehr als 180 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung der Pfandbriefe liegt. Der 
Austauschtag soll nicht weniger als 40 
Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung liegen. 
Ein solcher Austausch darf nur nach 
Vorlage von Bescheinigungen erfolgen, 
wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer der Pfandbriefe keine U.S.-
Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, 
die Pfandbriefe über solche Finanzinstitute 
halten). Solange die Pfandbriefe durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
werden Zinszahlungen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher Bescheinigungen vorgenommen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede 
solche Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
Pfandbriefe eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen 
behandelt 
werden, 
diese 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde gemäß Absatz (b) dieses 
§ 1 Absatz (3) auszutauschen. Pfandbriefe, 
die im Austausch für die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, dürfen 
nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie 
in § 4 Absatz (4) definiert) geliefert 
werden. 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchanged for the Permanent Global Note 
on a date (the "Exchange Date") not later 
than 180 days after the date of issue of the 
Pfandbriefe. The Exchange Date shall not 
be earlier than 40 days after the date of 
issue. Such exchange shall only be made 
upon delivery of certifications to the effect 
that the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Pfandbriefe is not a U.S. person (other than 
certain financial institutions or certain 
persons holding Pfandbriefe through such 
financial institutions). Payment of interest 
on 
Pfandbriefe 
represented 
by 
a 
Temporary Global Note will be made only 
after delivery of such certifications. A 
separate certification shall be required in 
respect of each such payment of interest. 
Any such certification received on or after 
the 40th day after the date of issue of the 
Pfandbriefe will be treated as a request to 
exchange the Temporary Global Note 
pursuant to paragraph (b) of this § 1(3). 
Any Pfandbriefe delivered in exchange for 
the Temporary Global Note shall be 
delivered only outside of the United States 
(as defined in § 4 (4)). 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Pfandbriefen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Pfandbriefe have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, 
Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank S A/N V, 
Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brüssel, Belgien als Betreiberin des Euroclear 
Systems ("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear 
jeweils 
ein 
"ICSD" 
und 
zusammen 
die 
"ICSDs")][anderes 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank S A/N 
V, Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium as operator of the Euroclear 
System ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an 
"ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")][other Clearing 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
Die Pfandbriefe werden in Form einer classical 
global note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von einem 
common depository im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt. 
The Pfandbriefe are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common depository on behalf of both ICSDs.

--- Page 162 ---
- 157 - 
 
(5) Gläubiger von Pfandbriefen. "Gläubiger" 
bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils 
oder anderen Rechts an den Pfandbriefen.] 
(5) Holder of Pfandbriefe. "Holder" means any 
holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Pfandbriefe.] 
§ 2 
STATUS 
§ 2 
STATUS 
Die 
Pfandbriefe 
begründen 
unmittelbare, 
unbedingte 
und 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander 
gleichrangig sind. Die Pfandbriefe sind nach 
Maßgabe des Pfandbriefgesetzes gedeckt und 
stehen mindestens im gleichen Rang mit allen 
anderen Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus 
Hypothekenpfandbriefen. 
The obligations under the Pfandbriefe constitute 
direct, 
unconditional 
and 
unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu among 
themselves. The Pfandbriefe are covered in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Pfandbrief 
Act 
(Pfandbriefgesetz) and rank at least pari passu with 
all other obligations of the Issuer under Mortgage 
Pfandbriefe. 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
Die folgenden Absätze (1) und (2) sind nur auf 
festverzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar, die nicht 
Step-Up bzw. Step-Down Pfandbriefe sind: 
The following paragraphs (1) and (2) shall only 
apply to Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe, which are not 
Step-up / Step-down Pfandbriefe: 
[(1) 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Die 
Pfandbriefe 
werden 
bezogen 
auf 
ihren 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
verzinst, 
und 
zwar 
vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 definiert) (ausschließlich) 
mit [Zinssatz] % per annum. Die Zinsen sind 
nachträglich am [Zinszahlungstag(e)] eines jeden 
Jahres zahlbar (jeweils ein "Zinszahlungstag"). 
Die 
erste 
Zinszahlung 
erfolgt 
am 
[erster 
Zinszahlungstag][(kurzer erster Kupon)][(langer 
erster Kupon)], der letzte dem Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehende 
Zinszahlungstag 
ist 
der 
[Fälligkeitstag vorausgehender Zinszahlungstag] 
[(kurzer letzter Kupon)][(langer letzter Kupon)], 
wobei 
der 
Fälligkeitstag 
ebenfalls 
ein 
Zinszahlungstag ist. 
[(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. 
The Pfandbriefe shall bear interest on their 
aggregate principal amount at the rate of [Rate of 
Interest] per cent. per annum from [Interest 
Commencement Date] (including) to the Maturity 
Date (as defined in § 5) (excluding). Interest shall 
be payable in arrear on [Interest Date(s)] in each 
year (each such date, an "Interest Payment Date"). 
The first payment of interest shall be made on [First 
Interest Payment Date][(short first coupon)][(long 
first 
coupon)], 
the 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
immediately preceding the Maturity Date is 
[Interest Date preceding the Maturity Date] [(short 
last coupon)][(long last coupon)], whereas the 
Maturity Date is also an Interest Payment Date. 
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen. Vorbehaltlich eines 
Rückkaufs und der Entwertung der Pfandbriefe 
endet der Zinslauf der Pfandbriefe am Ende des 
Tages, der dem Tag der Fälligkeit vorangeht. 
Sofern es die Emittentin aus irgendeinem Grund 
unterlässt, die zur Tilgung fälliger Pfandbriefe 
erforderlichen Beträge rechtzeitig und in voller 
Höhe beim Clearingsystem bereitzustellen, läuft die 
Zinsverpflichtung auf den offenen Kapitalbetrag 
dieser Pfandbriefe so lange weiter, bis dieser 
Kapitalbetrag gezahlt ist, jedoch keinesfalls über 
den 14. Tag nach dem Tag hinaus, an dem die 
erforderlichen Beträge dem Clearingsystem zur 
Verfügung gestellt worden sind und dies gemäß 
§ 10 bekannt gemacht worden ist.] 
(2) Accrual of Interest. Subject to a purchase and 
cancellation of the Pfandbriefe, the Pfandbriefe will 
cease to bear interest at the end of the day preceding 
the date of maturity. Should the Issuer for any 
reason whatsoever fail to provide to the Clearing 
System, when due, the necessary funds for the 
redemption of the Pfandbriefe, then interest on the 
outstanding principal amount of such Pfandbriefe 
will continue to accrue until the payment of such 
principal has been effected, however not beyond the 
fourteenth day after the date on which the necessary 
funds have been provided to the Clearing System 
and notice thereof has been given by publication in 
accordance with § 10.]

--- Page 163 ---
- 158 - 
 
Die folgenden Absätze (1) und (2) sind nur auf 
Step-Up bzw. Step-Down Pfandbriefe anwendbar: 
The following paragraphs (1) and (2) shall only 
apply to Step-up / Step-down Pfandbriefe: 
[(1) 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Die 
Pfandbriefe 
werden 
bezogen 
auf 
ihren 
Gesamtnennbetrag verzinst, und zwar 
[(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. 
The Pfandbriefe shall bear interest on their 
aggregate principal amount 
vom [Verzinsungsbeginn] (einschließlich) bis zum 
[Datum] (ausschließlich) mit [Zinssatz] % per 
annum; 
at the rate of [Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum 
from [Interest Commencement Date] (including) 
to [Date] (excluding); 
[vom [Datum] (einschließlich) bis zum [Datum] 
(ausschließlich) mit [Zinssatz] % per annum;(13)] 
[at the rate of [Rate of Interest] per cent. per annum 
from [Date] (including) to [Date] (excluding);(14)] 
und vom [Datum] (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 definiert) (ausschließlich) 
mit [Zinssatz] % per annum. 
and from [Date] (including) to the Maturity Date 
(as defined in § 5) (excluding) at the rate of [Rate 
of Interest] cent. per annum. 
Die 
Zinsen 
sind 
nachträglich 
am 
[Zinszahlungstage(e)] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Zinszahlungstag"). 
Die 
erste 
Zinszahlung 
erfolgt 
am 
[erster 
Zinszahlungstag][(kurzer erster Kupon)][(langer 
erster Kupon)], der letzte dem Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehende 
Zinszahlungstag 
ist 
der 
[Fälligkeitstag vorausgehender Zinszahlungstag] 
[(kurzer letzter Kupon)][(langer letzter Kupon)], 
wobei 
der 
Fälligkeitstag 
ebenfalls 
ein 
Zinszahlungstag ist. 
Interest shall be payable in arrear on [Interest 
Date(s)] in each year (each such date, an "Interest 
Payment Date"). The first payment of interest shall 
be made on [First Interest Payment Date][(short 
first coupon)][(long first coupon)], the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Maturity 
Date is [Interest Date preceding the Maturity 
Date] [(short last coupon)][(long last coupon)], 
whereas the Maturity Date is also an Interest 
Payment Date. 
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen. Vorbehaltlich eines 
Rückkaufs und der Entwertung der Pfandbriefe 
endet der Zinslauf der Pfandbriefe am Ende des 
Tages, der dem Tag der Fälligkeit vorangeht. 
Sofern es die Emittentin aus irgendeinem Grund 
unterlässt, die zur Tilgung fälliger Pfandbriefe 
erforderlichen Beträge rechtzeitig und in voller 
Höhe beim Clearingsystem bereitzustellen, läuft die 
Zinsverpflichtung auf den offenen Kapitalbetrag 
dieser Pfandbriefe so lange weiter, bis dieser 
Kapitalbetrag gezahlt ist, jedoch keinesfalls über 
den 14. Tag nach dem Tag hinaus, an dem die 
erforderlichen Beträge dem Clearingsystem zur 
Verfügung gestellt worden sind und dies gemäß 
§ 10 bekannt gemacht worden ist.] 
(2) Accrual of Interest. Subject to a purchase and 
cancellation of the Pfandbriefe, the Pfandbriefe will 
cease to bear interest at the end of the day preceding 
the date of maturity. Should the Issuer for any 
reason whatsoever fail to provide to the Clearing 
System, when due, the necessary funds for the 
redemption of the Pfandbriefe, then interest on the 
outstanding principal amount of such Pfandbriefe 
will continue to accrue until the payment of such 
principal has been effected, however not beyond the 
fourteenth day after the date on which the necessary 
funds have been provided to the Clearing System 
and notice thereof has been given by publication in 
accordance with § 10.] 
(3) Berechnung der Zinsen für Teile von 
Zeiträumen. Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum von 
weniger als einem Jahr zu berechnen sind, erfolgt 
die 
Berechnung 
auf 
der 
Grundlage 
des 
Zinstagequotienten (wie nachfolgend definiert). 
(3) Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If 
interest is required to be calculated for a period of 
less than a full year, such interest shall be calculated 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined 
below). 
(4) 
Zinstagequotient. 
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung von 
Zinsbeträgen für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
(4) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" 
means with regard to the calculation of the amount 
of interest for any period of time (the "Calculation 
Period"): 
 
(13)  Weitere Zeiträume nach Bedarf einfügen. 
(14)  Insert further periods if needed.

--- Page 164 ---
- 159 - 
 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur auf festverzinsliche 
Pfandbriefe anwendbar, deren Zinstagequotient 
Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) ist: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to Fixed 
Rate Pfandbriefe where Day Count Fraction 
Actual/Actual ICMA rule 251 is applicable: 
[Wenn (a) der Zinsberechnungszeitraum kürzer 
oder gleich der Feststellungsperiode ist, in die das 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
diesem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch das Produkt 
aus 
(i) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
dieser 
Feststellungsperiode und (ii) der Anzahl der 
Feststellungstage in einem Kalenderjahr; oder 
wenn (b) der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger ist 
als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das Ende des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, die Summe aus: 
[If (a) the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter 
than the Determination Period during which the 
Calculation Period ends, the number of days in such 
Calculation Period divided by the product of (i) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and 
(ii) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; or if (b) the Calculation 
Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Calculation Period ends, the sum 
of: 
(i) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, die in die 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, in welcher der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt 
durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der 
Tage in dieser Feststellungsperiode und (2) 
der Anzahl der Feststellungstage in einem 
Kalenderjahr; und 
(i) 
the number of days in such Calculation 
Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Calculation Period begins 
divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, die in die 
nächstfolgende 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
dieser 
Feststellungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstage 
in 
einem 
Kalenderjahr. 
(ii) 
the number of days in such Calculation 
Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination 
Period 
and 
(2) 
the 
number 
of 
Determination Dates that would occur in 
one calendar year. 
"Feststellungsperiode" bedeutet der Zeitraum von 
einem Feststellungstag (einschließlich) bis zu dem 
nächstfolgenden Feststellungstag (ausschließlich); 
dies schließt dann, wenn der Verzinsungsbeginn 
kein Feststellungstag ist, den Zeitraum ein, der an 
dem 
ersten 
Feststellungstag 
vor 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn anfängt, und dann, wenn der 
letzte Zinszahlungstag kein Feststellungstag ist, den 
Zeitraum ein, der an dem ersten Feststellungstag 
nach dem letzten Zinszahlungstag endet. 
"Determination Period" means the period from a 
Determination Date (including) to the next 
Determination Date (excluding), where the Interest 
Commencement Date is not a Determination Date, 
the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to the Interest Commencement Date, and 
where the final Interest Payment Date is not a 
Determination Date, the first Determination Date 
falling after the final Interest Payment Date. 
"Feststellungstag" bedeutet [Tag, Monat] eines 
jeden Jahres.] 
"Determination Date" means [day, month] in each 
year.] 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur auf festverzinsliche 
Pfandbriefe anwendbar, deren Zinstagequotient 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ist: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to Fixed 
Rate Pfandbriefe where Day Count Fraction 
Actual/365 (Fixed) is applicable: 
[Die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 365.] 
[The actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.]

--- Page 165 ---
- 160 - 
 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur auf festverzinsliche 
Pfandbriefe anwendbar, deren Zinstagequotient 
Actual/360 ist: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to Fixed 
Rate Pfandbriefe where Day Count Fraction 
Actual/360 is applicable: 
[Die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360.] 
[The actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360.] 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur auf festverzinsliche 
Pfandbriefe anwendbar, deren Zinstagequotient 
30/360 ist: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to Fixed 
Rate Pfandbriefe where Day Count Fraction 
30/360 is applicable: 
[Die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360, 
wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines 
Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 
Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (a) der letzte Tag 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag 
eines Monates, während der erste Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf den 30. noch 
auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, in welchem Fall 
der diesen Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 
30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (b) 
der letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt 
auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar, in 
welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
[The number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day 
months (unless (a) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of 
the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th 
or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that 
includes that last day shall not be considered to be 
shortened to a 30-day month, or (b) the last day of 
the Calculation Period is the last day of the month 
of February in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month).] 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1) Zahlungen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Zahlungen 
von Kapital und Zinsen auf die Pfandbriefe 
erfolgen 
nach 
Maßgabe 
des 
nachstehenden 
Absatzes 2 an das Clearingsystem oder dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
(1) Payment of Principal and Interest. Payment of 
principal and interest in respect of the Pfandbriefe 
shall be made, subject to paragraph (2) below, to 
the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System. 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur auf festverzinsliche 
Pfandbriefe anwendbar, die anfänglich durch 
eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to Fixed 
Rate Pfandbriefe which are initially represented 
by a Temporary Global Note: 
[Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Pfandbriefe, die durch 
die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt 
nach Maßgabe von Absatz 2 an das Clearingsystem 
oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten 
der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, 
und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung 
gemäß § 1 Absatz 3(b).] 
[Payment of interest on Pfandbriefe represented by 
the Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject 
to paragraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its 
order for credit to the accounts of the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System, upon due 
certification as provided in § 1(3)(b).] 
(2) 
Zahlungsweise. 
Vorbehaltlich 
geltender 
steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen 
und Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen 
auf die Pfandbriefe in [Festgelegte Währung]. 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal 
and other laws and regulations, payments of 
amounts due in respect of the Pfandbriefe shall be 
made in [Specified Currency]. 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung 
der Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder dessen 
Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) Vereinigte Staaten. Für die Zwecke dieser 
Bedingungen bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" die 
Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich 
(4) United States. For the purposes of these 
Conditions "United States" means the United 
States of America (including the States thereof and

--- Page 166 ---
- 161 - 
 
deren Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) 
sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto 
Ricos, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana 
Islands). 
the District of Columbia) and its possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
(5) Zahltag. Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer 
Zahlung in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf 
einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der 
Gläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nächsten Zahltag. Der Gläubiger ist nicht 
berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen 
aufgrund dieses Zahlungsaufschubes zu verlangen. 
(5) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment 
of any amount in respect of any Pfandbrief is not a 
Payment Business Day then the Holder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next Payment Business 
Day and shall not be entitled to further interest or 
other payment in respect of such delay. 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem (i) 
[das Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System (TARGET2) 
und] [die Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
[relevantes Finanzzentrum] und] (ii) das Clearing 
System Zahlungen abwickeln. 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" 
means any day which is a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which (i) [the Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express 
Transfer system (TARGET2) and] [commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets in [relevant 
Financial Centre] and] (ii) the Clearing System 
settle payments. 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht 
Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu 
hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb 
von zwölf Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger 
sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine 
solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf das Recht der 
Rücknahme 
verzichtet 
wird, 
erlöschen 
die 
diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen 
die Emittentin. 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer 
may deposit with the local court (Amtsgericht) in 
Frankfurt am Main principal or interest not claimed 
by Holders within twelve months after the Maturity 
Date, even though such Holders may not be in 
default of acceptance of payment. If and to the 
extent that the deposit is effected and the right of 
withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such 
Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
Der 
folgende 
Absatz (7) 
ist 
nur 
auf 
festverzinsliche 
Pfandbriefe 
anwendbar, 
bei 
denen die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Pfandbriefe vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen: 
The following paragraph (7) shall only apply to 
Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe which are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
(7) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital. Bezugnahmen in 
diesen 
Bedingungen 
auf 
das 
Kapital 
der 
Pfandbriefe 
schließen 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) der Pfandbriefe mit ein. 
[(7) References to Principal. References in these 
Conditions to principal in respect of the Pfandbriefe 
shall be deemed to include the Call Redemption 
Amount of the Pfandbriefe.] 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
[(1)] 
(a) 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. 
Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz 
oder teilweise zurückgezahlt oder 
angekauft und entwertet, werden 
die 
Pfandbriefe 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
am 
[Fälligkeitstag] 
(der 
"Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. 
[(1)] 
(a) 
Final 
Redemption. 
Unless 
previously redeemed in whole or 
in part or purchased and cancelled, 
the Pfandbriefe shall be redeemed 
at their Final Redemption Amount 
on 
[Maturity 
Date] 
(the 
"Maturity Date"). 
(b) 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
bei 
Endfälligkeit. 
Die 
Pfandbriefe 
werden zu ihrem Nennbetrag 
zurückgezahlt (Rückzahlung zu 
(b) 
Final Redemption Amount. The 
Pfandbriefe are redeemed at their 
principal amount (redemption at

--- Page 167 ---
- 162 - 
 
par) 
(der 
"Rückzahlungsbetrag"). 
par) (the "Final Redemption 
Amount"). 
Der 
folgende 
Absatz (2) 
ist 
nur 
auf 
festverzinsliche 
Pfandbriefe 
anwendbar, 
bei 
denen die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Pfandbriefe vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen: 
The following paragraph (2) shall only apply to 
Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe which are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
[(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin. 
[(2) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die Pfandbriefe 
insgesamt oder teilweise am/an den Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) (Call) zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call), 
wie 
nachfolgend angegeben, nebst etwaigen 
bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with clause (b), redeem all or 
some of the Pfandbriefe on the Call 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
at 
the 
Call 
Redemption Amount(s) set forth below 
together with accrued interest, if any, to 
(but excluding) the Call Redemption Date. 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call): [Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call)]. 
Call Redemption Date(s): [Insert Call 
Redemption Date(s)]. 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call): 
Nennbetrag 
des 
Pfandbriefes 
(Rückzahlung zu par) 
Call Redemption Amount(s): The principal 
amount of the Pfandbrief (redemption at 
par) 
(b) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Pfandbriefe durch die Emittentin gemäß 
§ 10 bekannt zu geben. Sie muss die 
folgenden Angaben enthalten: 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Pfandbriefe in 
accordance with § 10. Such notice shall 
specify: 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von 
Pfandbriefen; 
(i) 
the Series of Pfandbriefe subject 
to redemption; 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie 
ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt 
wird und im letzteren Fall den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden Pfandbriefe; 
und 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be 
redeemed in whole or in part only 
and, if in part only, the aggregate 
principal 
amount 
of 
the 
Pfandbriefe which are to be 
redeemed; and 
(iii) 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call), wobei die Kündigung dem 
Gläubiger bis spätestens an dem 
[fünften][anderer maßgeblicher 
Geschäftstag] Geschäftstag (wie 
unten 
definiert) 
vor 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
zugegangen sein muss (wie in 
§ 10 beschrieben). 
(iii) 
the Call Redemption Date; and in 
this connection, the notice of 
redemption shall be received at the 
latest by the Holder (as described 
in § 10) on the [fifth][other 
relevant Business Day] Business 
Day (as defined below) prior to 
the relevant Call Redemption 
Date. 
Für die Zwecke dieses § 5 Absatz (2) 
bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem (i) [das Trans-European Automated 
Real-time 
Gross 
Settlement 
Express 
Transfer System (TARGET2) und] [die 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
In this § 5 (2) "Business Day" means any 
day which is a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which (i) [the Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
system 
(TARGET2) and] [commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets in [relevant

--- Page 168 ---
- 163 - 
 
[relevantes Finanzzentrum] und] (ii) das 
Clearing System Zahlungen abwickeln. 
Financial Centre] and] (ii) the Clearing 
System settle payments. 
(c) 
Wenn die Pfandbriefe nur teilweise 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, 
werden 
die 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Pfandbriefe 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
betreffenden 
Clearingsystems 
ausgewählt.] 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of 
Pfandbriefe, Pfandbriefe to be redeemed 
shall be selected in accordance with the 
rules of the relevant Clearing System.] 
Der 
folgende 
Absatz (d) 
ist 
nur 
auf 
festverzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar, die in 
Form einer NGN begeben werden und bei denen 
die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Pfandbriefe 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen: 
The following paragraph (d) shall only apply to 
Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe which are represented by 
a NGN which are subject to an Early Redemption 
at the Option of a of the Issuer: 
[(d) 
Register 
der 
ICSD. 
Eine 
teilweise 
Rückzahlung wird in den Registern der 
ICSD nach deren Ermessen entweder als 
Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung des 
Nennbetrags wiedergegeben.] 
[(d) 
Records of ICSDs: A partial redemption 
shall be reflected in the records of ICSDs 
at their discretion as either a pool factor or 
a reduction in principal amount.] 
[(2)][(3)] Hinweis gemäß § 6(1) Pfandbriefgesetz in 
der ab dem 8. Juli 2022 geltenden Fassung 
(Bundesgesetzblatt 
Jahrgang 
2021 
Teil I, 
Seite 1063 ff.). Ab dem 1. Juli 2021 besteht für den 
Sachwalter gemäß § 30 (2a) Pfandbriefgesetz für 
ausstehende Pfandbriefe die Möglichkeit einer 
Verschiebung 
der 
Fälligkeiten 
der 
Tilgungszahlungen um bis zu zwölf Monate. 
Weiterhin kann der Sachwalter die Fälligkeit von 
Zinsen, die innerhalb eines Monats nach seiner 
Bestellung fällig werden, auf das Ende dieses 
Monatszeitraums verschieben. Hinausgeschobene 
Beträge 
sind 
für 
die 
Dauer 
der 
Fälligkeitsverschiebung nach den bis zu der 
Verschiebung 
geltenden 
Bedingungen 
zu 
verzinsen. 
Hinausgeschobene 
Zinszahlungen 
gelten dabei als Kapitalbeträge. 
[(2)][(3)] Notice pursuant to Section 6 (1) 
Pfandbrief Act as applicable with effect from 
8 July 2022 (German Federal Law Gazette 2021 
Part I, page 1063 et seqq.). From 1 July 2021, 
pursuant to Section 30 (2a) Pfandbrief Act the cover 
pool administrator (Sachwalter) may extend the 
maturity of outstanding Pfandbriefe by up to twelve 
months. Further, the cover pool administrator may 
defer the payment of any interest due within one 
month of its appointment to the end of this one-
month period. Deferred amounts shall bear interest 
for the duration of the deferral pursuant to the 
conditions applicable until the deferral. Deferred 
interest payments shall be deemed to be principal 
amounts. 
Der Sachwalter darf eine Fälligkeitsverschiebung 
gemäß § 30 (2b) Pfandbriefgesetz nur vornehmen, 
sofern zum Zeitpunkt des Hinausschiebens der 
Fälligkeit (i) das Hinausschieben der Fälligkeit 
erforderlich ist, um die Zahlungsunfähigkeit der 
Pfandbriefbank mit beschränkter Geschäftstätigkeit 
zu vermeiden, (ii) die Pfandbriefbank mit 
beschränkter Geschäftstätigkeit nicht überschuldet 
ist und (iii) Grund zu der Annahme besteht, dass die 
Pfandbriefbank mit beschränkter Geschäftstätigkeit 
jedenfalls 
nach 
Ablauf 
des 
größtmöglichen 
Verschiebungszeitraums unter Berücksichtigung 
weiterer Verschiebungsmöglichkeiten ihre dann 
fälligen Verbindlichkeiten erfüllen kann. 
Pursuant to Section 30 (2b) Pfandbrief Act, the 
cover pool administrator may only extend the 
maturity of outstanding Pfandbriefe provided that 
(i) the extension of the maturity is necessary to 
avoid the illiquidity of the Pfandbriefbank with 
limited business activities (Pfandbriefbank mit 
beschränkter 
Geschäftstätigkeit), 
(ii) 
the 
Pfandbriefbank with limited business activities is 
not over-indebted and (iii) there is reason to believe 
that the Pfandbriefbank with limited business 
activities will be able to meet its liabilities due after 
expiry of the maximum possible extension period, 
taking into account further options to extend the 
maturity. 
Für Fälligkeitsverschiebungen, die den Zeitraum 
von einem Monat nach Ernennung des Sachwalters 
nicht überschreiten, wird das Vorliegen dieser 
Voraussetzungen unwiderlegbar vermutet. 
For the extension of maturity which does not 
exceed one month from the appointment of the 
cover pool administrator, these requirements will 
be deemed irrefutable.

--- Page 169 ---
- 164 - 
 
Der Sachwalter veröffentlicht gemäß § 30 (2c) 
Pfandbriefgesetz 
jedes 
Hinausschieben 
der 
Fälligkeit 
unverzüglich 
unter 
Angabe 
der 
betroffenen 
Pfandbriefemissionen 
sowie 
des 
jeweiligen 
Verschiebungsumfangs 
auf 
der 
Internetseite der Pfandbriefbank bei den nach § 28 
Pfandbriefgesetz 
zu 
der 
betreffenden 
Pfandbriefgattung veröffentlichten Angaben, in 
mindestens 
einem 
überregionalen 
Börsenpflichtblatt sowie im Bundesanzeiger. 
The cover pool administrator will immediately 
publish any extension of maturity pursuant to § 30 
(2c) Pfandbrief Act, stating the affected Pfandbrief 
issues as well as the respective extension amount, 
on the Pfandbriefbank's website under the 
information published pursuant to § 28 Pfandbrief 
Act for the Pfandbrief category concerned, in at 
least one supraregional mandatory stock exchange 
journal as well as in the German Federal Gazette. 
§ 6 
ZAHLSTELLEN 
§ 6 
PAYING AGENTS 
[(1) Fiscal Agent.] Der anfänglich bestellte Fiscal 
Agent und dessen bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
lautet Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Trust & 
Agency 
Services, 
Taunusanlage 
12, 
60325 
Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland. 
[(1) Fiscal Agent.] The initial Fiscal Agent and its 
initial specified office shall be Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Trust & Agency Services, 
Taunusanlage 12, 60325 Frankfurt am Main, 
Federal Republic of Germany. 
Der anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent handelt als 
Zahlstelle in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
The initial Fiscal Agent acts as paying agent in the 
Federal Republic of Germany. 
Der Fiscal Agent behält sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit seine bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch 
eine 
andere 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
in 
Deutschland zu ersetzen. 
The Fiscal Agent reserves the right at any time to 
change its specified office to some other specified 
office in the Federal Republic of Germany. 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
die Bestellung des Fiscal Agent zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und einen anderen Fiscal Agent zu 
bestellen. Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung 
oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam 
(außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche 
Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die 
Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § 10 vorab unter 
Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 30 und nicht 
mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent and 
to appoint another Fiscal Agent. Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only take 
effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it 
shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 
nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall 
have been given to the Holders in accordance with 
§ 10. 
Der Fiscal Agent handelt ausschließlich als 
Erfüllungsgehilfe der Emittentin und übernimmt 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihm 
und 
den 
Gläubigern begründet. 
The Fiscal Agent acts solely as the agent of the 
Issuer and does not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust for any Holder. 
Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt einen 
Fiscal Agent handelnd als Zahlstelle in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland unterhalten. 
The Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent 
acting as paying agent in the Federal Republic of 
Germany. 
Solange die Pfandbriefe zum Handel an einem 
regulierten Markt zugelassen sind, wird die 
Emittentin zu jedem Zeitpunkt eine Zahlstelle mit 
bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle an solchen Orten 
unterhalten, die die Regeln dieser Börse verlangen. 
So long as the Pfandbriefe are traded on a regulated 
market, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent 
with a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules of such stock exchange.

--- Page 170 ---
- 165 - 
 
Der 
folgende 
Absatz (2) 
ist 
nur 
auf 
festverzinsliche 
Pfandbriefe 
anwendbar, 
bei 
denen eine weitere Zahlstelle bestellt ist: 
The following paragraph (2) shall only apply to 
Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe where an Additional 
Paying Agent is appointed: 
[(2) Weitere Zahlstelle. Die anfänglich bestellte 
Zahlstelle und deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
lautet 
[Zahlstelle 
und 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle]. 
[(2) Additional Paying Agent. The initial Paying 
Agent and its initial specified office shall be 
[Paying Agent and specified office]. 
Jede Zahlstelle behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
ihre bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch eine andere 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in Deutschland zu 
ersetzen. 
Each Paying Agent reserves the right at any time to 
change its specified office to some other specified 
office in the Federal Republic of Germany. 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
die Bestellung der Zahlstelle zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und eine andere Zahlstelle zu bestellen. 
Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein 
sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im 
Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort 
wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger hierüber 
gemäß § 10 vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen 
informiert wurden. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Paying Agent and 
to appoint another Paying Agent. Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only take 
effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it 
shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 
nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall 
have been given to the Holders in accordance with 
§ 10. 
Jede 
Zahlstelle 
handelt 
ausschließlich 
als 
Erfüllungsgehilfe der Emittentin und übernimmt 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihr 
und 
den 
Gläubigern begründet.] 
Each Paying Agent acts solely as the agent of the 
Issuer and does not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust for any Holder.] 
Der 
folgende 
Absatz ([2][3]) 
ist 
nur 
auf 
festverzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar, deren 
Währung US-Dollar ist: 
The following paragraph ([2][3]) shall only apply 
in the case of payments in U.S. dollars: 
[([2][3]) Einführung von Beschränkungen. Falls 
Zahlungen bei den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen 
aller Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten 
aufgrund 
der 
Einführung 
von 
Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen 
Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden 
Beträge 
in 
US-Dollar 
widerrechtlich 
oder 
tatsächlich ausgeschlossen werden, die Emittentin 
zum Zeitpunkt der Bestellung der Zahlstelle aber 
davon ausgehen durfte, dass die Zahlstelle 
Zahlungen in US-Dollar machen kann, wird die 
Emittentin 
eine 
Zahlstelle 
mit 
bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle in New York City unterhalten.] 
[([2][3]) Imposition of Restrictions. If payments at 
or through the offices of all Paying Agents outside 
the United States become illegal or are effectively 
precluded because of the imposition of exchange 
controls or similar restrictions on the full payment 
or receipt of such amounts in United States dollars 
but the Issuer had a reasonable expectation that 
such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
in U.S. dollars when they were appointed, a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in New York City.] 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
Sämtliche auf die Pfandbriefe zu zahlenden Beträge 
sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von oder aufgrund 
von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder 
sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, 
die von oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder für 
Rechnung 
einer 
dort 
zur 
Steuererhebung 
All amounts payable in respect of the Pfandbriefe 
shall be made without withholding or deduction for 
or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by way 
of withholding or deduction by or on behalf of the 
Federal Republic of Germany or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein

--- Page 171 ---
- 166 - 
 
ermächtigten Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde in 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland auferlegt oder 
erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt 
oder Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. 
having power to tax unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. 
Unbeschadet 
sonstiger 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Bedingungen, ist die Emittentin zum Einbehalt oder 
Abzug der Beträge berechtigt, die gemäß §§ 1471 
bis 1474 des U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
(einschließlich 
dessen 
Änderungen 
oder 
Nachfolgevorschriften), gemäß zwischenstaatlicher 
Abkommen, 
gemäß 
den 
in 
einer 
anderen 
Rechtsordnung in Zusammenhang mit diesen 
Bestimmungen 
erlassenen 
Durchführungsvorschriften oder gemäß mit dem 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service geschlossenen 
Verträgen ("FATCA Quellensteuer") erforderlich 
sind als Folge davon, dass eine andere Person als 
die Emittentin oder deren Zahlstelle nicht zum 
Empfang 
von 
Zahlungen 
ohne 
FATCA 
Quellensteuer berechtigt ist. Die Emittentin ist 
nicht verpflichtet, zusätzliche Beträge zu zahlen 
oder einen Investor in Bezug auf FATCA 
Quellensteuer schadlos zu halten, die von der 
Emittentin, einer Zahlstelle oder von einem anderen 
Beteiligten abgezogen oder einbehalten wurden. 
FATCA steht für den U.S. Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act. 
Notwithstanding any other provisions in these 
Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to 
withhold or deduct any amounts required by the 
rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 
through 1474 (or any amended or successor 
provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental 
agreement, or implementing legislation adopted by 
another jurisdiction in connection with these 
provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the 
U.S. 
Internal 
Revenue 
Service 
("FATCA 
withholding") as a result of a holder, beneficial 
owner or an intermediary that is not an agent of the 
Issuer not being entitled to receive payments free of 
FATCA withholding. The Issuer will have no 
obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise 
indemnify an investor for any such FATCA 
withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the 
paying agent or any other party. FATCA means the 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Pfandbriefe auf zehn 
Jahre verkürzt. 
The presentation period provided in § 801 
paragraph 1, sentence 1 BGB (German Civil Code) 
is reduced to ten years for the Pfandbriefe. 
§ 9 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER PFANDBRIEFE 
UND RÜCKKAUF 
§ 9 
FURTHER ISSUES 
AND PURCHASES 
(1) Begebung weiterer Pfandbriefe. Die Emittentin 
ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne Zustimmung der 
Gläubiger 
weitere 
Pfandbriefe 
mit 
gleicher 
Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des 
Tags der Begebung, des Betrags, der ersten darauf 
zu 
leistenden 
Zinszahlung 
und/oder 
des 
Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass sie 
mit diesen Pfandbriefe eine einheitliche Serie 
bilden. 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to 
time, without the consent of the Holders, issue 
further Pfandbriefe having the same terms and 
conditions as the Pfandbriefe in all respects (or in 
all respects except for the issue date, the amount, 
the first payment of interest on them and/or issue 
price) so as to form a single Series with the 
Pfandbriefe. 
(2) Rückkauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
jederzeit Pfandbriefe im Markt oder anderweitig zu 
jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der 
Emittentin erworbenen Pfandbriefe können nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin 
von 
ihr 
gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder bei dem Fiscal Agent zwecks 
Entwertung eingereicht werden. Sofern diese Käufe 
durch öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, muss dieses 
Angebot allen Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase 
in the open market or otherwise and at any price. 
Pfandbriefe purchased by the Issuer may, at the 
option of the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered 
to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If purchases are 
made by tender, tenders for such Pfandbriefe must 
be made available to all Holders of such 
Pfandbriefe alike.

--- Page 172 ---
- 167 - 
 
§ 10 
MITTEILUNGEN 
§ 10 
NOTICE 
(1) 
Bekanntmachung. 
Alle 
die 
Pfandbriefe 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen 
werden 
im 
Bundesanzeiger 
veröffentlicht. 
Falls 
eine 
Veröffentlichung im Bundesanzeiger nicht möglich 
ist, werden die Mitteilungen in einem deutschen 
Börsenpflichtblatt, voraussichtlich der Börsen-
Zeitung veröffentlicht. Jede derartige Mitteilung 
gilt am Tag der Veröffentlichung (oder bei 
mehreren Veröffentlichungen am Tag der ersten 
solchen Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt. 
(1) Publication. All notices concerning the 
Pfandbriefe shall be published in the Federal 
Gazette (Bundesanzeiger). If publication in the 
Federal Gazette is not possible, the notices shall be 
published in a newspaper authorized by the stock 
exchanges in Germany (Börsenpflichtblatt). This 
newspaper is expected to be the Börsen-Zeitung. 
Any notice so given will be deemed to have been 
validly given on the date of such publication (or, if 
published more than once, on the date of the first 
such publication). 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
anstelle 
der 
Veröffentlichung nach Absatz 1, eine Mitteilung an 
das Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die 
Gläubiger zu übermitteln, vorausgesetzt, die 
Regeln der Börse, an der die Pfandbriefe notiert 
sind, lassen diese Form der Mitteilung zu. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem 
Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den 
Gläubigern mitgeteilt. 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer 
may, in lieu of the publication set forth in 
subparagraph (1) above, deliver the relevant notice 
to the Clearing System, for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Holder, provided that the 
rules of the stock exchange on which the 
Pfandbriefe are listed permit such form of notice. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
to the Holders on the seventh day after the day on 
which the said notice was given to the Clearing 
System. 
(3) 
Mitteilungen 
in 
Luxemburg. 
Falls 
die 
Pfandbriefe im regulierten Markt der Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse zugelassen sind, werden die 
Pfandbriefe betreffenden Mitteilungen auch auf der 
Internetseite 
der 
Luxemburger 
Börse, 
www.bourse.lu, 
veröffentlicht. 
Falls 
eine 
Veröffentlichung auf der Internetseite nicht 
möglich ist, werden die Mitteilungen in einer 
führenden 
Tageszeitung 
mit 
allgemeiner 
Verbreitung 
in 
Luxemburg 
veröffentlicht, 
voraussichtlich dem Tageblatt (Luxemburg). Jede 
derartige 
Mitteilung 
gilt 
am 
Tag 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen am Tag der ersten solchen 
Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt. 
(3) Notices in Luxembourg. If the Pfandbriefe are 
listed on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, all notices concerning the 
Pfandbriefe shall also be published on the website 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange, 
www.bourse.lu. If publication on this website is not 
possible, the notices shall be published in a leading 
daily newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg. This newspaper is expected to be the 
Tageblatt (Luxembourg). Any notice so given will 
be deemed to have been validly given on the date of 
such publication (or, if published more than once, 
on the date of the first such publication). 
Der 
folgende 
Absatz (4) 
ist 
nur 
auf 
festverzinsliche 
Pfandbriefe 
anwendbar, 
bei 
denen 
eine 
zusätzliche 
Veröffentlichung 
erforderlich ist: 
The following paragraph (4) shall only apply to 
Fixed 
Rate 
Pfandbriefe 
where 
additional 
publications are required: 
[(4) 
Weitere 
Veröffentlichungen. 
Alle 
die 
Pfandbriefe betreffenden Mitteilungen werden 
darüber hinaus in [Medium] veröffentlicht. Jede 
derartige 
Mitteilung 
gilt 
am 
Tag 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen am Tag der ersten solchen 
Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt.] 
[(4) 
Additional 
Publications. 
All 
notices 
concerning the Pfandbriefe shall also be published 
in [Medium]. Any notice so given will be deemed 
to have been validly given on the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on the 
date of the first such publication).]

--- Page 173 ---
- 168 - 
 
§ 11 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTLICHE 
GELTENDMACHUNG 
UND GERICHTSSTAND 
§ 11  
GOVERNING LAW, PLACE OF 
JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der 
Pfandbriefe sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der 
Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in 
jeder Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
(1) Governing Law. The Pfandbriefe, as to form and 
content, and all rights and obligations of the 
Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed in every 
respect by German law. 
(2) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger 
von 
Pfandbriefen 
ist 
berechtigt, 
in 
jedem 
Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem 
Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger und die 
Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Pfandbriefen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden 
Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu machen: 
(2) Enforcement. Any Holder of Pfandbriefe may in 
any proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such 
Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and 
enforce in his own name his rights arising under 
such Pfandbriefe on the basis of: 
(a) 
Er 
bringt 
eine 
Bescheinigung 
der 
Depotbank bei, bei der er für die 
Pfandbriefe ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, 
welche (i) den vollständigen Namen und 
die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers 
enthält, (ii) den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Pfandbriefe bezeichnet, die unter dem 
Datum 
der 
Bestätigung 
auf 
dem 
Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (iii) 
bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber 
dem Clearingsystem eine schriftliche 
Erklärung 
abgegeben 
hat, 
die 
die 
vorstehend unter (i) und (ii) bezeichneten 
Informationen 
enthält 
und 
einen 
Bestätigungsvermerk des Clearingsystems 
trägt; und 
(a) 
a statement issued by the Custodian with 
whom such Holder maintains a securities 
account in respect of the Pfandbriefe (i) 
stating the full name and address of the 
Holder, (ii) specifying the aggregate 
principal amount of Pfandbriefe credited to 
such securities account on the date of such 
statement and (iii) confirming that the 
Custodian has given written notice to the 
Clearing 
System 
containing 
the 
information pursuant to (i) and (ii) which 
has been confirmed by the Clearing 
System; and 
(b) 
er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden 
Pfandbriefe verbriefenden Globalurkunde 
vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem 
Original 
eine 
vertretungsberechtigte 
Person des Clearingsystems oder des 
Verwahrers des Clearingsystems bestätigt 
hat, 
ohne 
dass 
eine 
Vorlage 
der 
Originalbelege oder der die Pfandbriefe 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem 
solchen Verfahren erforderlich wäre. 
(b) 
a copy of the Pfandbrief in global form 
certified as being a true copy by a duly 
authorized officer of the Clearing System 
or a depository of the Clearing System, 
without the need for production in such 
proceedings of the actual records or the 
global note representing the Pfandbriefe. 
Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet 
"Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges 
anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und 
bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für 
die Pfandbriefe unterhält und ein Konto beim 
Clearingsystem 
unterhält, 
einschließlich 
des 
Clearingsystems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden 
kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den 
Pfandbriefen auch auf jede andere Weise schützen 
oder geltend machen, die im Land des Rechtsstreits 
prozessual zulässig ist. 
For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means 
any bank or other financial institution of recognized 
standing authorized to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Pfandbriefe and 
which maintains an account with the Clearing 
System, and includes the Clearing System. Each 
Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, 
protect and enforce his rights under these 
Pfandbriefe also in any other way which is admitted 
in Proceedings in the country in which the 
Proceedings take place. 
(3) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig 
für 
sämtliche 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit den 
(3) Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court 
(Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main shall have non-

--- Page 174 ---
- 169 - 
 
Pfandbriefen entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige 
Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") 
ist 
das 
Landgericht Frankfurt am Main. 
exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Pfandbriefe. 
§ 12 
SPRACHE 
§ 12 
LANGUAGE 
Diese Bedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist 
bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist unverbindlich. 
These Conditions are written in the German 
language and provided with an English language 
translation. The German text shall be controlling 
and binding. The English language translation is 
provided for convenience only.

--- Page 175 ---
- 170 - 
 
OPTION V 
– 
Emissionsbedingungen für 
variabel verzinsliche Pfandbriefe 
OPTION V – Terms and Conditions for Floating 
Rate Pfandbriefe 
 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
(1) Währung; Stückelung. Diese Serie von 
Hypothekenpfandbriefen (die "Pfandbriefe") der 
Oldenburgische Landesbank Aktiengesellschaft 
(die 
"Emittentin") 
wird 
in 
[Währung] 
("[Abkürzung Währung]") (die "Festgelegte 
Währung") 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
von 
[Abkürzung Währung] [Gesamtnennbetrag] (in 
Worten: 
[Währung] 
[Gesamtnennbetrag 
in 
Worten]) in einer Stückelung von [Abkürzung 
Währung] [festgelegte Stückelung](
15
) (die 
"Festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of 
Mortgage Pfandbriefe (the "Pfandbriefe") of 
Oldenburgische Landesbank Aktiengesellschaft 
(the "Issuer") is being issued in [Currency] 
("[Abbreviation of Currency]") (the "Specified 
Currency") in the aggregate principal amount of 
[Abbreviation of Currency] [aggregate principal 
amount] (in words: 
[Currency] [aggregate 
principal amount in words]) in the denomination 
of 
[Abbreviation 
of 
Currency] 
[Specified 
Denomination] (
16
) 
(the 
"Specified 
Denomination"). 
(2) Form. Die Pfandbriefe lauten auf den Inhaber 
und sind durch eine oder mehrere Globalurkunden 
verbrieft (jede eine "Globalurkunde"). 
(2) Form. The Pfandbriefe are being issued in 
bearer form and represented by one or more global 
Pfandbriefe (each a "Global Note"). 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (5) sind nur auf 
variabel verzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar, die 
von Anfang an durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde 
verbrieft sind und durch Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt ("CBF") verwahrt werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (5) shall only 
apply to Floating Rate Pfandbriefe which are 
initially represented by a Permanent Global Note 
and are kept in custody by Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt ("CBF"): 
[(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Pfandbriefe sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und ist 
von dem Fiscal Agent oder in dessen Namen mit 
einer Kontrollunterschrift und einer Unterschrift 
des 
von 
der 
Bundesanstalt 
für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) bestellten 
Treuhänders 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden 
und 
Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
[(3) Permanent Global Note. The Pfandbriefe are 
represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The 
Permanent Global Note shall be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent 
and shall be signed by the trustee appointed by the 
Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin). 
Definitive Pfandbriefe and interest coupons will not 
be issued. 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Pfandbriefen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Pfandbriefe have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, 
Deutschland 
("CBF")][anderes 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, Germany ("CBF")][other Clearing 
 
(15) Die Mindeststückelung der Pfandbriefe, die begeben werden, ist EUR 1.000 oder mindestens ein am Tag der Begebung diesem 
Betrag entsprechender Betrag in einer anderen Währung. 
(16) The minimum denomination of the Pfandbriefe issued will be EUR 1,000 or at least the corresponding amount in any other 
currency as of the issue date.

--- Page 176 ---
- 171 - 
 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie 
jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
(5) Gläubiger von Pfandbriefen. "Gläubiger" 
bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils 
oder anderen Rechts an den Pfandbriefen.] 
(5) Holder of Pfandbriefe. "Holder" means any 
holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Pfandbriefe.] 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (6) sind nur auf 
variabel verzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar, die 
in Form einer Neuen Globalurkunde ("NGN") 
begeben werden und die von Anfang an durch 
eine Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind und 
durch "ICSDs" verwahrt werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (6) shall only 
apply to Floating Rate Pfandbriefe which are 
represented by a new global note ("NGN") and 
which are initially represented by a Permanent 
Global Note and are kept in custody by "ICSDs": 
[(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Pfandbriefe sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und ist 
von dem Fiscal Agent oder in dessen Namen mit 
einer 
Kontrollunterschrift, 
sowie 
mit 
der 
eigenhändigen Unterschrift eines bevollmächtigten 
Vertreters des gemeinsamen Wertpapierverwahrers 
(common safekeeper) und einer Unterschrift des 
von 
der 
Bundesanstalt 
für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) bestellten 
Treuhänders 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden 
und 
Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
[(3) Permanent Global Note. The Pfandbriefe are 
represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The 
Permanent Global Note shall be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent as 
well as manually signed by an authorized 
representative of the common safekeeper and shall 
be signed by the trustee appointed by the Federal 
Financial 
Supervisory 
Authority 
(BaFin). 
Definitive Pfandbriefe and interest coupons will not 
be issued. 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Pfandbriefen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Pfandbriefe have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, 
Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank S A/N V, 
Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brüssel, Belgien als Betreiberin des Euroclear 
Systems ("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear 
jeweils 
ein 
"ICSD" 
und 
zusammen 
die 
"ICSDs")][anderes 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank S A/N 
V, Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium as operator of the Euroclear 
System ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an 
"ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")][other Clearing 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
Die Pfandbriefe werden in Form einer new global 
note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von einem 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrer 
(common 
safekeeper) im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
The Pfandbriefe are issued in new global note 
("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
(5) Register der ICSDs. Der Nennbetrag der durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Pfandbriefe 
entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider 
ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register 
der ICSDs (unter denen man die Register versteht, 
die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres Anteils an den Pfandbriefen führt) sind 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe, 
und eine zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils 
(5) Records of the ICSDs. The nominal amount of 
Pfandbriefe represented by the Global Note shall be 
the aggregate amount from time to time entered in 
the records of both ICSDs. The records of the 
ICSDs (which expression means the records that 
each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customer's interest in the 
Pfandbriefe) shall be conclusive evidence of the 
nominal amount of Pfandbriefe represented by the 
Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement

--- Page 177 ---
- 172 - 
 
ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Nennbetrag 
der so verbrieften Pfandbriefe ist ein schlüssiger 
Nachweis über den Inhalt des Registers des 
jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
issued by a ICSD stating the nominal amount of 
Pfandbriefe so represented at any time shall be 
conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant 
ICSD at that time. 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung bezüglich 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Pfandbriefe bzw. bei Kauf und Entwertung der 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe 
stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten 
über Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf und 
Löschung bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in 
die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und 
dass nach dieser Eintragung vom Nennbetrag der in 
die Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch 
die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. 
gekauften und entwerteten Pfandbriefe abgezogen 
wird. 
On any redemption or interest being made in 
respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any of 
the Pfandbriefe represented by the Global Note the 
Issuer shall procure that details of any redemption, 
payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case 
may be) in respect of the Global Note shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs and, 
upon any such entry being made, the nominal 
amount of the Pfandbriefe recorded in the records 
of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note 
shall be reduced by the aggregate nominal amount 
of the Pfandbriefe so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled. 
(6) Gläubiger von Pfandbriefen. "Gläubiger" 
bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils 
oder anderen Rechts an den Pfandbriefen.] 
(6) Holder of Pfandbriefe. "Holder" means any 
holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Pfandbriefe.] 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (5) sind nur auf 
variabel verzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar, die 
in Form einer Klassischen Globalurkunde 
("CGN") begeben werden und die von Anfang an 
durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind 
und durch ein oder mehrere "ICSDs" verwahrt 
werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (5) shall only 
apply to Floating Rate Pfandbriefe which are 
represented by a classical global note ("CGN") 
and which are initially represented by a 
Permanent Global Note and are kept in custody by 
one or more "ICSDs": 
[(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Pfandbriefe sind 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und ist 
von dem Fiscal Agent oder in dessen Namen mit 
einer Kontrollunterschrift und einer Unterschrift 
des 
von 
der 
Bundesanstalt 
für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) bestellten 
Treuhänders 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden 
und 
Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
[(3) Permanent Global Note. The Pfandbriefe are 
represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The 
Permanent Global Note shall be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent 
and shall be signed by the trustee appointed by the 
Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin). 
Definitive Pfandbriefe and interest coupons will not 
be issued. 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Pfandbriefen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Pfandbriefe have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, 
Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank S A/N V, 
Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brüssel, Belgien als Betreiberin des Euroclear 
Systems ("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear 
jeweils 
ein 
"ICSD" 
und 
zusammen 
die 
"ICSDs")][anderes 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank S A/N 
V, Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium as operator of the Euroclear 
System ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an 
"ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")][other Clearing 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity.

--- Page 178 ---
- 173 - 
 
Die Pfandbriefe werden in Form einer classical 
global note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von einem 
common depository im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt. 
The Pfandbriefe are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common depository on behalf of both ICSDs. 
(5) Gläubiger von Pfandbriefen. "Gläubiger" 
bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils 
oder anderen Rechts an den Pfandbriefen.] 
(5) Holder of Pfandbriefe. "Holder" means any 
holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Pfandbriefe.] 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (5) sind nur auf 
variabel verzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar, die 
anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind und durch Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt ("CBF") verwahrt werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (5) shall only 
apply to Floating Rate Pfandbriefe s which are 
kept in custody by Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt ("CBF") and which are initially 
represented by a Temporary Global Note: 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) 
Die Pfandbriefe sind anfänglich durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde (die "vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
wird gegen Pfandbriefe in der festgelegten 
Stückelung, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin 
und sind jeweils von dem Fiscal Agent 
oder 
in 
dessen 
Namen 
mit 
einer 
Kontrollunterschrift und einer Unterschrift 
des 
von 
der 
Bundesanstalt 
für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht 
(BaFin) 
bestellten 
Treuhänders 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
(a) 
The Pfandbriefe are initially represented 
by 
a 
temporary 
global 
note 
(the 
"Temporary Global Note") without 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note will 
be exchangeable for Pfandbriefe in the 
Specified Denomination represented by a 
permanent global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note") without coupons. The 
details of such exchange shall be entered in 
the records of the ICSD. The Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global 
Note shall each be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and 
shall each be authenticated by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent and shall be signed by 
the trustee appointed by the Federal 
Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin). 
Definitive 
Pfandbriefe 
and 
interest 
coupons will not be issued. 
(b) 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an 
einem Tag (der "Austauschtag") gegen 
die Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der 
nicht mehr als 180 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung der Pfandbriefe liegt. Der 
Austauschtag soll nicht weniger als 40 
Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung liegen. 
Ein solcher Austausch darf nur nach 
Vorlage von Bescheinigungen erfolgen, 
wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer der Pfandbriefe keine U. S.-
Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, 
die Pfandbriefe über solche Finanzinstitute 
halten). Solange die Pfandbriefe durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
werden Zinszahlungen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher Bescheinigungen vorgenommen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede 
solche Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchanged for the Permanent Global Note 
on a date (the "Exchange Date") not later 
than 180 days after the date of issue of the 
Pfandbriefe. The Exchange Date shall not 
be earlier than 40 days after the date of 
issue. Such exchange shall only be made 
upon delivery of certifications to the effect 
that the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Pfandbriefe is not a U.S. person (other than 
certain financial institutions or certain 
persons holding Pfandbriefe through such 
financial institutions). Payment of interest 
on 
Pfandbriefe 
represented 
by 
a 
Temporary Global Note will be made only 
after delivery of such certifications. A 
separate certification shall be required in 
respect of each such payment of interest. 
Any such certification received on or after 
the 40th day after the date of issue of the 
Pfandbriefe will be treated as a request to 
exchange the Temporary Global Note

--- Page 179 ---
- 174 - 
 
Pfandbriefe eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen 
behandelt 
werden, 
diese 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde gemäß Absatz (b) dieses 
§ 1 Absatz (3) auszutauschen. Pfandbriefe, 
die im Austausch für die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, dürfen 
nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie 
in § 4 Absatz (4) definiert) geliefert 
werden. 
pursuant to paragraph (b) of this § 1(3). 
Any Pfandbriefe delivered in exchange for 
the Temporary Global Note shall be 
delivered only outside of the United States 
(as defined in § 4 (4)). 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Pfandbriefen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Pfandbriefe have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, 
Deutschland 
("CBF")][anderes 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie 
jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, Germany ("CBF")][other Clearing 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
(5) Gläubiger von Pfandbriefen. "Gläubiger" 
bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils 
oder anderen Rechts an den Pfandbriefen.] 
(5) Holder of Pfandbriefe. "Holder" means any 
holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Pfandbriefe.] 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (6) sind nur auf 
variabel verzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar, die 
in Form einer Neuen Globalurkunde ("NGN") 
begeben werden und die anfänglich durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind und 
durch "ICSDs" verwahrt werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (6) shall only 
apply to Floating Rate Pfandbriefe which are 
represented by a new global note ("NGN") and 
which are initially represented by a Temporary 
Global Note and are kept in custody by "ICSDs": 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
[(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) 
Die Pfandbriefe sind anfänglich durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde (die "vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
wird gegen Pfandbriefe in der festgelegten 
Stückelung, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. 
Die 
Einzelheiten 
eines 
solchen 
Austausches 
werden 
in 
die 
Aufzeichnungen der ICSD aufgenommen. 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin 
und sind jeweils von dem Fiscal Agent 
oder 
in 
dessen 
Namen 
mit 
einer 
Kontrollunterschrift, 
sowie 
mit 
der 
eigenhändigen 
Unterschrift 
eines 
bevollmächtigten 
Vertreters 
des 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrers 
(common 
safekeeper) 
und 
einer 
Unterschrift des von der Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht 
(BaFin) 
bestellten 
Treuhänders 
versehen. 
(a) 
The Pfandbriefe are initially represented 
by 
a 
temporary 
global 
note 
(the 
"Temporary Global Note") without 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note will 
be exchangeable for Pfandbriefe in the 
Specified Denomination represented by a 
permanent global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note") without coupons. The 
details of such exchange shall be entered in 
the records of the ICSD. The Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global 
Note shall each be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and 
shall each be authenticated by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent as well as manually 
signed by an authorized representative of 
the common safekeeper and shall be signed 
by the trustee appointed by the Federal 
Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin). 
Definitive 
Pfandbriefe 
and 
interest 
coupons will not be issued.

--- Page 180 ---
- 175 - 
 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
(b) 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an 
einem Tag (der "Austauschtag") gegen 
die Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der 
nicht mehr als 180 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung der Pfandbriefe liegt. Der 
Austauschtag soll nicht weniger als 40 
Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung liegen. 
Ein solcher Austausch darf nur nach 
Vorlage von Bescheinigungen erfolgen, 
wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer der Pfandbriefe keine U. S.-
Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, 
die Pfandbriefe über solche Finanzinstitute 
halten). Solange die Pfandbriefe durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
werden Zinszahlungen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher Bescheinigungen vorgenommen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede 
solche Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
Pfandbriefe eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen 
behandelt 
werden, 
diese 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde gemäß Absatz (b) dieses 
§ 1 Absatz (3) auszutauschen. Pfandbriefe, 
die im Austausch für die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, dürfen 
nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie 
in § 4 Absatz (4) definiert) geliefert 
werden. 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchanged for the Permanent Global Note 
on a date (the "Exchange Date") not later 
than 180 days after the date of issue of the 
Pfandbriefe. The Exchange Date shall not 
be earlier than 40 days after the date of 
issue. Such exchange shall only be made 
upon delivery of certifications to the effect 
that the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Pfandbriefe is not a U.S. person (other than 
certain financial institutions or certain 
persons holding Pfandbriefe through such 
financial institutions). Payment of interest 
on 
Pfandbriefe 
represented 
by 
a 
Temporary Global Note will be made only 
after delivery of such certifications. A 
separate certification shall be required in 
respect of each such payment of interest. 
Any such certification received on or after 
the 40th day after the date of issue of the 
Pfandbriefe will be treated as a request to 
exchange the Temporary Global Note 
pursuant to paragraph (b) of this § 1(3). 
Any Pfandbriefe delivered in exchange for 
the Temporary Global Note shall be 
delivered only outside of the United States 
(as defined in § 4 (4)). 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Pfandbriefen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Pfandbriefe have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, 
Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank S A/N V, 
Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brüssel, Belgien als Betreiberin des Euroclear 
Systems ("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear 
jeweils 
ein 
"ICSD" 
und 
zusammen 
die 
"ICSDs")][anderes 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank S A/N 
V, Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium as operator of the Euroclear 
System ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an 
"ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")][other Clearing 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
Die Pfandbriefe werden in Form einer new global 
note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von einem 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrer 
(common 
safekeeper) im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
The Pfandbriefe are issued in new global note 
("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
(5) Register der ICSDs. Der Nennbetrag der durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Pfandbriefe 
entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider 
ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register 
der ICSDs (unter denen man die Register versteht, 
(5) Records of the ICSDs. The nominal amount of 
Pfandbriefe represented by the Global Note shall be 
the aggregate amount from time to time entered in 
the records of both ICSDs. The records of the 
ICSDs (which expression means the records that

--- Page 181 ---
- 176 - 
 
die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres Anteils an den Pfandbriefen führt) sind 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe, 
und eine zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Nennbetrag 
der so verbrieften Pfandbriefe ist ein schlüssiger 
Nachweis über den Inhalt des Registers des 
jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customer's interest in the 
Pfandbriefe) shall be conclusive evidence of the 
nominal amount of Pfandbriefe represented by the 
Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement 
issued by a ICSD stating the nominal amount of 
Pfandbriefe so represented at any time shall be 
conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant 
ICSD at that time. 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung bezüglich 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Pfandbriefe bzw. bei Kauf und Entwertung der 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe 
stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten 
über Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf und 
Löschung bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in 
die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und 
dass nach dieser Eintragung vom Nennbetrag der in 
die Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch 
die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. 
gekauften und entwerteten Pfandbriefe abgezogen 
wird. 
On any redemption or interest being made in 
respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any of 
the Pfandbriefe represented by the Global Note the 
Issuer shall procure that details of any redemption, 
payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case 
may be) in respect of the Global Note shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs and, 
upon any such entry being made, the nominal 
amount of the Pfandbriefe recorded in the records 
of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note 
shall be reduced by the aggregate nominal amount 
of the Pfandbriefe so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled. 
Bei Austausch eines Anteils von ausschließlich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Pfandbriefen wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass 
die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro rata in die 
Aufzeichnungen der ICSDs aufgenommen werden. 
On an exchange of a portion only of the Pfandbriefe 
represented by a Temporary Global Note, the Issuer 
shall procure that details of such exchange shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs. 
(6) Gläubiger von Pfandbriefen. "Gläubiger" 
bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils 
oder anderen Rechts an den Pfandbriefen.] 
(6) Holder of Pfandbriefe. "Holder" means any 
holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Pfandbriefe.] 
Die folgenden Absätze (3) bis (5) sind nur auf 
variabel verzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar, die 
in Form einer Klassischen Globalurkunde 
("CGN") begeben werden und die anfänglich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft 
sind und durch "ICSDs" verwahrt werden: 
The following paragraphs (3) to (5) shall only 
apply to Floating Rate Pfandbriefe which are 
represented by a classical global note ("CGN") 
and which are initially represented by a 
Temporary Global Note and are kept in custody by 
"ICDS": 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) 
Die Pfandbriefe sind anfänglich durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde (die "vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
wird gegen Pfandbriefe in der festgelegten 
Stückelung, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. 
Die 
Einzelheiten 
eines 
solchen 
Austausches 
werden 
in 
die 
Aufzeichnungen der ICSD aufgenommen. 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die 
Unterschriften 
zweier 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin 
und sind jeweils von dem Fiscal Agent 
(a) 
The Pfandbriefe are initially represented 
by 
a 
temporary 
global 
note 
(the 
"Temporary Global Note") without 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note will 
be exchangeable for Pfandbriefe in the 
Specified Denomination represented by a 
permanent global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note") without coupons. The 
details of such exchange shall be entered in 
the records of the ICSD. The Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global 
Note shall each be signed by two 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and 
shall each be authenticated by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent and shall be signed by 
the trustee appointed by the Federal 
Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin).

--- Page 182 ---
- 177 - 
 
oder 
in 
dessen 
Namen 
mit 
einer 
Kontrollunterschrift und einer Unterschrift 
des 
von 
der 
Bundesanstalt 
für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht 
(BaFin) 
bestellten 
Treuhänders 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
Definitive 
Pfandbriefe 
and 
interest 
coupons will not be issued. 
(b) 
Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an 
einem Tag (der "Austauschtag") gegen 
die Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der 
nicht mehr als 180 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung der Pfandbriefe liegt. Der 
Austauschtag soll nicht weniger als 40 
Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung liegen. 
Ein solcher Austausch darf nur nach 
Vorlage von Bescheinigungen erfolgen, 
wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer der Pfandbriefe keine U.S.-
Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, 
die Pfandbriefe über solche Finanzinstitute 
halten). Solange die Pfandbriefe durch eine 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
werden Zinszahlungen erst nach Vorlage 
solcher Bescheinigungen vorgenommen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede 
solche Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
Pfandbriefe eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen 
behandelt 
werden, 
diese 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde gemäß Absatz (b) dieses 
§ 1 Absatz (3) auszutauschen. Pfandbriefe, 
die im Austausch für die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, dürfen 
nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie 
in § 4 Absatz (4) definiert) geliefert 
werden. 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchanged for the Permanent Global Note 
on a date (the "Exchange Date") not later 
than 180 days after the date of issue of the 
Pfandbriefe. The Exchange Date shall not 
be earlier than 40 days after the date of 
issue. Such exchange shall only be made 
upon delivery of certifications to the effect 
that the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Pfandbriefe is not a U.S. person (other than 
certain financial institutions or certain 
persons holding Pfandbriefe through such 
financial institutions). Payment of interest 
on 
Pfandbriefe 
represented 
by 
a 
Temporary Global Note will be made only 
after delivery of such certifications. A 
separate certification shall be required in 
respect of each such payment of interest. 
Any such certification received on or after 
the 40th day after the date of issue of the 
Pfandbriefe will be treated as a request to 
exchange the Temporary Global Note 
pursuant to paragraph (b) of this § 1(3). 
Any Pfandbriefe delivered in exchange for 
the Temporary Global Note shall be 
delivered only outside of the United States 
(as defined in § 4 (4)). 
(4) Clearingsystem. Die Dauerglobalurkunde wird 
solange von einem oder im Namen eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt, 
bis 
sämtliche 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Pfandbriefen erfüllt sind. 
(4) Clearing System. The Permanent Global Note 
will be kept in custody by or on behalf of the 
Clearing System until all obligations of the Issuer 
under the Pfandbriefe have been satisfied. 
"Clearingsystem" bedeutet [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, 
Luxemburg ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank S A/N V, 
Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brüssel, Belgien als Betreiberin des Euroclear 
Systems ("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear 
jeweils 
ein 
"ICSD" 
und 
zusammen 
die 
"ICSDs")][anderes 
Clearingsystem, 
Adresse] 
sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [Clearstream Banking, 
S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank S A/N 
V, Brüssel, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium as operator of the Euroclear 
System ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an 
"ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")][other Clearing 
System, address] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
Die Pfandbriefe werden in Form einer classical 
global note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von einem 
common depository im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt. 
The Pfandbriefe are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common depository on behalf of both ICSDs.

--- Page 183 ---
- 178 - 
 
(5) Gläubiger von Pfandbriefen. "Gläubiger" 
bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils 
oder anderen Rechts an den Pfandbriefen.] 
(5) Holder of Pfandbriefe. "Holder" means any 
holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Pfandbriefe.] 
§ 2 
STATUS 
§ 2 
STATUS 
Die 
Pfandbriefe 
begründen 
unmittelbare, 
unbedingte 
und 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander 
gleichrangig sind. Die Pfandbriefe sind nach 
Maßgabe des Pfandbriefgesetzes gedeckt und 
stehen mindestens im gleichen Rang mit allen 
anderen Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus 
Hypothekenpfandbriefen. 
The obligations under the Pfandbriefe constitute 
direct, 
unconditional 
and 
unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu among 
themselves. The Pfandbriefe are covered in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Pfandbrief 
Act 
(Pfandbriefgesetz) and rank at least pari passu with 
all other obligations of the Issuer under Mortgage 
Pfandbriefe. 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Zinszahlungstage. 
(1) Interest Payment Dates. 
(a) 
Die Pfandbriefe werden bezogen auf ihren 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
ab 
dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] (einschließlich) (der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
und 
danach 
von 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) verzinst. 
Zinsen auf die Pfandbriefe sind an jedem 
Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
(a) 
The Pfandbriefe bear interest on their 
aggregate principal amount from [Interest 
Commencement Date] (including) (the 
"Interest Commencement Date") to the 
first Interest Payment Date (excluding) and 
thereafter from each Interest Payment Date 
(including) to the next following Interest 
Payment Date (excluding). Interest on the 
Pfandbriefe shall be payable on each 
Interest Payment Date. 
(b) 
"Zinszahlungstag" 
bedeutet 
jeder 
[Zinszahlungstage], 
der 
erste 
Zinszahlungstag 
ist 
der 
[erster 
Zinszahlungstag] 
(der 
"erste 
Zinszahlungstag"). 
(b) 
"Interest Payment Date" means each 
[Interest Payment Dates], the first Interest 
Payment Date is [First Interest Payment 
Date] (the "First Interest Payment 
Date"). 
Der folgende Absatz (c) ist nur auf variabel 
verzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar, bei denen 
die Zinsperioden angepasst werden und deren 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
die 
Folgender-
Geschäftstag-Konvention ist: 
The following paragraph (c) shall only apply to 
Floating Rate Pfandbriefe where the Interest 
Periods are adjusted and the applicable Business 
Day Convention is the Following Business Day 
Convention: 
[(c) 
Fällt ein in Absatz 1 (b) festgelegter 
Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der kein 
Geschäftstag (wie nachfolgend definiert) 
ist, so wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den 
nachfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben. 
Der Gläubiger hat Anspruch auf weitere 
Zinszahlung für jeden zusätzlichen Tag, 
um den der Zinszahlungstag nach hinten 
verschoben wird.] 
[(c) 
If any Interest Payment Date as specified 
in paragraph 1 (b) would otherwise fall on 
a day which is not a Business Day (as 
defined below), it shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day. The 
Holder is entitled to further interest for 
each additional day the Interest Payment 
Date is postponed.]

--- Page 184 ---
- 179 - 
 
Der folgende Absatz (c) ist nur auf variabel 
verzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar, bei denen 
die Zinsperioden angepasst werden und deren 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
die 
Modifizierte-
Folgender-Geschäftstag-Konvention ist: 
The following paragraph (c) shall only apply to 
Floating Rate Pfandbriefe where the Interest 
Periods are adjusted and the applicable Business 
Day Convention is the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention: 
[(c) 
Fällt ein in Absatz 1 (b) festgelegter 
Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der kein 
Geschäftstag (wie nachfolgend definiert) 
ist, so wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den 
nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben, 
es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den 
nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem 
Fall wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den 
unmittelbar vorhergehenden Geschäftstag 
vorgezogen. Der Gläubiger hat Anspruch 
auf weitere Zinszahlungen für jeden 
zusätzlichen 
Tag, 
um 
den 
der 
Zinszahlungstag nach hinten verschoben 
wird. Für den Fall jedoch, in dem der 
Zinszahlungstag 
auf 
den 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen 
wird, so hat der Gläubiger nur Anspruch 
auf Zinsen bis zum so vorgezogenen 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich), nicht 
jedoch bis zum in Absatz 1 (b) festgelegten 
Zinszahlungstag.] 
[(c) 
If any Interest Payment Date as specified 
in paragraph 1 (b) would otherwise fall on 
a day which is not a Business Day (as 
defined below), it shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event the Interest Payment 
Date shall be the immediately preceding 
Business Day. The Holder is entitled to 
further interest for each additional day the 
Interest Payment Date is postponed. 
However, in the event that the Interest 
Payment Date is brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day, the 
Holder will only be entitled to interest until 
the Interest Payment Date so brought 
forward (excluding) and not until the 
Interest Payment Date as specified in 
paragraph 1 (b).] 
Der folgende Absatz (c) ist nur auf variabel 
verzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar, bei denen 
die Zinsperioden angepasst werden und deren 
Geschäftstagekonvention die Vorangegangener-
Geschäftstag-Konvention ist: 
The following paragraph (c) shall only apply to 
Floating Rate Pfandbriefe where the Interest 
Periods are adjusted and the applicable Business 
Day Convention is the Preceding Business Day 
Convention: 
[(c) 
Fällt ein in Absatz 1 (b) festgelegter 
Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der kein 
Geschäftstag (wie nachfolgend definiert) 
ist, so wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den 
unmittelbar vorhergehenden Geschäftstag 
vorgezogen. Wird der Zinszahlungstag auf 
den 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden 
Geschäftstag vorgezogen, so hat der 
Gläubiger nur Anspruch auf Zinsen bis 
zum so vorgezogenen Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich), nicht jedoch bis zum in 
Absatz 1 
(b) 
festgelegten 
Zinszahlungstag.] 
[(c) 
If any Interest Payment Date as specified 
in paragraph 1 (b) would otherwise fall on 
a day which is not a Business Day (as 
defined below), it shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business 
Day. If the Interest Payment Date is 
brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day, the Holder will 
only be entitled to interest until the Interest 
Payment 
Date 
so 
brought 
forward 
(excluding) and not until the Interest 
Payment 
Date 
as 
specified 
in 
paragraph 1 (b).] 
Der folgende Absatz (c) ist nur auf variabel 
verzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar, bei denen 
die Zinsperioden nicht angepasst werden: 
The following paragraph (c) shall only apply to 
Floating Rate Pfandbriefe where the Interest 
Periods are unadjusted: 
[(c) 
Fällt ein in Absatz 1 (b) festgelegter 
Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der kein 
Geschäftstag (wie nachfolgend definiert) 
ist, so wird die Zahlung der Zinsen (aber 
nicht der Zinszahlungstag selbst) auf den 
nachfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben. 
Den Gläubigern stehen keine weiteren 
[(c) 
If any Interest Payment Date as specified 
in paragraph 1 (b) would otherwise fall on 
a day which is not a Business Day (as 
defined below), the payment of interest 
(but not the Interest Payment Date itself) 
shall be postponed to the next day which is 
a Business Day. The Holder shall not be

--- Page 185 ---
- 180 - 
 
Zinsen 
aufgrund 
einer 
solchen 
Verschiebung der Zahlung zu.] 
entitled to further interest in respect of such 
delay.] 
(d) 
In diesem § 3 bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem (i) [das Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System (TARGET2) 
und] 
[die 
Geschäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte in [Stockholm] [anderes 
relevantes Finanzzentrum einfügen] und] 
(ii) das Clearing System Zahlungen 
abwickeln. 
(d)  
In this § 3, "Business Day" means any day 
which is a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which (i) [the Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross settlement 
Express Transfer system (TARGET2) and] 
[commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets 
in 
[Stockholm][insert 
other 
relevant Financial Centre] and] (ii) the 
Clearing System settle payments. 
(2) Zinssatz. 
(2) Rate of Interest. 
(a) 
Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für die 
jeweilige Zinsperiode (wie nachfolgend 
definiert) wird von der Berechnungsstelle 
(wie in § 6 definiert) gemäß folgender 
Formel bestimmt: 
(a) 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") 
for each Interest Period (as defined below) 
is determined by the Calculation Agent (as 
defined in § 6) in accordance with the 
following formula: 
[Referenzsatz 
[[zuzüglich][abzüglich] 
Marge]] 
[Reference Rate [[plus][minus] Margin]] 
[X multipliziert mit Referenzsatz plus Y] 
[X multiplied with Reference Rate plus Y] 
[Y plus X multipliziert mit (Referenzsatz(1) 
minus Referenzsatz(2))] 
[Y plus X multiplied with (Reference 
Rate(1) minus Reference Rate(2))] 
"Referenzsatz[(1)]" ist, sofern nachfolgend 
nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, der 
Angebotssatz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz 
per annum) für Einlagen in Euro mit einer 
Laufzeit von [Anzahl Wochen/Monate 
einfügen] beginnend am selben Tag wie 
die 
jeweilige 
Zinsperiode 
(die 
"Maßgebliche Laufzeit[(1)]"), der auf der 
Bildschirmseite 
(wie 
nachfolgend 
definiert) am Zinsfestlegungstag (wie 
nachfolgend definiert) gegen 11.00 Uhr 
(Brüsseler Ortszeit) angezeigt wird, wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
"Reference 
Rate[(1)]" 
is, 
except 
as 
provided below, the offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for deposits in Euro with a maturity of 
[insert weeks/months] commencing on the 
same day as the relevant Interest Period 
(the "Relevant Period[(1)]") which appears 
on the Screen Page (as defined below) as 
of 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
Interest Determination Date (as defined 
below), 
all 
as 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent. 
["Referenzsatz(2)" ist, sofern nachfolgend 
nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, der 
Angebotssatz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz 
per annum) für Einlagen in Euro mit einer 
Laufzeit von [Anzahl Wochen/Monate 
einfügen] beginnend am selben Tag wie 
die 
jeweilige 
Zinsperiode 
(die 
"Maßgebliche Laufzeit(2)"), der auf der 
Bildschirmseite 
(wie 
nachfolgend 
definiert) am Zinsfestlegungstag (wie 
nachfolgend definiert) gegen 11.00 Uhr 
(Brüsseler Ortszeit) angezeigt wird, wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle erfolgen.] 
["Reference Rate(2)" is, except as provided 
below, the offered quotation (expressed as 
a percentage rate per annum) for deposits 
in Euro with a maturity of [insert 
weeks/months] commencing on the same 
day as the relevant Interest Period (the 
"Relevant Period(2)") which appears on 
the Screen Page (as defined below) as of 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date (as defined below), all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent.]

--- Page 186 ---
- 181 - 
 
[Die "Marge" beträgt [●] % per annum.] 
[The 
"Margin" 
is 
[●] per cent. 
per 
annum.] 
["X" ist [plus][minus] [●] % per annum. 
["X" is [plus][minus] per cent. per annum. 
"Y" ist [0][[plus][minus] [●] % per 
annum.]] 
"Y" is [0][[plus][minus] per cent. per 
annum.]] 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet jeweils den 
Zeitraum 
vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauf 
folgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
"Interest Period" means each period from 
the 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
(including) to the first Interest Payment 
Date (excluding) and from each Interest 
Payment Date (including) to the following 
Interest Payment Date (excluding). 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[zweiten][anderer 
relevanter 
Tag] 
TARGET-Geschäftstag vor [Beginn der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode][dem jeweiligen 
Zinszahlungstag]. 
"Interest Determination Date" means the 
[second][other relevant day] TARGET-
Business Day prior to the [commencement 
of the relevant Interest Period][respective 
Interest Payment Date]. 
"TARGET-Geschäftstag" 
bezeichnet 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem das Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System (TARGET2) 
Zahlungen abwickelt. 
"TARGET Business Day" means a day on 
which 
TARGET2 
(Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
System) 
settles 
payments. 
"Bildschirmseite" bedeutet [Bildschirm-
seite]. 
"Screen Page" means [relevant screen 
page]. 
(b) 
Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite 
nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder wird der 
Referenzsatz [(1), bzw. der Referenzsatz(2)] 
nicht angezeigt (in jedem dieser Fälle zu 
der 
genannten 
Zeit) 
und 
ist 
kein 
Benchmark 
Ereignis 
im 
Sinne 
von 
Absatz [5][6][7] eingetreten, wird die 
Berechnungsstelle die Emittentin hierüber 
informieren und die Emittentin (die der 
Berechnungsstelle die Angebotssätze zur 
Verfügung 
stellt) 
wird 
von 
den 
Referenzbanken 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) deren jeweilige Angebotssätze 
(jeweils als Prozentsatz 
per annum 
ausgedrückt) 
für 
Einlagen 
in 
der 
festgelegten Währung für die Maßgebliche 
Laufzeit[(1), 
bzw. 
die 
Maßgebliche 
Laufzeit(2)] in einer Höhe, die repräsentativ 
ist für eine solche Interbanken-Markt 
Einzeltransaktion im Interbankenmarkt in 
der Euro-Zone (wie nachstehend definiert), 
gegenüber 
erstklassigen 
Banken 
jeweiligen Interbanken-Markt um ca. 
11.00 
Uhr 
Brüsseler 
Ortszeit 
am 
Zinsfestlegungstag anfordern. Falls zwei 
oder 
mehr 
Referenzbanken 
der 
Berechnungsstelle solche Angebotssätze 
für die Maßgebliche Laufzeit[(1), bzw. die 
Maßgebliche Laufzeit(2)] nennen, ist der 
(b) 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no 
such quotation for the Reference Rate[(1) or 
the case may be, the Reference Rate(2)] 
appears (in each case as at such time), and 
if no Benchmark Event occurs in 
accordance with paragraph ([5][6][7]), the 
Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer 
hereof and the Issuer shall request each of 
the Reference Banks (as defined below) to 
provide the Issuer (who shall provide to the 
Calculation Agent) with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for the Relevant Period[(1) or the 
case may be, Relevant Period(2)] in an 
amount that is representative for such a 
single interbank market transaction in the 
interbank market in the Euro Zone (as 
defined below) to prime banks in the 
relevant interbank market at approximately 
11.00 a. m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations for the 
Relevant Period[(1) or the case may be, 
Relevant Period(2)] the Reference Rate[(1) 
or the case may be, Reference Rate(2)] for 
such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded up- or downwards if

--- Page 187 ---
- 182 - 
 
Referenzsatz[(1), bzw. der Referenzsatz(2)] 
für die betreffende Zinsperiode das 
arithmetische Mittel dieser Angebotssätze 
(falls erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet 
auf das nächste ein Tausendstel Prozent, 
wobei 0,0005 aufgerundet wird), wobei die 
Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle 
erfolgen. 
necessary to the nearest one thousandth of 
a percentage point, with 0.0005 being 
rounded 
upwards) 
of 
such 
offered 
quotations, 
as 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent. 
Falls 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag nur eine oder keine der 
ausgewählten 
Referenzbanken 
der 
Emittentin (die der Berechnungsstelle die 
Angebotssätze zur Verfügung stellt) die im 
vorstehenden 
Absatz beschriebenen 
Angebotssätze 
für 
die 
Maßgebliche 
Laufzeit[(1), 
bzw. 
die 
Maßgebliche 
Laufzeit(2)] nennt, ist der Angebotssatz für 
die Maßgebliche Laufzeit[(1), bzw. die 
Maßgebliche Laufzeit(2)] der Satz per 
annum, den die Berechnungsstelle als das 
arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, 
auf- oder abgerundet auf das nächste 
Tausendstel 
Prozent, 
wobei 
0,0005 
aufgerundet wird) der Sätze ermittelt, die 
von der Emittentin nach Treu und Glauben 
ausgewählte 
Großbanken 
im 
Interbankenmarkt der Berechnungsstelle 
über die Emittentin auf Anfrage der 
Emittentin als den jeweiligen Satz nennen, 
zu dem sie um 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler 
Ortszeit) 
am 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
Darlehen 
in 
der 
Festgelegten 
Währung 
mit 
der 
Maßgeblichen 
Laufzeit[(1), 
bzw. 
die 
Maßgebliche Laufzeit(2)] und über einen 
repräsentativen 
Betrag 
gegenüber 
führenden europäischen Banken anbieten. 
If on the relevant Interest Determination 
Day only one or none of the Reference 
Banks provide(s) the Issuer (who provides 
the Calculation Agent) with such offered 
quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph for the Relevant Period[(1) or as 
the case may be, Relevant Period(2)], the 
offered 
quotation 
for 
the 
Relevant 
Period[(1) or as the case may be, Relevant 
Period(2)] shall be the rate per annum which 
the Calculation Agent determines as being 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary 
to the nearest one thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.0005 being 
rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to the Calculation Agent by 
the Issuer at the request of the Issuer by 
major banks in the Euro-Zone interbank 
market, selected by the Issuer acting in 
good faith, at which such banks offer, as at 
11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Day, loans in the 
Specified Currency for the Relevant 
Period[(1) or as the case may be, Relevant 
Period(2)] and in a representative amount to 
leading European banks. 
Wenn der Angebotssatz nicht nach 
Maßgabe der vorstehenden Bestimmungen 
in diesem Absatz (b) ermittelt werden 
kann, so ist der Angebotssatz für die 
Maßgebliche 
Laufzeit[(1), 
bzw. 
die 
Maßgebliche 
Laufzeit(2)] 
derjenige 
Angebotssatz, 
wie 
er 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite an dem letzten Tag vor 
dem jeweiligen Zinsfestlegungstag, an 
dem der Angebotssatz für die Maßgebliche 
Laufzeit[(1), 
bzw. 
die 
Maßgebliche 
Laufzeit(2)] 
noch 
angezeigt 
wurde, 
angezeigt worden ist. 
If the offered quotation cannot be 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
foregoing provisions in this paragraph (b), 
the offered quotation for the Relevant 
Period[(1) or as the case may be, Relevant 
Period(2)] shall be the offered quotation as 
displayed on the Screen Page on the last 
day preceding the Interest Determination 
Date on which such quotations for the 
Relevant Period[(1) or as the case may be, 
Relevant Period(2)] were offered. 
"Referenzbanken" bezeichnet diejenigen 
Niederlassungen 
von 
vier 
führenden 
Banken im Interbankenmarkt in der Euro-
Zone. 
"Reference Banks" means those offices of 
four major banks in the interbank market in 
the Euro Zone. 
"Euro-Zone" 
bezeichnet 
das 
Gebiet 
derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten 
der 
Europäischen Union, die gemäß dem 
"Euro-Zone" means the region comprised 
of those member states of the European 
Union that have adopted, or will have

--- Page 188 ---
- 183 - 
 
Vertrag 
über 
die 
Gründung 
der 
Europäischen 
Gemeinschaft 
(unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 1957), 
geändert durch den Vertrag über die 
Europäische Union (unterzeichnet in 
Maastricht am 7. Februar 1992) und den 
Amsterdamer 
Vertrag 
vom 
2. Oktober 1997, in seiner jeweiligen 
Fassung, 
eine 
einheitliche 
Währung 
eingeführt haben oder jeweils eingeführt 
haben werden. 
adopted from time to time, the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty 
establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as 
amended by the Treaty on European Union 
(signed in Maastricht on 7 February 1992) 
and 
the 
Amsterdam 
Treaty 
of 
2 October 1997, as further amended from 
time to time. 
Der folgende Absatz (c) ist nur auf variabel 
verzinsliche Pfandbriefe mit dem Geldmarktsatz 
Euribor als Referenzsatz anwendbar, sofern der 
Verzinsungsbeginn keinem als Zinszahlungstag 
definierten Termin entspricht und soweit die 
Interpolation von Referenzsätzen anwendbar ist: 
The following paragraph (c) shall only apply to 
Floating Rate Pfandbriefe with the Euribor 
money market rate as Reference Rate, where the 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
does 
not 
correspond to a date defined as an Interest 
Payment Date and if the interpolation of reference 
rates is applicable: 
[(c)  
Der anwendbare Referenzsatz für die 
Zinsperiode 
vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) wird von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
durch 
lineare 
Interpolation 
zwischen 
dem 
[erster 
maßgeblicher Referenzsatz für erste 
Zinsperiode] 
und 
dem 
[zweiter 
maßgeblicher Referenzsatz für erste 
Zinsperiode] bestimmt. Für die Zwecke 
der Interpolation gelten in Bezug auf den 
jeweiligen Referenzsatz die in Abschnitt 
(a) bis (b) gemachten Angaben, mit 
Ausnahme der Angaben über die Laufzeit 
der Einlage, für die die in diesem Abschnitt 
gemachten Angaben maßgeblich sind.] 
[(c)  
The applicable Reference Rate for the 
Interest 
Period 
from 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date (including) to the 
First Interest Payment Date (excluding) 
(being the first Interest Period) shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by 
linear interpolation between the [first 
reference rate relevant for the first 
Interest Period] and the [second reference 
rate relevant for the first Interest Period]. 
For purpose of the interpolation the 
specifications 
made 
regarding 
the 
Reference Rate in paragraph (a) to (b) shall 
apply but excluding the details regarding 
the maturity of the deposits for which the 
specifications 
made 
in 
this 
sub-
paragraph shall apply.] 
Der folgende Absatz (c) ist nur auf variabel 
verzinsliche Pfandbriefe mit dem Geldmarktsatz 
Euribor als Referenzsatz anwendbar, sofern der 
Fälligkeitstag 
keinem 
als 
Zinszahlungstag 
definierten Termin entspricht und soweit die 
Interpolation von Referenzsätzen anwendbar ist: 
The following paragraph (c) shall only apply to 
Floating Rate Pfandbriefe with the Euribor 
money market rate as Reference Rate, where the 
Maturity Date does not correspond to a date 
defined as an Interest Payment Date and if the 
interpolation of reference rates is applicable: 
[(c) 
Der anwendbare Referenzsatz für die 
Zinsperiode 
vom 
[letzter 
dem 
Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehenden 
festgelegter 
Zinszahlungstag] 
(einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5 
Absatz (1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich) 
wird 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
durch 
lineare 
Interpolation 
zwischen 
dem 
[erster 
maßgeblichen Referenzsatz für letzte 
Zinsperiode] 
und 
dem 
[zweiter 
maßgeblicher Referenzsatz für letzte 
Zinsperiode] bestimmt. Für die Zwecke 
der Interpolation gelten in Bezug auf den 
jeweiligen Referenzsatz die in Abschnitt 
(a) bis (b) gemachten Angaben, mit 
[(c)  
The applicable Reference Rate for the 
Interest Period from [Interest Payment 
Date preceding the Maturity Date] 
(including) to the Maturity Date (as 
defined in § 5(1)) (excluding) (being the 
last Interest Period) shall be determined by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
by 
linear 
interpolation between the [first reference 
rate relevant for the last Interest Period] 
and the [second reference rate relevant for 
the last Interest Period]. For purpose of 
the interpolation the specifications made 
regarding 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
in 
paragraph (a) to (b) shall apply but 
excluding 
the 
details 
regarding 
the 
maturity of the deposits for which the

--- Page 189 ---
- 184 - 
 
Ausnahme der Angaben über die Laufzeit 
der Einlage, für die die in diesem Abschnitt 
gemachten Angaben maßgeblich sind.] 
specifications made in this sub-paragraph 
shall apply.] 
Der folgende Absatz (3) ist nur für variabel 
verzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar, für die ein 
Mindestzinssatz gilt: 
The following paragraph (3) shall only apply to 
Floating Rate Pfandbriefe where a Minimum Rate 
of Interest is applicable: 
[(3) Mindest-Zinssatz. Wenn der gemäß den obigen 
Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz niedriger ist als [Mindestzinssatz], so ist 
der 
Zinssatz 
für 
diese 
Zinsperiode 
[Mindestzinssatz].] 
[(3) Minimum Rate of Interest. If the Rate of 
Interest in respect of any Interest Period determined 
in accordance with the above provisions is less than 
[Minimum Rate of Interest], the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be [Minimum Rate of 
Interest].] 
Der folgende Absatz ([3][4]) ist nur für variabel 
verzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar, für die ein 
Höchstzinssatzgilt: 
The following paragraph ([3][4]) shall only apply 
to Floating Rate Pfandbriefe where a Maximum 
Rate of Interest is applicable: 
[([3][4]) Höchst-Zinssatz. Wenn der gemäß den 
obigen Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode 
ermittelte Zinssatz höher ist als [Höchstzinssatz], 
so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
[Höchstzinssatz].] 
[([3][4]) Maximum Rate of Interest. If the Rate of 
Interest in respect of any Interest Period determined 
in accordance with the above provisions is greater 
than [Maximum Rate of Interest], the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be [Maximum 
Rate of Interest].] 
([3][4][5]) Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird 
zu oder baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an 
dem der Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den auf die 
Pfandbriefe zahlbaren Zinsbetrag bezogen auf den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
für 
die 
entsprechende 
Zinsperiode (der "Zinsbetrag") berechnen. Der 
Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, indem der Zinssatz und 
der Zinstagequotient (wie nachfolgend definiert) 
auf den Gesamtnennbetrag angewendet werden 
(falls erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet). 
([3][4][5]) Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent 
will, on or as soon as practicable after each time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
calculate the amount of interest payable on the 
Pfandbriefe in respect of the aggregate principal 
amount for the relevant Interest Period (the 
"Interest Amount"). Each Interest Amount shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest and the 
Day Count Fraction (as defined below) to the 
aggregate principal amount (rounded up- or 
downwards if necessary). 
([4][5][6]) Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der 
Zinssatz, 
der 
Zinsbetrag 
für 
die 
jeweilige 
Zinsperiode, die jeweilige Zinsperiode und der 
betreffende Zinszahlungstag der Emittentin, dem 
Fiscal Agent, den Zahlstellen sowie den Gläubigern 
gemäß § 10 baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls später 
als am vierten auf die Berechnung jeweils 
folgenden Geschäftstag (wie in § 3 Absatz 1 (d) 
definiert) sowie jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden 
Pfandbriefe zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und 
deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse 
verlangen, baldmöglichst nach der Bestimmung, 
aber keinesfalls später als am ersten Tag der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode mitgeteilt werden. Im Fall 
einer 
Verlängerung 
oder 
Verkürzung 
der 
Zinsperiode können der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und 
Zinszahlungstag 
ohne 
Vorankündigung 
nachträglich geändert (oder andere geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede 
solche Änderung wird umgehend der Emittentin, 
dem Fiscal Agent, den Zahlstellen, allen Börsen, an 
denen die Pfandbriefe zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert 
([4][5][6]) Notification of Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will cause 
the Rate of Interest, each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period, each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and to 
the Holders in accordance with § 10 as soon as 
possible after their determination, but in no event 
later than the fourth Business Day (as defined in 
§ 3 (1)(d)) thereafter and if required by the rules of 
any stock exchange on which the Pfandbriefe are 
from time to time listed, to such stock exchange as 
soon as possible after their determination, but in no 
event later than the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way 
of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any 
such amendment will be promptly notified to the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, any

--- Page 190 ---
- 185 - 
 
sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse 
verlangen, sowie den Gläubigern gemäß § 10 
mitgeteilt. 
stock exchange on which the Pfandbriefe are then 
listed and to the Holders in accordance with § 10. 
[(5)][(6)][(7)] Wegfall eines Referenzsatzes. 
([5][6][7]) Discontinuation of a Reference Rate. 
(a) 
Wenn ein Benchmark Ereignis in Bezug 
auf 
den 
Referenzsatz[(1), 
bzw. 
den 
Referenzsatz(2) 
(Referenzsatz(1), 
bzw. 
Referenzsatz(2) jeweils soweit von einem 
Benchmark 
Ereignis 
betroffen 
der 
"jeweilige betroffene Referenzsatz")] 
eintritt 
und 
ein 
Zinssatz 
für 
eine 
Zinsperiode 
noch 
anhand 
dieses 
[jeweiligen betroffenen] Referenzsatzes 
festgelegt 
wird, 
dann 
ernennt 
die 
Emittentin unverzüglich unter zumutbaren 
Bemühungen 
einen 
Unabhängigen 
Berater, der, sobald wie vernünftigerweise 
möglich, einen Nachfolgezinssatz oder 
anderenfalls 
einen 
Alternativzinssatz 
(jeweils 
gemäß 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)](b)) und in beiden 
Fällen 
gegebenenfalls 
eine 
Anpassungsspanne 
(gemäß 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)](c)) 
festlegt 
und 
etwaige Benchmark Änderungen (gemäß 
§ 3 Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)](d)) vornimmt. 
(a) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to 
the Reference Rate[(1) or the Reference 
Rate(2) ( Reference Rate(1), or the Reference 
Rate(2), in each case as far as affected by a 
Benchmark Event, the "Relevant Affected 
Reference Rate")] when the Rate of 
Interest for any Interest Period remains to 
be determined by reference to such 
[Relevant Affected] Reference Rate, then 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavors to appoint without delay an 
Independent Adviser, who as soon as 
reasonably practicable, shall determine a 
Successor 
Rate, 
failing 
which 
an 
Alternative 
Rate 
(in 
each 
case 
in 
accordance with § 3([5][6][7])(b)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any 
(in accordance with § 3([5][6][7])(c)) and 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
(in 
accordance with § 3([5][6][7])(d)). 
Außer im Falle von grober Fahrlässigkeit 
oder Vorsatz, übernimmt der Unabhängige 
Berater keinerlei Haftung gegenüber der 
Emittentin, dem Fiscal Agent, -soweit 
vorhanden- der bzw. den weitere(n) 
Zahlstelle(n) oder den Gläubigern für seine 
Festlegungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)]. 
In the absence of gross negligence or 
willful 
misconduct, 
the 
Independent 
Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agent(s) (if any) or the Holders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this 
§ 3([5][6][7]). 
Wenn bis spätestens am 5. (fünften) 
Geschäftstag 
vor 
dem 
unmittelbar 
nachfolgenden Zinsfestlegungstag 
If by no later than the 5th Business Day 
prior to the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date 
(i) 
es 
der 
Emittentin 
unter 
zumutbaren Bemühungen nicht 
möglich ist, einen Unabhängigen 
Berater zu ernennen; oder 
(i) 
it is not possible for the Issuer 
making reasonable efforts to 
appoint an Independent Adviser; 
or 
(ii) 
der ernannte Unabhängige Berater 
keinen Nachfolgezinssatz oder 
anderenfalls 
keinen 
Alternativzinssatz gemäß diesem 
§ 3 Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)] festlegt, 
(ii) 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine 
a Successor Rate or, failing which, 
an Alternative Rate in accordance 
with this § 3([5][6][7]), 
entspricht 
der 
[jeweilige 
betroffene] 
Referenzsatz 
der 
unmittelbar 
nachfolgenden Zinsperiode dem [jeweilig 
betroffenen] Referenzsatz, der zum letzten 
Zinsfestlegungstag anwendbar war. Falls 
es keinen ersten Zinszahlungstag gab, ist 
der [jeweiligen betroffenen] Referenzsatz 
der entsprechende Referenzsatz, der für die 
the [Relevant Affected] Reference Rate 
applicable to the immediately following 
Interest Period shall be the [Relevant 
Affected] Reference Rate applicable as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date. If there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the [Relevant Affected] 
Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate

--- Page 191 ---
- 186 - 
 
erste Zinsperiode anwendbar war. Die 
Möglichkeit der vorzeitigen Rückzahlung 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)](h) bleibt hiervon 
unberührt. 
applicable to the first Interest Period. The 
option of an Early Redemption by the 
Issuer pursuant to § 3([5][6][7])(h) shall 
remain unaffected hereby. 
Anpassungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)] 
gelten 
für 
die 
unmittelbar nachfolgenden Zinsperioden. 
Jede 
unmittelbar 
nachfolgende 
Zinsperiode unterliegt aber der weiteren 
Anwendbarkeit 
dieses 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)], 
soweit 
ein 
Benchmark Ereignis in Bezug auf den 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatz 
eintritt. 
Any 
adjustment 
pursuant 
to 
this 
§ 3([5][6][7]) 
shall 
apply 
to 
the 
immediately following Interest Periods. 
Any subsequent Interest Period may be 
subject to the subsequent operation of this 
§ 3([5][6][7]) if a Benchmark Event occurs 
in relation to the [Relevant Affected] 
Reference Rate. 
(b) 
Im Fall, dass der Unabhängige Berater 
nach billigem Ermessen bestimmt, dass: 
(b) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in 
its discretion that: 
(i) 
es einen Nachfolgezinssatz gibt, 
dann ist dieser Nachfolgezinssatz 
(vorbehaltlich 
etwaiger 
Änderungen 
gemäß 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)](c)) an Stelle 
des 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatzes maßgeblich, um 
den Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
und alle folgenden Zinsperioden 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
weiteren 
Anwendbarkeit 
dieses 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)] 
zu 
bestimmen; oder 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then 
such Successor Rate shall (subject 
to 
adjustment 
as 
provided 
in§ 3([5][6][7])(c)) subsequently 
be used in place of the [Relevant 
Affected] 
Reference 
Rate 
to 
determine the Rate of Interest for 
the 
immediately 
following 
Interest Period and all following 
Interest Periods, subject to the 
subsequent 
operation 
of this 
§ 3([5][6][7]); or 
(ii) 
es keinen Nachfolgezinssatz aber 
einen 
Alternativzinssatz 
gibt, 
dann ist dieser Alternativzinssatz 
(vorbehaltlich 
etwaiger 
Änderungen 
gemäß 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)](c)) an Stelle 
des 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatzes maßgeblich, um 
den Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
und alle folgenden Zinsperioden 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
weiteren 
Anwendbarkeit 
dieses 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)] 
zu 
bestimmen. 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that 
there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such 
Alternative 
Rate 
shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided 
in § 3([5][6][7])(c)) subsequently 
be used in place of the [Relevant 
Affected] 
Reference 
Rate 
to 
determine the Rate of Interest for 
the 
immediately 
following 
Interest Period and all following 
Interest Periods, subject to the 
subsequent 
operation 
of this 
§ 3([5][6][7]). 
(c) 
Wenn der Unabhängige Berater nach 
billigem Ermessen bestimmt, dass 
(c) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in 
its discretion 
(i) 
eine Anpassungsspanne auf den 
Nachfolgezinssatz 
oder 
gegebenenfalls 
den 
Alternativzinssatz anzuwenden ist 
und 
(i) 
that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and

--- Page 192 ---
- 187 - 
 
(ii) 
den Umfang, eine Formel oder die 
Methode zur Bestimmung einer 
solchen 
Anpassungsspanne 
festlegt, 
(ii) 
the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology 
for 
determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, 
dann findet eine solche Anpassungsspanne 
auf 
den 
Nachfolgezinssatz 
oder 
gegebenenfalls 
Alternativzinssatz 
Anwendung. 
then such Adjustment Spread shall apply to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be). 
(d) 
Sobald 
ein 
entsprechender 
Nachfolgezinssatz, Alternativzinssatz oder 
eine entsprechende Anpassungsspanne 
gemäß diesem § 3 Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)] 
festgelegt wird und der Unabhängige 
Berater nach billigem Ermessen 
(d) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with this § 3([5][6][7]) and 
the Independent Adviser in its discretion 
(i) 
bestimmt, 
dass 
Änderungen 
hinsichtlich dieser Bedingungen 
notwendig 
sind, 
um 
die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Anwendung 
eines 
Nachfolgezinssatz, 
Alternativzinssatz und / oder einer 
Anpassungsspanne 
zu 
gewährleisten (diese Änderungen, 
die "Benchmark Änderungen") 
und 
(i) 
determines that amendments to 
these Conditions of Issue are 
necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative 
Rate 
and 
/ 
or 
Adjustment 
Spread 
(such 
amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and 
(ii) 
die 
Bedingungen 
dieser 
Benchmark 
Änderungen 
bestimmt, 
(ii) 
determines the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, 
dann gelten jene Benchmark Änderungen 
für die Pfandbriefe, vorbehaltlich einer 
gemäß 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)](e) 
vorgeschriebenen Mitteilung durch die 
Emittentin, ab dem in der Mitteilung 
angegebenen Zeitpunkt. 
then, subject to the Issuer giving notice 
thereof 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 3([5][6][7])(e), 
such 
Benchmark 
Amendments shall apply to the Pfandbriefe 
with effect from the date specified in such 
notice. 
(e) 
Ein Nachfolgezinssatz, Alternativzinssatz, 
eine entsprechende Anpassungsspanne und 
die 
Bedingungen 
von 
Benchmark 
Änderungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)] sowie der Zeitpunkt, 
ab dem die Benchmark Änderungen 
gelten, 
werden 
unverzüglich, 
jedoch 
keinesfalls weniger als fünf Geschäftstage 
vor 
dem 
nächstfolgenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag, durch die Emittentin 
an den Fiscal Agent, die Berechnungsstelle 
und -soweit vorhanden- die weitere(n) 
Zahlstelle(n) sowie gemäß § 10 an die 
Gläubiger 
mitgeteilt. 
Eine 
solche 
Mitteilung ist unwiderruflich. 
(e) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments, 
determined under this § 3([5][6][7]) and 
the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments will be notified promptly, 
but in no event less than five Business 
Days prior to the immediately following 
Interest Determination Date, by the Issuer 
to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Paying Agent(s) (if any) and, in 
accordance with § 10, the Holders. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable. 
Zum gleichen Zeitpunkt wie die Mitteilung 
an den Fiscal Agent, übergibt die 
Emittentin 
diesem 
und 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
einen 
durch 
zwei 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of 
the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent a 
certificate signed by two authorized 
signatories of the Issuer:

--- Page 193 ---
- 188 - 
 
Unterschriftsberechtigte der Emittentin 
unterzeichneten Nachweis, der 
(i) 
auf Basis der Regelungen in 
diesem § 3 Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)] 
(A) bestätigt, dass ein Benchmark 
Ereignis eingetreten ist, (B) den 
Nachfolgezinssatz 
oder 
gegebenenfalls 
den 
Alternativzinssatz 
und 
soweit 
zutreffend die Anpassungsspanne 
mitteilt und (C) die Bedingungen 
der 
Benchmark 
Änderungen 
nachvollziehbar beschreibt; sowie 
(i) 
confirming in accordance with the 
provisions of this § 3([5][6][7]) 
(A) that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred, 
(B) 
the 
relevant 
Successor 
Rate 
or 
where 
applicable the relevant Alternative 
Rate and, (C) where applicable, 
any relevant Adjustment Spread 
and 
(D) 
describing 
comprehensible the specific terms 
of 
any 
relevant 
Benchmark 
Amendments; and 
(ii) 
bestätigt, dass die Benchmark 
Änderungen notwendig sind, um 
die ordnungsgemäße Anwendung 
eines solchen Nachfolgezinssatz, 
Alternativzinssatz und/oder der 
Anpassungsspanne 
zu 
gewährleisten. 
(ii) 
certifying 
that 
the 
relevant 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
are 
necessary to ensure the proper 
operation 
of 
such 
relevant 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread. 
Der 
Nachfolgezinssatz 
oder 
Alternativzinssatz, 
eine 
Anpassungsspanne (sofern zutreffend) und 
die 
Bedingungen 
der 
Benchmark 
Änderungen sind in der Form des 
Nachweises 
(mit 
Ausnahme 
von 
offensichtlichen 
Fehlern 
oder 
Bösgläubigkeit bei der Festlegung des 
Nachfolgezinssatzes 
oder 
Alternativzinssatzes, einer entsprechenden 
Anpassungsspanne 
(sofern 
zutreffend) 
oder der Beschreibung der Bedingungen 
der Benchmark Änderungen) bindend für 
die Emittentin, den Fiscal Agent, die 
Berechnungsstelle, -soweit vorhanden- die 
weitere(n) Zahlstelle(n) und die Gläubiger. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
description 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments specified in such certificate 
will (in the absence of manifest error or bad 
faith in the determination of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and 
such Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
description 
of 
such 
Benchmark 
Amendments) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agent(s) (if any) and the Holders. 
(f) 
Vorbehaltlich der Verpflichtungen der 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)](a), (b), (c) und (d) 
bleiben 
der 
Referenzsatz 
und 
die 
Rückfallregelungen gemäß § 3 Absatz (2) 
bis 
zum 
Eintritt 
eines 
Benchmark 
Ereignisses anwendbar. Jede unmittelbar 
nachfolgende Zinsperiode unterliegt der 
weiteren 
Anwendbarkeit 
dieses 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)], 
soweit 
ein 
Benchmark Ereignis in Bezug auf den 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatz 
eintritt. 
(f) 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the 
Issuer under § 3([5][6][7])(a), (b), (c) and 
(d), the Reference Rate and the fallback 
provisions provided for in § 3(2) will 
continue to apply unless and until a 
Benchmark Event has occurred. Each 
directly following Interest Period shall be 
subject to the further applicability of this 
§ 3([5][6][7]) as far as a Benchmark Event 
has occurred in relation to the [Relevant 
Affected] Reference Rate. 
(g) 
Zur 
Verwendung 
in 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)] gilt wie folgt: 
(g)  
As used in this § 3([5][6][7]): 
"Anpassungsspanne" 
bezeichnet 
entweder die Differenz (positiv oder 
negativ) oder Formel oder die Methode zur 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a 
spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or methodology

--- Page 194 ---
- 189 - 
 
Bestimmung einer solchen Spanne, die 
nach 
Bestimmung 
durch 
den 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
auf 
den 
Nachfolgezinssatz oder gegebenenfalls 
den Alternativzinssatz anzuwenden ist, um 
wirtschaftliche 
Nachteile 
oder 
gegebenenfalls Vorteile der Gläubiger, 
soweit unter den Umständen sinnvoll 
umsetzbar, 
zu 
reduzieren 
oder 
auszuschließen, die durch die Ersetzung 
des 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatzes 
durch 
die 
Nachfolgezinssatz oder gegebenenfalls 
den Alternativzinssatz entstehen und ist die 
Differenz oder Formel oder Methode, die: 
for calculating a spread, in either case, 
which the Independent Adviser determines 
is required to be applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, 
to 
the 
extent 
reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case 
may be) to Holders as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) and is the spread, formula 
or methodology which: 
(i) 
im Fall eines Nachfolgezinssatzes 
formell im Zusammenhang mit 
der Ersetzung des [jeweiligen 
betroffenen] Referenzsatzes durch 
den 
Nachfolgezinssatz 
vom 
Nominierungsgremium 
vorgeschlagen wird; oder (sofern 
keine 
Empfehlung 
abgegeben 
wurde 
oder 
im 
Fall 
eines 
Alternativzinssatzes); 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is 
formally recommended in relation 
to 
the 
replacement 
of 
the 
[Relevant Affected] Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; 
or (if no such recommendation has 
been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate) 
(ii) 
durch den Unabhängigen Berater 
als 
anerkannten 
und 
berücksichtigten 
Industriestandard für "over-the-
counter" derivative Geschäfte mit 
Bezug 
auf 
den 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] Referenzsatz, bei 
denen 
dieser 
durch 
den 
Nachfolgezinssatz 
oder 
gegebenenfalls 
den 
Alternativzinssatz ersetzt wurde, 
bestimmt wird; (oder, falls der 
Unabhängigen Berater bestimmt, 
dass es keinen anerkannten und 
berücksichtigten 
Industriestandard gibt) 
(ii) 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
determines, is recognized or 
acknowledged 
as 
being 
the 
industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions 
which reference the [Relevant 
Affected] Reference Rate, where 
such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be); (or if 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
determines that no such industry 
standard 
is 
recognized 
or 
acknowledged) 
(iii) 
von dem Unabhängigen Berater 
als angemessen erachtet wird. 
(iii) 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
determines to be appropriate. 
"Alternativzinssatz" bezeichnet einen 
alternativen 
Referenzsatz 
oder 
Angebotssatz, welche, der Unabhängige 
Berater 
gemäß 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)](b) 
als 
zur 
Bestimmung von variablen Zinssätzen in 
der 
festgelegten 
Währung 
auf 
den 
internationalen 
Fremdkapitalmärkten 
marktüblich bestimmt. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative 
benchmark or offered quotation which the 
Independent 
Adviser 
determines 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 3([5][6][7])(b) 
is 
customary in market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining floating rates of 
interest in the Specified Currency. 
"Benchmark 
Änderungen" 
hat 
die 
Bedeutung 
wie 
in 
§ 3 
Absatz [(5)][(6)][(7)](d). 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the 
meaning given to it in § 3([5][6][7])(d).

--- Page 195 ---
- 190 - 
 
"Benchmark Ereignis" bezeichnet: 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung oder 
eine 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Informationen durch oder im 
Namen 
(i) 
der 
für 
den 
Administrator 
des 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatzes 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
oder (ii) des Administrators des 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatzes, die besagt, dass 
der 
Administrator 
die 
Bereitstellung 
des 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatzes 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte 
Zeit eingestellt hat oder einstellen 
wird, es sei denn, es gibt einen 
Nachfolgeadministrator, der den 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatz 
weiterhin 
bereitstellt; oder 
(i) 
a public statement or publication 
of information by or on behalf of 
(i) the regulatory supervisor of the 
[Relevant Affected] Reference 
Rate administrator or (ii) the 
[Relevant Affected] Reference 
Rate administrator stating that 
said administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the [Relevant 
Affected] 
Reference 
Rate 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely, 
unless 
there 
is 
a 
successor 
administrator that will continue to 
provide the [Relevant Affected] 
Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators des [jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatzes, 
wonach der [jeweilige betroffene] 
Referenzsatz ihrer Ansicht nach 
nicht mehr repräsentativ für den 
zugrunde liegenden Markt, den er 
zu messen vorgibt, ist oder sein 
wird, 
und 
keine 
von 
der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators des [jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatzes 
geforderten 
Maßnahmen 
zur 
Behebung einer solchen Situation 
ergriffen worden sind oder zu 
erwarten sind; oder 
(ii) 
a 
public 
statement 
by 
the 
regulatory 
supervisor 
of 
the 
[Relevant Affected] Reference 
Rate administrator stating is made 
that, in its view, the [Relevant 
Affected] Reference Rate is no 
longer, or will no longer be, 
representative of the underlying 
market it purports to measure and 
no action to remediate such a 
situation is taken or expected to be 
taken as required by the supervisor 
of 
the 
[Relevant 
Affected] 
Reference Rate administrator; or 
(iii) 
die Verwendung des [jeweiligen 
betroffenen] Referenzsatzes aus 
irgendeinem Grund nach einem 
Gesetz oder einer Verordnung, die 
in Bezug auf die Zahlstellen, die 
Berechnungsstelle, die Emittentin 
oder jeden Dritten anwendbar 
sind, rechtswidrig geworden ist; 
oder 
(iii) 
it has become, for any reason, 
unlawful under any law or 
regulation 
applicable 
to 
any 
Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer or any other 
party 
to 
use 
the 
[Relevant 
Affected] Reference Rate; or 
(iv) 
der 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatz 
ohne 
vorherige 
offizielle Ankündigung durch die 
zuständige Behörde oder den 
Administrator 
des 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatzes 
dauerhaft 
nicht 
mehr 
veröffentlicht wird. 
(iv) 
the [Relevant Affected] Reference 
Rate is permanently no longer 
published without any previous 
official announcement by the 
competent 
authority 
or 
the 
[Relevant Affected] Reference 
Rate administrator.

--- Page 196 ---
- 191 - 
 
"Nachfolgezinssatz" 
bezeichnet 
einen 
Nachfolger oder Ersatz des [jeweiligen 
betroffenen] Referenzsatzes, der formell 
durch 
das 
Nominierungsgremium 
vorgeschlagen wurde. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or 
replacement of the [Relevant Affected] 
Reference 
Rate 
which 
is 
formally 
recommended 
by 
any 
Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
"Nominierungsgremium" bezeichnet: 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means: 
(i) 
die Zentralbank für die Währung 
in der der Angebotssatz des 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatzes dargestellt wird 
oder eine Zentralbank oder andere 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die 
Aufsicht des Administrators des 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatzes zuständig ist; oder 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency 
to which the offered quotation of 
the [Relevant Affected] Reference 
Rate relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the [Relevant 
Affected] Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
jede Arbeitsgruppe oder Komitee 
gefördert durch, geführt oder 
mitgeführt von oder gebildet von 
(A) der Zentralbank für die 
Währung 
in 
welcher 
der 
Angebotssatz 
des 
[jeweiligen 
betroffenen] 
Referenzsatzes 
dargestellt 
wird, 
(B) 
einer 
Zentralbank 
oder 
anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die 
Aufsicht des Administrators des 
Referenzsatzes zuständig sind, (C) 
einer Gruppe der zuvor genannten 
Zentralbanken 
oder 
anderer 
Aufsichtsbehörden oder (D) dem 
Finanzstabilitätsrat 
(Financia/ 
Stability 
Board) 
oder 
Teilen 
davon. 
(ii) 
any working group or committee 
sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (A) the central bank for 
the currency to which the offered 
quotation 
of 
the 
[Relevant 
Affected] Reference Rate relates, 
(B) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference 
Rate (as applicable), (C) a group 
of the aforementioned central 
banks 
or 
other 
supervisory 
authorities or (D) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
"Unabhängiger Berater" bezeichnet ein 
von 
der 
Emittentin 
gemäß 
§ 3 
[(5)][(6)][(7)](a) ernanntes unabhängiges 
Finanzinstitut 
mit 
internationalem 
Ansehen oder einen anderen unabhängigen 
Finanzberater 
mit 
Erfahrung 
in 
internationalen Kapitalmärkten.] 
"Independent 
Adviser" 
means 
an 
independent 
financial 
institution 
of 
international repute or other independent 
financial adviser experienced in the 
international capital markets, in each case 
appointed 
by 
the 
Issuer 
under 
§ 3([5][6][7])(a). 
(h)  
Im Falle, dass ein Nachfolgezinssatz oder 
Alternativzinssatz, 
eine 
etwaige 
erforderliche 
Anpassungspanne 
und 
jedwede 
sonstigen 
maßgeblichen 
Anpassungen eines Nachfolgezinssatzes 
oder 
Alternativzinssatzes 
nicht 
im 
Einklang 
mit 
den 
vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen festgelegt werden, kann die 
Emittentin durch Mitteilung an die 
Gläubiger der Pfandbriefe gemäß § 10 mit 
einer Frist von nicht weniger als 15 
Geschäftstagen 
bis 
zum 
Zinsfestlegungstag (ausschließlich), der 
unmittelbar 
auf 
den 
maßgeblichen 
Zinsfestlegungstag folgt, die Pfandbriefe 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, zum 
(h)  
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, 
any necessary Adjustment Spread and all 
other relevant adjustments of a Successor 
Rate 
or 
Alternative 
Rate 
are 
not 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
foregoing, the Issuer may, on giving at 
least 15 Business Days notice to the 
Holders in accordance with § 10 up until 
(but excluding) the Interest Determination 
Day immediately following the relevant 
Interest Determination Day, redeem all but 
not some only of the Pfandbriefe at the 
Early Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption. If the Pfandbriefe are not 
redeemed 
in 
accordance 
with 
the

--- Page 197 ---
- 192 - 
 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
einschließlich 
etwaiger 
bis 
zum 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. 
Werden die Pfandbriefe nicht gemäß den 
vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen 
zurückgezahlt, 
so 
finden 
die 
Bestimmungen dieses § 3[(5)][(6)][(7)](h) 
in Bezug auf den unmittelbar folgenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag erneut Anwendung. 
foregoing, 
the 
provisions 
of 
this 
§ 3([5][6][7])(h) shall apply again in 
respect of such immediately following 
Interest Determination Day. 
Der folgende Absatz ist 
nur auf 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Pfandbriefe 
anwendbar, 
deren 
Zinstagequotient Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 
251) ist: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
Floating Rate Pfandbriefe where Day Count 
Fraction Actual/Actual ICMA rule 251 is 
applicable: 
[Wenn (a) der Zinsberechnungszeitraum kürzer 
oder gleich der Feststellungsperiode ist, in die das 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
diesem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch das Produkt 
aus 
(i) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
dieser 
Feststellungsperiode und (ii) der Anzahl der 
Feststellungstage in einem Kalenderjahr; oder 
wenn (b) der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger ist 
als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das Ende des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt, die Summe aus: 
[If (a) the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter 
than the Determination Period during which the 
Calculation Period ends, the number of days in such 
Calculation Period divided by the product of (i) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and 
(ii) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; or if (b) the Calculation 
Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Calculation Period ends, the sum 
of: 
(i) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, die in die 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, in welcher der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt 
durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der 
Tage in dieser Feststellungsperiode und (2) 
der Anzahl der Feststellungstage in einem 
Kalenderjahr; und 
(i) 
the number of days in such Calculation 
Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Calculation Period begins 
divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, die in die 
nächstfolgende 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, geteilt durch das Produkt aus (1) der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
dieser 
Feststellungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungstage 
in 
einem 
Kalenderjahr. 
(ii) 
the number of days in such Calculation 
Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination 
Period 
and 
(2) 
the 
number 
of 
Determination Dates that would occur in 
one calendar year. 
"Feststellungsperiode" bedeutet der Zeitraum von 
einem Feststellungstag (einschließlich) bis zu dem 
nächstfolgenden Feststellungstag (ausschließlich); 
dies schließt dann, wenn der Verzinsungsbeginn 
kein Feststellungstag ist, den Zeitraum ein, der an 
dem 
ersten 
Feststellungstag 
vor 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn anfängt, und dann, wenn der 
letzte Zinszahlungstag kein Feststellungstag ist, den 
Zeitraum ein, der an dem ersten Feststellungstag 
nach dem letzten Zinszahlungstag endet. 
"Determination Period" means the period from a 
Determination Date (including) to the next 
Determination Date (excluding), where the Interest 
Commencement Date is not a Determination Date, 
the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to the Interest Commencement Date, and 
where the final Interest Payment Date is not a 
Determination Date, the first Determination Date 
falling after the final Interest Payment Date. 
"Feststellungstag" bedeutet [Feststellungstag(e)] 
eines jeden Jahres.] 
"Determination Date" means [day, month] in each 
year.]

--- Page 198 ---
- 193 - 
 
Der folgende Absatz ist 
nur auf 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Pfandbriefe 
anwendbar, 
deren 
Zinstagequotient Actual/365 (Fixed) ist: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
Floating Rate Pfandbriefe where Day Count 
Fraction Actual/365 (Fixed) is applicable: 
[Die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 365.] 
[The actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.] 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur auf variabel 
verzinsliche 
Pfandbriefe 
anwendbar, 
deren 
Zinstagequotient Actual/360 ist: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
Floating Rate Pfandbriefe where Day Count 
Fraction Actual/360 is applicable: 
[Die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360.] 
[The actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360.] 
Der folgende Absatz ist 
nur auf 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Pfandbriefe 
anwendbar, 
deren 
Zinstagequotient 30/360 ist: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
Floating Rate Pfandbriefe where Day Count 
Fraction 30/360 is applicable: 
[Die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360, 
wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines 
Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 
Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (a) der letzte Tag 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag 
eines Monates, während der erste Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf den 30. noch 
auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, in welchem Fall 
der diesen Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 
30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (b) 
der letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt 
auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar, in 
welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 
30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
[The number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day 
months (unless (a) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of 
the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th 
or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that 
includes that last day shall not be considered to be 
shortened to a 30-day month, or (b) the last day of 
the Calculation Period is the last day of the month 
of February in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month).] 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1) Zahlungen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Zahlungen 
von Kapital und Zinsen auf die Pfandbriefe 
erfolgen 
nach 
Maßgabe 
des 
nachstehenden 
Absatzes 2 an das Clearingsystem oder dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
(1) Payment of Principal and Interest. Payment of 
principal and interest in respect of the Pfandbriefe 
shall be made, subject to paragraph (2) below, to 
the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System. 
Der folgende Absatz ist nur auf variabel 
verzinsliche 
Pfandbriefe 
anwendbar, 
die 
anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind: 
The following paragraph shall only apply to 
Floating Rate Pfandbriefe which are initially 
represented by a Temporary Global Note: 
[Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Pfandbriefe, die durch 
die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt 
nach Maßgabe von Absatz 2 an das Clearingsystem 
oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten 
der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, 
und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung 
gemäß § 1 Absatz 3(b).] 
[Payment of interest on Pfandbriefe represented by 
the Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject 
to paragraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its 
order for credit to the accounts of the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System, upon due 
certification as provided in § 1(3)(b).] 
(2) 
Zahlungsweise. 
Vorbehaltlich 
geltender 
steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen 
und Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen 
auf die Pfandbriefe in [Festgelegte Währung]. 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal 
and other laws and regulations, payments of 
amounts due in respect of the Pfandbriefe shall be 
made in [Specified Currency].

--- Page 199 ---
- 194 - 
 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung 
der Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder dessen 
Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) Vereinigte Staaten. Für die Zwecke dieser 
Bedingungen bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" die 
Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich 
deren Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) 
sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto 
Ricos, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana 
Islands). 
(4) United States. For the purposes of these 
Conditions "United States" means the United 
States of America (including the States thereof and 
the District of Columbia) and its possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
(5) Zahltag. Fällt der Tag der Fälligkeit einer 
Zahlung in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf 
einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der 
Gläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nächsten Zahltag. Der Gläubiger ist nicht 
berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen 
aufgrund dieses Zahlungsaufschubes zu verlangen. 
(5) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment 
of any amount in respect of any Pfandbrief is not a 
Payment Business Day then the Holder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next Payment Business 
Day and shall not be entitled to further interest or 
other payment in respect of such delay. 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem (i) 
[das Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System (TARGET2) 
und] [die Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
[relevantes Finanzzentrum] und] (ii) das Clearing 
System Zahlungen abwickeln. 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" 
means any day which is a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which (i) [the Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express 
Transfer system (TARGET2) and] [commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets in [relevant 
Financial Centre] and] (ii) the Clearing System 
settle payments. 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht 
Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu 
hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb 
von zwölf Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger 
sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine 
solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf das Recht der 
Rücknahme 
verzichtet 
wird, 
erlöschen 
die 
diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen 
die Emittentin. 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer 
may deposit with the local court (Amtsgericht) in 
Frankfurt am Main principal or interest not claimed 
by Holders within twelve months after the Maturity 
Date, even though such Holders may not be in 
default of acceptance of payment. If and to the 
extent that the deposit is effected and the right of 
withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such 
Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
Der folgende Absatz (7) ist nur auf variabel 
verzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar, bei denen 
die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Pfandbriefe 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen: 
The following paragraph (7) shall only apply to 
Floating Rate Pfandbriefe which are subject to 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
(7) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital. Bezugnahmen in 
diesen 
Bedingungen 
auf 
das 
Kapital 
der 
Pfandbriefe 
schließen 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) der Pfandbriefe mit ein. 
[(7) References to Principal. References in these 
Conditions to principal in respect of the Pfandbriefe 
shall be deemed to include the Call Redemption 
Amount of the Pfandbriefe.] 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
Der folgende Absatz [1] (a) ist nur auf variabel 
verzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar, bei denen 
die Zinsperioden angepasst werden: 
The following paragraph [1] (a) shall only apply 
to Floating Rate Pfandbriefe where the Interest 
Periods are adjusted: 
[(1)] 
(a) 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. 
Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz 
[(1)]  
(a)  
Final 
Redemption. 
Unless 
previously redeemed in whole or

--- Page 200 ---
- 195 - 
 
oder teilweise zurückgezahlt oder 
angekauft und entwertet, werden 
die 
Pfandbriefe 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag am in den 
[Rückzahlungsmonat und -jahr] 
fallenden Zinszahlungstag (der 
"Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. 
in part or purchased and cancelled, 
the Pfandbriefe shall be redeemed 
at their Final Redemption Amount 
on the Interest Payment Date 
falling in [redemption month and 
year] (the "Maturity Date"). 
Der folgende Absatz [1] (a) ist nur auf variabel 
verzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar, bei denen 
die Zinsperioden nicht angepasst werden: 
The following paragraph [1] (a) shall only apply 
to Floating Rate Pfandbriefe where the Interest 
Periods are unadjusted: 
[(1)] 
(a) 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. 
Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz 
oder teilweise zurückgezahlt oder 
angekauft und entwertet, werden 
die 
Pfandbriefe 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
am 
[Fälligkeitstag] 
(der 
"Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. 
[(1)] 
(a)  
Final 
Redemption. 
Unless 
previously redeemed in whole or 
in part or purchased and cancelled, 
the Pfandbriefe shall be redeemed 
at their Final Redemption Amount 
on 
[Maturity 
Date] 
(the 
"Maturity Date"). 
(b) 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
bei 
Endfälligkeit. 
Die 
Pfandbriefe 
werden zu ihrem Nennbetrag 
zurückgezahlt (Rückzahlung zu 
par) 
(der 
"Rückzahlungsbetrag"). 
(b) 
Final Redemption Amount. The 
Pfandbriefe are redeemed at their 
principal amount (redemption at 
par) (the "Final Redemption 
Amount"). 
Der folgende Absatz (2) ist nur auf variabel 
verzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar, bei denen 
die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Pfandbriefe 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen: 
The following paragraph (2) shall only apply to 
Floating Rate Pfandbriefe which are subject to 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
[(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin. 
[(2) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die Pfandbriefe 
insgesamt oder teilweise am/an den Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) (Call) zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call), 
wie 
nachfolgend angegeben, nebst etwaigen 
bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with clause (b), redeem all or 
some of the Pfandbriefe on the Call 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
at 
the 
Call 
Redemption Amount(s) set forth below 
together with accrued interest, if any, to 
(but excluding) the Call Redemption Date. 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call): [Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call)]. 
Call Redemption Date(s): [Insert Call 
Redemption Date(s)]. 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call): 
Nennbetrag 
des 
Pfandbriefes 
(Rückzahlung zu par). 
Call Redemption Amount: The principal 
amount of the Pfandbrief (redemption at 
par). 
(b) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Pfandbriefe durch die Emittentin gemäß 
§ 10 bekannt zu geben. Sie muss die 
folgenden Angaben enthalten: 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Pfandbriefe in 
accordance with § 10. Such notice shall 
specify: 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie von 
Pfandbriefen; 
(i) 
the Series of Pfandbriefe subject 
to redemption;

--- Page 201 ---
- 196 - 
 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie 
ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt 
wird und im letzteren Fall den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden Pfandbriefe; 
und 
(ii) 
whether such Series is to be 
redeemed in whole or in part only 
and, if in part only, the aggregate 
principal 
amount 
of 
the 
Pfandbriefe which are to be 
redeemed; and 
(iii) 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call), wobei die Kündigung dem 
Gläubiger bis spätestens an dem 
[fünften][anderer maßgeblicher 
Geschäftstag] Geschäftstag (wie 
unten 
definiert) 
vor 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
zugegangen sein muss (wie in 
§ 10 beschrieben). 
(iii) 
the Call Redemption Date; and in 
this connection, the notice of 
redemption shall be received at the 
latest by the Holder (as described 
in § 10) on the [fifth][other 
relevant Business Day] Business 
Day (as defined below) prior to 
the relevant Call Redemption 
Date. 
Für die Zwecke dieses § 5 Absatz (2) 
bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem (i) [das Trans-European Automated 
Real-time 
Gross 
Settlement 
Express 
Transfer System (TARGET2) und] [die 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
[relevantes Finanzzentrum] und] (ii) das 
Clearing System Zahlungen abwickeln. 
In this § 5 (2) "Business Day" means any 
day which is a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which (i) [the Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
system 
(TARGET2) and] [commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets in [relevant 
Financial Centre] and] (ii) the Clearing 
System settle payments. 
(c) 
Wenn die Pfandbriefe nur teilweise 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, 
werden 
die 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Pfandbriefe 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
betreffenden 
Clearingsystems 
ausgewählt.] 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of 
Pfandbriefe, Pfandbriefe to be redeemed 
shall be selected in accordance with the 
rules of the relevant Clearing System.] 
Der folgende Absatz (d) ist nur auf variabel 
verzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar, die in Form 
einer NGN begeben werden und bei denen die 
Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Pfandbriefe 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen: 
The following paragraph (d) shall only apply to 
Floating Rate Pfandbriefe which are represented 
by a NGN which are subject to an Early 
Redemption at the Option of a of the Issuer: 
[(d) 
Register 
der 
ICSD. 
Eine 
teilweise 
Rückzahlung wird in den Registern der 
ICSD nach deren Ermessen entweder als 
Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung des 
Nennbetrags wiedergegeben.] 
[(d) 
Records of ICSDs. A partial redemption 
shall be reflected in the records of ICSDs 
at their discretion as either a pool factor or 
a reduction in principal amount.] 
[(2)][(3)] Hinweis gemäß § 6(1) Pfandbriefgesetz in 
der ab dem 8. Juli 2022 geltenden Fassung 
(Bundesgesetzblatt 
Jahrgang 
2021 
Teil I, 
Seite 1063 ff.). Ab dem 1. Juli 2021 besteht für den 
Sachwalter gemäß § 30 (2a) Pfandbriefgesetz für 
ausstehende Pfandbriefe die Möglichkeit einer 
Verschiebung 
der 
Fälligkeiten 
der 
Tilgungszahlungen um bis zu zwölf Monate. 
Weiterhin kann der Sachwalter die Fälligkeit von 
Zinsen, die innerhalb eines Monats nach seiner 
Bestellung fällig werden, auf das Ende dieses 
Monatszeitraums verschieben. Hinausgeschobene 
Beträge 
sind 
für 
die 
Dauer 
der 
Fälligkeitsverschiebung nach den bis zu der 
[(2)][(3)] Notice pursuant to Section 6 (1) 
Pfandbrief Act as applicable with effect from 
8 July 2022 (German Federal Law Gazette 2021 
Part I, page 1063 et seqq.). From 1 July 2021, 
pursuant to Section 30 (2a) Pfandbrief Act the cover 
pool administrator (Sachwalter) may extend the 
maturity of outstanding Pfandbriefe by up to twelve 
months. Further, the cover pool administrator may 
defer the payment of any interest due within one 
month of its appointment to the end of this one-
month period. Deferred amounts shall bear interest 
for the duration of the deferral pursuant to the 
conditions applicable until the deferral. Deferred

--- Page 202 ---
- 197 - 
 
Verschiebung 
geltenden 
Bedingungen 
zu 
verzinsen. 
Hinausgeschobene 
Zinszahlungen 
gelten dabei als Kapitalbeträge. 
interest payments shall be deemed to be principal 
amounts. 
Der Sachwalter darf eine Fälligkeitsverschiebung 
gemäß § 30 (2b) Pfandbriefgesetz nur vornehmen, 
sofern zum Zeitpunkt des Hinausschiebens der 
Fälligkeit (i) das Hinausschieben der Fälligkeit 
erforderlich ist, um die Zahlungsunfähigkeit der 
Pfandbriefbank mit beschränkter Geschäftstätigkeit 
zu vermeiden, (ii) die Pfandbriefbank mit 
beschränkter Geschäftstätigkeit nicht überschuldet 
ist und (iii) Grund zu der Annahme besteht, dass die 
Pfandbriefbank mit beschränkter Geschäftstätigkeit 
jedenfalls 
nach 
Ablauf 
des 
größtmöglichen 
Verschiebungszeitraums unter Berücksichtigung 
weiterer Verschiebungsmöglichkeiten ihre dann 
fälligen Verbindlichkeiten erfüllen kann. 
Pursuant to Section 30 (2b) Pfandbrief Act, the 
cover pool administrator may only extend the 
maturity of outstanding Pfandbriefe provided that 
(i) the extension of the maturity is necessary to 
avoid the illiquidity of the Pfandbriefbank with 
limited business activities (Pfandbriefbank mit 
beschränkter 
Geschäftstätigkeit), 
(ii) 
the 
Pfandbriefbank with limited business activities is 
not over-indebted and (iii) there is reason to believe 
that the Pfandbriefbank with limited business 
activities will be able to meet its liabilities due after 
expiry of the maximum possible extension period, 
taking into account further options to extend the 
maturity. 
Für Fälligkeitsverschiebungen, die den Zeitraum 
von einem Monat nach Ernennung des Sachwalters 
nicht überschreiten, wird das Vorliegen dieser 
Voraussetzungen unwiderlegbar vermutet. 
For the extension of maturity which does not 
exceed one month from the appointment of the 
cover pool administrator, these requirements will 
be deemed irrefutable. 
Der Sachwalter veröffentlicht gemäß § 30 (2c) 
Pfandbriefgesetz 
jedes 
Hinausschieben 
der 
Fälligkeit 
unverzüglich 
unter 
Angabe 
der 
betroffenen 
Pfandbriefemissionen 
sowie 
des 
jeweiligen 
Verschiebungsumfangs 
auf 
der 
Internetseite der Pfandbriefbank bei den nach § 28 
Pfandbriefgesetz 
zu 
der 
betreffenden 
Pfandbriefgattung veröffentlichten Angaben, in 
mindestens 
einem 
überregionalen 
Börsenpflichtblatt sowie im Bundesanzeiger. 
The cover pool administrator will immediately 
publish any extension of maturity pursuant to § 30 
(2c) Pfandbrief Act, stating the affected Pfandbrief 
issues as well as the respective extension amount, 
on the Pfandbriefbank's website under the 
information published pursuant to § 28 Pfandbrief 
Act for the Pfandbrief category concerned, in at 
least one supraregional mandatory stock exchange 
journal as well as in the German Federal Gazette.  
§ 6 
ZAHLSTELLEN 
§ 6 
PAYING AGENTS AND CALCULATION 
AGENT 
(1) Fiscal Agent. Der anfänglich bestellte Fiscal 
Agent und dessen bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
lautet Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Trust & 
Agency 
Services, 
Taunusanlage 
12, 
60325 
Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland. 
(1) Fiscal Agent. The initial Fiscal Agent and its 
initial specified office shall be Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Trust & Agency Services, 
Taunusanlage 12, 60325 Frankfurt am Main, 
Federal Republic of Germany. 
Der anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent handelt als 
Zahlstelle in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
The initial Fiscal Agent acts as paying agent in the 
Federal Republic of Germany. 
Der Fiscal Agent behält sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit seine bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch 
eine 
andere 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
in 
Deutschland zu ersetzen. 
The Fiscal Agent reserves the right at any time to 
change its specified office to some other specified 
office in the Federal Republic of Germany. 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
die Bestellung des Fiscal Agent zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und einen anderen Fiscal Agent zu 
bestellen. Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung 
oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam 
(außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche 
Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die 
Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § 10 vorab unter 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent and 
to appoint another Fiscal Agent. Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only take 
effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it 
shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 
nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall

--- Page 203 ---
- 198 - 
 
Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 30 und nicht 
mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
have been given to the Holders in accordance with 
§ 10. 
Der Fiscal Agent handelt ausschließlich als 
Erfüllungsgehilfe der Emittentin und übernimmt 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihm 
und 
den 
Gläubigern begründet. 
The Fiscal Agent acts solely as the agent of the 
Issuer and does not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust for any Holder. 
Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt einen 
Fiscal Agent handelnd als Zahlstelle in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland unterhalten. 
The Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent 
acting as paying agent in the Federal Republic of 
Germany. 
Solange die Pfandbriefe zum Handel an einem 
regulierten Markt zugelassen sind, wird die 
Emittentin zu jedem Zeitpunkt eine Zahlstelle mit 
bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle an solchen Orten 
unterhalten, die die Regeln dieser Börse verlangen. 
So long as the Pfandbriefe are traded on a regulated 
market, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent 
with a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules of such stock exchange. 
Der folgende Absatz (2) ist nur auf variabel 
verzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar, bei denen 
eine weitere Zahlstelle bestellt ist: 
The following paragraph (2) shall only apply to 
Floating Rate Pfandbriefe where an Additional 
Paying Agent is appointed: 
[(2) Weitere Zahlstelle. Die anfänglich bestellte 
Zahlstelle und deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
lautet 
[Zahlstelle 
und 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle]. 
[(2) Additional Paying Agent. The initial Paying 
Agent and its initial specified office shall be 
[Paying Agent and specified office]. 
Jede Zahlstelle behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
ihre bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch eine andere 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in Deutschland zu 
ersetzen. 
Each Paying Agent reserves the right at any time to 
change its specified office to some other specified 
office in the Federal Republic of Germany. 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
die Bestellung der Zahlstelle zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und eine andere Zahlstelle zu bestellen. 
Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein 
sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im 
Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort 
wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger hierüber 
gemäß § 10 vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen 
informiert wurden. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Paying Agent and 
to appoint another Paying Agent. Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only take 
effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it 
shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 
nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall 
have been given to the Holders in accordance with 
§ 10. 
Jede 
Zahlstelle 
handelt 
ausschließlich 
als 
Erfüllungsgehilfe der Emittentin und übernimmt 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihr 
und 
den 
Gläubigern begründet.] 
Each Paying Agent acts solely as the agent of the 
Issuer and does not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust for any Holder.] 
([2][3]) Berechnungsstelle. Die anfänglich bestellte 
Berechnungsstelle 
und 
deren 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
lautet 
[Deutsche 
Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Trust & Agency Services, 
Taunusanlage 12, 60325 Frankfurt am Main, 
Deutschland] [Andere Berechnungsstelle und 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle]. 
[([2][3]) Calculation Agent. The initial Calculation 
Agent and its initial specified office shall be 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Trust & 
Agency 
Services, 
Taunusanlage 
12, 
60325 
Frankfurt am Main, Germany] [other Calculation 
Agent and specified office].

--- Page 204 ---
- 199 - 
 
Jede Berechnungsstelle behält sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit ihre bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch 
eine 
andere 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
in 
Deutschland zu ersetzen. 
Each Calculation Agent reserves the right at any 
time to change its specified office to some other 
specified office in the Federal Republic of 
Germany. 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
die Bestellung der Berechnungsstelle zu ändern 
oder zu beenden und eine andere Berechnungsstelle 
zu 
bestellen. 
Eine 
Änderung, 
Abberufung, 
Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur 
wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine 
solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die 
Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § 10 vorab unter 
Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 30 und nicht 
mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Calculation Agent 
and to appoint another Calculation Agent. Any 
variation, termination, appointment or change shall 
only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) 
after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior 
notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders 
in accordance with § 10. 
Jede Berechnungsstelle handelt ausschließlich als 
Erfüllungsgehilfe der Emittentin und übernimmt 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihr 
und 
den 
Gläubigern begründet. 
Each Calculation Agent acts solely as the agent of 
the Issuer and does not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for any 
Holder.] 
Der folgende Absatz ([3][4]) ist nur auf variabel 
verzinsliche 
Pfandbriefe 
anwendbar, 
deren 
Währung US-Dollar ist: 
The following paragraph ([3][4]) shall only apply 
in the case of payments in U.S. dollars: 
[([3][4]) Einführung von Beschränkungen. Falls 
Zahlungen bei den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen 
aller Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten 
aufgrund 
der 
Einführung 
von 
Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen 
Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden 
Beträge 
in 
US-Dollar 
widerrechtlich 
oder 
tatsächlich ausgeschlossen werden, die Emittentin 
zum Zeitpunkt der Bestellung der Zahlstelle aber 
davon ausgehen durfte, dass die Zahlstelle 
Zahlungen in US-Dollar machen kann, wird die 
Emittentin 
eine 
Zahlstelle 
mit 
bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle in New York City unterhalten.] 
[([3][4]) Imposition of Restrictions. If payments at 
or through the offices of all Paying Agents outside 
the United States become illegal or are effectively 
precluded because of the imposition of exchange 
controls or similar restrictions on the full payment 
or receipt of such amounts in United States dollars 
but the Issuer had a reasonable expectation that 
such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
in U.S. dollars when they were appointed, a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in New York City.] 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
Sämtliche auf die Pfandbriefe zu zahlenden Beträge 
sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von oder aufgrund 
von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder 
sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, 
die von oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder für 
Rechnung 
einer 
dort 
zur 
Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde in 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland auferlegt oder 
erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt 
oder Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. 
All amounts payable in respect of the Pfandbriefe 
shall be made without withholding or deduction for 
or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by way 
of withholding or deduction by or on behalf of the 
Federal Republic of Germany or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. 
Unbeschadet 
sonstiger 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Bedingungen, ist die Emittentin zum Einbehalt oder 
Abzug der Beträge berechtigt, die gemäß §§ 1471 
bis 1474 des U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
Notwithstanding any other provisions in these 
Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to 
withhold or deduct any amounts required by the 
rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471

--- Page 205 ---
- 200 - 
 
(einschließlich 
dessen 
Änderungen 
oder 
Nachfolgevorschriften), gemäß zwischenstaatlicher 
Abkommen, 
gemäß 
den 
in 
einer 
anderen 
Rechtsordnung in Zusammenhang mit diesen 
Bestimmungen 
erlassenen 
Durchführungsvorschriften oder gemäß mit dem 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service geschlossenen 
Verträgen ("FATCA Quellensteuer") erforderlich 
sind als Folge davon, dass eine andere Person als 
die Emittentin oder deren Zahlstelle nicht zum 
Empfang 
von 
Zahlungen 
ohne 
FATCA 
Quellensteuer berechtigt ist. Die Emittentin ist 
nicht verpflichtet, zusätzliche Beträge zu zahlen 
oder einen Investor in Bezug auf FATCA 
Quellensteuer schadlos zu halten, die von der 
Emittentin, einer Zahlstelle oder von einem anderen 
Beteiligten abgezogen oder einbehalten wurden. 
FATCA steht für den U.S. Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act. 
through 1474 (or any amended or successor 
provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental 
agreement, or implementing legislation adopted by 
another jurisdiction in connection with these 
provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the 
U.S. 
Internal 
Revenue 
Service 
("FATCA 
withholding") as a result of a holder, beneficial 
owner or an intermediary that is not an agent of the 
Issuer not being entitled to receive payments free of 
FATCA withholding. The Issuer will have no 
obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise 
indemnify an investor for any such FATCA 
withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the 
paying agent or any other party. FATCA means the 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Pfandbriefe auf zehn 
Jahre verkürzt. 
The 
presentation 
period 
provided 
in 
§ 801 (1) sentence 1 BGB (German Civil Code) is 
reduced to ten years for the Pfandbriefe. 
§ 9 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER PFANDBRIEFE 
UND RÜCKKAUF 
§ 9 
FURTHER ISSUES 
AND PURCHASES 
(1) Begebung weiterer Pfandbriefe. Die Emittentin 
ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne Zustimmung der 
Gläubiger 
weitere 
Pfandbriefe 
mit 
gleicher 
Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des 
Tags der Begebung, des Betrags, der ersten darauf 
zu 
leistenden 
Zinszahlung 
und/oder 
des 
Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass sie 
mit diesen Pfandbriefe eine einheitliche Serie 
bilden. 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to 
time, without the consent of the Holders, issue 
further Pfandbriefe having the same terms and 
conditions as the Pfandbriefe in all respects (or in 
all respects except for the issue date, the amount, 
the first payment of interest on them and/or issue 
price) so as to form a single Series with the 
Pfandbriefe. 
(2) Rückkauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
jederzeit Pfandbriefe im Markt oder anderweitig zu 
jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der 
Emittentin erworbenen Pfandbriefe können nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin 
von 
ihr 
gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder bei dem Fiscal Agent zwecks 
Entwertung eingereicht werden. Sofern diese Käufe 
durch öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, muss dieses 
Angebot allen Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase 
in the open market or otherwise and at any price. 
Pfandbriefe purchased by the Issuer may, at the 
option of the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered 
to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If purchases are 
made by tender, tenders for such Pfandbriefe must 
be made available to all Holders of such 
Pfandbriefe alike. 
§ 10 
MITTEILUNGEN 
§ 10 
NOTICE 
(1) 
Bekanntmachung. 
Alle 
die 
Pfandbriefe 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen 
werden 
im 
Bundesanzeiger 
veröffentlicht. 
Falls 
eine 
Veröffentlichung im Bundesanzeiger nicht möglich 
ist, werden die Mitteilungen in einem deutschen 
Börsenpflichtblatt, voraussichtlich der Börsen-
Zeitung veröffentlicht. Jede derartige Mitteilung 
(1) Publication. All notices concerning the 
Pfandbriefe shall be published in the Federal 
Gazette (Bundesanzeiger). If publication in the 
Federal Gazette is not possible, the notices shall be 
published in a newspaper authorized by the stock 
exchanges in Germany (Börsenpflichtblatt). This 
newspaper is expected to be the Börsen-Zeitung.

--- Page 206 ---
- 201 - 
 
gilt am Tag der Veröffentlichung (oder bei 
mehreren Veröffentlichungen am Tag der ersten 
solchen Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt. 
Any notice so given will be deemed to have been 
validly given on the date of such publication (or, if 
published more than once, on the date of the first 
such publication). 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
anstelle 
der 
Veröffentlichung nach Absatz 1, eine Mitteilung an 
das Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die 
Gläubiger zu übermitteln, vorausgesetzt, die 
Regeln der Börse, an der die Pfandbriefe notiert 
sind, lassen diese Form der Mitteilung zu. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem 
Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den 
Gläubigern mitgeteilt. 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer 
may, in lieu of the publication set forth in 
subparagraph (1) above, deliver the relevant notice 
to the Clearing System, for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Holder, provided that the 
rules of the stock exchange on which the 
Pfandbriefe are listed permit such form of notice. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
to the Holders on the seventh day after the day on 
which the said notice was given to the Clearing 
System. 
(3) 
Mitteilungen 
in 
Luxemburg. 
Falls 
die 
Pfandbriefe im regulierten Markt der Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse zugelassen sind, werden die 
Pfandbriefe betreffenden Mitteilungen auch auf der 
Internetseite 
der 
Luxemburger 
Börse, 
www.bourse.lu, 
veröffentlicht. 
Falls 
eine 
Veröffentlichung auf der Internetseite nicht 
möglich ist, werden die Mitteilungen in einer 
führenden 
Tageszeitung 
mit 
allgemeiner 
Verbreitung 
in 
Luxemburg 
veröffentlicht, 
voraussichtlich dem Tageblatt (Luxemburg). Jede 
derartige 
Mitteilung 
gilt 
am 
Tag 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen am Tag der ersten solchen 
Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt. 
(3) Notices in Luxembourg. If the Pfandbriefe are 
listed on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, all notices concerning the 
Pfandbriefe shall also be published on the website 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange, 
www.bourse.lu. If publication on this website is not 
possible, the notices shall be published in a leading 
daily newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg. This newspaper is expected to be the 
Tageblatt (Luxembourg). Any notice so given will 
be deemed to have been validly given on the date of 
such publication (or, if published more than once, 
on the date of the first such publication). 
Der folgende Absatz (4) ist nur auf variabel 
verzinsliche Pfandbriefe anwendbar, bei denen 
eine zusätzliche Veröffentlichung erforderlich ist: 
The following paragraph (4) shall only apply to 
Floating Rate Pfandbriefe where additional 
publications are required: 
[(4) 
Weitere 
Veröffentlichungen. 
Alle 
die 
Pfandbriefe betreffenden Mitteilungen werden 
darüber hinaus in [Medium] veröffentlicht. Jede 
derartige 
Mitteilung 
gilt 
am 
Tag 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen am Tag der ersten solchen 
Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt.] 
[(4) 
Additional 
Publications. 
All 
notices 
concerning the Pfandbriefe shall also be published 
in [Medium]. Any notice so given will be deemed 
to have been validly given on the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on the 
date of the first such publication).] 
§ 11 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTLICHE 
GELTENDMACHUNG 
UND GERICHTSSTAND 
§ 11 
GOVERNING LAW, PLACE OF 
JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der 
Pfandbriefe sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der 
Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in 
jeder Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
(1) Governing Law. The Pfandbriefe, as to form and 
content, and all rights and obligations of the 
Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed in every 
respect by German law. 
(2) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger 
von 
Pfandbriefen 
ist 
berechtigt, 
in 
jedem 
Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem 
Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger und die 
Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
(2) Enforcement. Any Holder of Pfandbriefe may in 
any proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such 
Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and 
enforce in his own name his rights arising under 
such Pfandbriefe on the basis of:

--- Page 207 ---
- 202 - 
 
Pfandbriefen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden 
Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu machen: 
(a) 
Er 
bringt 
eine 
Bescheinigung 
der 
Depotbank bei, bei der er für die 
Pfandbriefe ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, 
welche (i) den vollständigen Namen und 
die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers 
enthält, (ii) den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Pfandbriefe bezeichnet, die unter dem 
Datum 
der 
Bestätigung 
auf 
dem 
Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (iii) 
bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber 
dem Clearingsystem eine schriftliche 
Erklärung 
abgegeben 
hat, 
die 
die 
vorstehend unter (i) und (ii) bezeichneten 
Informationen 
enthält 
und 
einen 
Bestätigungsvermerk des Clearingsystems 
trägt; und 
(a) 
a statement issued by the Custodian with 
whom such Holder maintains a securities 
account in respect of the Pfandbriefe (i) 
stating the full name and address of the 
Holder, (ii) specifying the aggregate 
principal amount of Pfandbriefe credited to 
such securities account on the date of such 
statement and (iii) confirming that the 
Custodian has given written notice to the 
Clearing 
System 
containing 
the 
information pursuant to (i) and (ii) which 
has been confirmed by the Clearing 
System; and 
(b) 
er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden 
Pfandbriefe verbriefenden Globalurkunde 
vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem 
Original 
eine 
vertretungsberechtigte 
Person des Clearingsystems oder des 
Verwahrers des Clearingsystems bestätigt 
hat, 
ohne 
dass 
eine 
Vorlage 
der 
Originalbelege oder der die Pfandbriefe 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem 
solchen Verfahren erforderlich wäre. 
(b) 
a copy of the Note in global form certified 
as being a true copy by a duly authorized 
officer of the Clearing System or a 
depository of the Clearing System, without 
the 
need 
for 
production 
in 
such 
proceedings of the actual records or the 
global note representing the Pfandbriefe. 
Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet 
"Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges 
anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und 
bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für 
die Pfandbriefe unterhält und ein Konto beim 
Clearingsystem 
unterhält, 
einschließlich 
des 
Clearingsystems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden 
kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den 
Pfandbriefe auch auf jede andere Weise schützen 
oder geltend machen, die im Land des Rechtsstreits 
prozessual zulässig ist. 
For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means 
any bank or other financial institution of recognized 
standing authorized to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Pfandbriefe and 
which maintains an account with the Clearing 
System, and includes the Clearing System. Each 
Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, 
protect and enforce his rights under these 
Pfandbriefe also in any other way which is admitted 
in Proceedings in the country in which the 
Proceedings take place. 
(3) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig 
für 
sämtliche 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit den 
Pfandbriefen entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige 
Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") 
ist 
das 
Landgericht Frankfurt am Main. 
(3) Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court 
(Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main shall have non-
exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal 
proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Pfandbriefe. 
§ 12 
SPRACHE 
§ 12 
LANGUAGE 
Diese Bedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist 
bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist unverbindlich. 
[These Conditions are written in the German 
language and provided with an English language 
translation. The German text shall be controlling 
and binding. The English language translation is 
provided for convenience only.]

--- Page 208 ---
- 203 - 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
MUSTER DER ENDGÜLTIGEN BEDINGUNGEN 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
[[senior][subordinated] Notes][Pfandbriefe] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the [[senior][subordinated] Notes][Pfandbriefe] is EITHER [eligible counterparties, professional 
clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")] OR 
[eligible counterparties and professional clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II")]; EITHER(
17
) [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
[[senior][subordinated] Notes][Pfandbriefe] are appropriate[, including investment advice, [portfolio 
management, ]non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR(18) [ and (ii) the following channels 
for distribution of the [[senior][subordinated] Notes][Pfandbriefe] are appropriate - investment 
advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject 
to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. 
[Consider further target market issues, if any] [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the [[senior][subordinated] Notes][Pfandbriefe] (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the [[senior][subordinated] Notes][Pfandbriefe] (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable](19).] (20) [●] 
[MiFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT – Die Zielmarktbestimmung 
im Hinblick auf die [[nicht nachrangigen][nachrangigen] Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] hat – 
ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem 
Ergebnis 
geführt, 
dass 
(i) 
der 
Zielmarkt 
für 
die 
[[nicht 
nachrangigen][nachrangigen] 
Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] ENTWEDER [geeignete Gegenparteien, professionelle Kunden 
und Kleinanleger, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID 
II")] ODER [geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 
2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II")], umfasst; ENTWEDER(21) [und (ii) alle 
Kanäle 
für 
den 
Vertrieb 
der 
[[nicht 
nachrangigen][nachrangigen] 
Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] angemessen sind, einschließlich Anlageberatung, [Portfolio-
Management, ]Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen] ODER(22) [und (ii) die 
folgenden 
Kanäle 
für 
den 
Vertrieb 
der 
die 
[[nicht 
nachrangigen][nachrangigen] 
Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] 
angemessen 
sind 
- 
Anlageberatung[,/ 
und] 
Portfolio-
Management[,/ und][ Verkäufe ohne Beratung ][und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, nach 
Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick auf die Geeignetheit 
bzw. Angemessenheit]] [Bitte jegliche weiteren Zielmarktkriterien berücksichtigen] [Bitte jegliche 
negativen 
Zielmärkte 
berücksichtigen]. 
Jede 
Person, 
die 
in 
der 
Folge 
die 
[[nicht 
nachrangigen][nachrangigen] Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt 
(ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] 
berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, 
 
(17) Include for Instruments that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured 
deposits (ESMA/2015/1787) (the "ESMA Guidelines"). 
(18) Include for notes that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, for example, if 
advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability and appropriateness will be necessary. 
In addition, if the Instruments constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to retail clients are not permitted without 
the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
(19) If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
(20) Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Instruments is "Retail Investor Target Market." 
(21) Einfügen für Instrumente, die nicht nach den Leitlinien zu komplexen Schuldtiteln und strukturierten Einlagen 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (die "ESMA Leitlinien") ESMA komplex sind. 
(22) Einfügen im Fall von Instrumenten, die nach den ESMA Leitlinien ESMA komplex sind. Diese Liste muss gegebenenfalls 
angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist die Bestimmung 
der Geeignetheit und Angemessenheit notwendig. Wenn die Instrumente "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße 
Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nach Art. 25(3) MiFID II nicht 
zulässig.

--- Page 209 ---
- 204 - 
 
seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die [[nicht nachrangigen][nachrangigen] 
Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die 
Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle[ 
nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. 
Angemessenheit](23), zu bestimmen.] (24) [●] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
[[senior][subordinated] Notes][Pfandbriefe] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the [[senior][subordinated] Notes][Pfandbriefe] is EITHER [eligible counterparties as defined in the 
UK Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (the 
"COBS"), retail clients, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK MiFIR")] OR [eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the UK Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (the 
"COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK MiFIR")]; EITHER(25) [and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the [[senior][subordinated] Notes][Pfandbriefe] are appropriate[, 
including investment advice, [portfolio management, ]non-advised sales and pure execution services] 
OR( 26 ) [and (ii) the following channels for distribution of the [[senior][subordinated] 
Notes][Pfandbriefe] are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] [portfolio management][,/and][non-
advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider further target market issues, if 
any] [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the [[senior][subordinated] Notes][Pfandbriefe] (a "Distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to 
the UK FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the [[senior][subordinated] Notes][Pfandbriefe] (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the Distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable](27).] (28) [●] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT – Die Zielmarktbestimmung 
im Hinblick auf die [[nicht nachrangigen][nachrangigen] Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] hat – 
ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem 
Ergebnis 
geführt, 
dass 
(i) 
der 
Zielmarkt 
für 
die 
[[nicht 
nachrangigen][nachrangigen] 
Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] ENTWEDER [geeignete Gegenparteien wie im UK Financial 
Conduct Authority ("FCA") Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") definiert, 
professionelle Kunden im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014 in der Gestalt, in der diese 
Bestandteil nationalen Rechts auf der Grundlage des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ist ("UK 
MiFIR") und Kleinanleger, im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565 in der 
Gestalt, in der diese Bestandteil nationalen Rechts auf der Grundlage des European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ist ] ODER [geeignete Gegenparteien wie im UK Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") definiert und professionelle Kunden im Sinne 
der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014 in der Gestalt, in der diese Bestandteil nationalen Rechts auf der 
 
(23) Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich. 
(24) Legende einsetzen, wenn MifID II Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Instrumente ergeben hat "Zielmarkt Kleinanleger". 
(25) Include for Instruments that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured 
deposits (ESMA/2015/1787) (the "ESMA Guidelines") (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
(26) Include for notes that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list 
may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of 
suitability and appropriateness will be necessary. In addition, if the Instruments constitute "complex" products, pure execution 
services to retail clients are not permitted without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under UK 
MiFIR. 
(27) If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
(28) Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Instruments is "Retail Investor Target Market."

--- Page 210 ---
- 205 - 
 
Grundlage des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ist ("UK MiFIR")], umfasst; ENTWEDER(29) 
[und 
(ii) 
alle 
Kanäle 
für 
den 
Vertrieb 
der 
[[nicht 
nachrangigen][nachrangigen] 
Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] angemessen sind, einschließlich Anlageberatung, [Portfolio-
Management, ]Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen] ODER(30) [und (ii) die 
folgenden 
Kanäle 
für 
den 
Vertrieb 
der 
die 
[[nicht 
nachrangigen][nachrangigen] 
Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] angemessen sind - Anlageberatung[,/ und] [Portfolio-
Management][,/ und][ Verkäufe ohne Beratung ][und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, nach 
Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter COBS im Hinblick auf die Geeignetheit bzw. 
Angemessenheit]] [Bitte jegliche weiteren Zielmarktkriterien berücksichtigen] [Bitte jegliche negativen 
Zielmärkte berücksichtigen]. Jede Person, die in der Folge die [[nicht nachrangigen][nachrangigen] 
Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") 
soll 
die 
Beurteilung 
des 
Zielmarkts 
[des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e] 
berücksichtigen; 
ein 
Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (die "UK MiFIR Produktüberwachungspflichten") unterliegt, ist indes dafür 
verantwortlich, 
seine 
eigene 
Zielmarktbestimmung 
im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
[[nicht 
nachrangigen][nachrangigen] Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] durchzuführen (entweder durch 
die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und 
angemessene Vertriebskanäle[ nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter COBS im 
Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit](31), zu bestimmen.](32) [●] 
[BENCHMARK REGULATION - STATEMENT IN RELATION TO ADMINISTRATOR'S 
REGISTRATION [Amounts payable under the [[senior][subordinated] Notes][Pfandbriefe] may be 
calculated by reference to Euribor, which is currently provided by European Money Markets 
Institute ("EMMI"). As at the date of these Final Terms, EMMI does appear on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011.] 
[BENCHMARK 
VERORDNUNG 
– 
AUSSAGEN 
IM 
ZUSAMMENHANG 
MIT 
DER 
REGISTRIERUNG VON ADMINISTRATOREN [Die unter den [[nicht nachrangigen][nachrangigen] 
Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefen] zahlbaren Beträge können unter Bezugnahme auf den Euribor, 
der derzeit vom European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI") zur Verfügung gestellt wird], berechnet 
werden. Zum Zeitpunkt dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen erscheint EMMI im entsprechenden 
Verzeichnis der Administratoren und Benchmarks. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS - The 
[[senior][subordinated] Notes][Pfandbriefe] are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the 
"IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
[[senior][subordinated] Notes][Pfandbriefe] or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the [[senior][subordinated] 
Notes][Pfandbriefe] or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
(29) Einfügen für Instrumente, die nicht nach den Leitlinien zu komplexen Schuldtiteln und strukturierten Einlagen (ESMA/2015/1787) 
(die "ESMA Leitlinien") ESMA komplex sind (im UK-Kontext, wie in COBS reflektiert). 
(30) Einfügen im Fall von Instrumenten, die nach den ESMA Leitlinien ESMA komplex sind (im UK-Kontext, wie in COBS reflektiert). 
Diese Liste muss gegebenenfalls angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der 
Anlageberatung ist die Bestimmung der Geeignetheit und Angemessenheit notwendig. Wenn die Instrumente "komplexe" 
Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der 
Angemessenheit nach Art. 25(3) MiFID II nicht zulässig. 
(31) Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich. 
(32) Legende einsetzen, wenn UK MiFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Instrumente ergeben hat "Zielmarkt Kleinanleger".

--- Page 211 ---
- 206 - 
 
VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM EUROPÄISCHEN WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM – 
Die [[nicht nachrangigen][nachrangigen] Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] sind nicht zum 
Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Europäischen 
Wirtschaftsraum ("EWR") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht angeboten, nicht an diese 
verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser 
Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden 
Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nr. 11 der Richtlinie 
2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"); (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Richtlinie 
2016/97/EU (geändert, die "IDD"), soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von 
Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nr. 10 MiFID II gilt; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne der 
Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, die "Prospektverordnung"). 
Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (geändert, die "PRIIP-
Verordnung") erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung der [[nicht nachrangigen][nachrangigen] Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] 
an Kleinanleger im EWR erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung der [[nicht nachrangigen][nachrangigen] Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] 
an Kleinanleger im EWR nach der PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.](33) 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The 
[[senior][subordinated] Notes][Pfandbriefe] are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as 
amended "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the [[senior][subordinated] Notes][Pfandbriefe] or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.](34) 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM VEREINIGTEN KÖNIGREICH – Die [[nicht 
nachrangigen][nachrangigen] Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] sind nicht zum Angebot, zum 
Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich ("UK") 
bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern in UK nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch 
nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet 
der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist 
ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, welche durch das EU 
Austrittsabkommen 2018 ("EUWA") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist; (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der 
Regelungen des Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "FSMA") 
und aller Vorschriften und Verordnungen, die im Rahmen des FSMA zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie 
(EU) 2016/97 erlassen wurden, soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 
2 Absatz 1 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014 gilt; welche durch EUWA Teil des nationales Rechts 
ist; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des 
Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, die 
"Prospektverordnung"), welche durch EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist. Entsprechend wurde kein 
nach der Verordnung (EU) 1286/2014, welche durch EUWA Teil des nationalen rechts ist (die "UK 
 
(33) Include Legend unless the Final Terms for the Instruments specify "Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable". 
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen für die Instrumente ein "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im 
Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum" für "Nicht anwendbar" erklären. 
(34) Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable". 
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich" 
für "Nicht anwendbar" erklären.

--- Page 212 ---
- 207 - 
 
PRIIP-Verordnung"), erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die 
sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung 
der 
[[nicht 
nachrangigen][nachrangigen] 
Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] an Kleinanleger in UK erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der 
Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger in UK 
nach der UK PRIIP-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]

--- Page 213 ---
- 208 - 
 
[Date] 
[Datum] 
FINAL TERMS 
ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN 
[Title of relevant Series of Instruments] 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Serie der Instrumente] 
[(to be consolidated, form a single issue with and increase the aggregate principal amount 
of the [Title of relevant Series of Instruments] issued on [   ]) to an amount of [   ](35)] 
[(Diese Anleihe wird mit den [Bezeichnung der betreffenden Serie der Instrumente] begeben am [   
] zusammengefasst werden, eine einheitliche Anleihe mit ihnen bilden und ihren Gesamtnennbetrag auf 
insgesamt [   ] erhöhen)] 
issued pursuant to the 
begeben auf Grund des 
EUR 1,500,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
of 
der 
Oldenburgische Landesbank Aktiengesellschaft 
[Pfandbrief] Series No.: [   ] 
[Pfandbrief] Serie Nr.: [   ] 
[Tranche Number:[   ] 
Nummer der Tranche: [   ]] 
[Temporary ISIN: [   ] 
[Vorläufige ISIN: [   ]] 
ISIN: 
[Temporary German Securities Code (WKN): [   ] 
[Vorläufige Wertpapierkennnummer (WKN): [   ]] 
Wertpapierkennnummer (WKN): 
[Temporary Common Code: [   ] 
Vorläufiger Common Code: [   ]] 
Common Code: [   ] 
[Other Securities Code: [   ] 
Andere Wertpapierkennnummer: [   ]] 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8(5) in conjunction with Article 25(4) of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (, as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction 
with the prospectus dated 30 March 2022 (including the documents incorporated therein by reference) 
pertaining to the EUR [] Debt Issuance Programme of Oldenburgische Landesbank Aktiengesellschaft 
(the "Programme") [and the supplement[s] dated [●] (including the documents incorporated by reference 
therein by each supplement)] (the "Prospectus"). 
The Terms and Conditions set out in Part I. have been extracted in whole from [in case of Long-form 
Conditions insert: Part I. of the Original Issue Final Terms] [in case of consolidated Conditions insert: 
the Original Issue Terms and Conditions] and replace [in case of Long-form Conditions insert: Part I. of 
the Final Terms] [in case of consolidated Conditions insert: the Terms and Conditions] set out in the 
Prospectus in whole.] 
The Prospectus is available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and copies may be obtained free of charge from Oldenburgische Landesbank 
 
(35) Include only in the case of fungible tranches. 
Nur bei fungiblen Tranchen einfügen.

--- Page 214 ---
- 209 - 
 
Aktiengesellschaft, Stau 15/17, 26122 Oldenburg. [A summary of the individual issue of the [Notes] 
[Pfandbriefe] is annexed to these Final Terms.](36) 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke des Art. 8 Absatz 5 in Verbindung mit Art. 25 
Absatz 4 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, die "Prospektverordnung") 
abgefasst und müssen in Verbindung mit dem Prospekt vom 8. Juni 2021 (einschließlich der Dokumente, 
welche darin durch Verweis einbezogen wurden) unter dem EUR [] Debt Issuance Programme der 
Oldenburgischen Landesbank Aktiengesellschaft (das "Programm") [und [dem Nachtrag][den 
Nachträgen] dazu vom [●] (einschließlich der Dokumente, welche durch jeden Nachtrag darin durch 
Verweis einbezogen wurden)] (der "Prospekt") gelesen werden. 
Die in Teil I. aufgeführten Emissionsbedingungen sind insgesamt [im Fall von nicht-konsolidierten 
Bedingungen einfügen: Teil I. der Ursprünglichen Emission- Endgültigen Bedingungen] [im Fall von 
konsolidierten Bedingungen einfügen: denn Ursprünglichen Emission- Emissionsbedingungen] 
entnommen und ersetzen insgesamt [im Fall von nicht-konsolidierten Bedingungen einfügen: den im 
Prospekt enthaltenen Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen] [im Fall von konsolidierten Bedingungen 
einfügen: die im Prospekt enthaltenen Emissionsbedingungen].] 
Der Prospekt kann in elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite der Wertpapierbörse Luxemburg 
(www.bourse.lu) eingesehen werden. Kostenlose Kopien sind erhältlich bei der Oldenburgischen 
Landesbank Aktiengesellschaft, Stau 15/17, 26122 Oldenburg, Deutschland. [Eine Zusammenfassung der 
einzelnen Emission der [Pfandbriefe] [Schuldverschreibungen] ist diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen 
angefügt.](36) 
 
(36)  Not required in the case of an issue of Instruments with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. The Issuer may, 
however, decide to prepare an issue specific summary on a voluntary basis. 
Nicht erforderlich für Instrumente mit einer Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. Die Emittentin kann jedoch auf 
freiwilliger Basis eine emissionsspezifische Zusammenfassung erstellen.

--- Page 215 ---
- 210 - 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
ALLGEMEINE ANGABEN 
[Issue Price:(37)  
[●] per cent. [plus accrued interest for [   ] days(38)] 
Ausgabepreis:  
[●] % [zuzüglich Stückzinsen für [   ] Tage]] 
Issue Date:  
[   ] 
Tag der Begebung: 
[   ] 
 
 
(37) Not required for Instruments with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
Nicht erforderlich für Instrumente mit einer Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
(38) Include only in the case of fungible tranches and only if applicable for this specific fungible tranche. 
Nur bei fungiblen Tranchen einfügen und nur dann, wenn für diese spezifische Tranche anwendbar.

--- Page 216 ---
- 211 - 
 
PART I.: TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
Teil I.: EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
[A. In the case the Options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Instruments are to be determined 
by replicating the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I, Option II, Option III, 
Option IV or Option V including certain further options, if any, contained therein, respectively, and 
completing the relevant placeholders: 
A. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Instrumenten geltenden Optionen durch Wiederholung der 
betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I, Option II, Option III, Option IV oder Option V aufgeführten 
Angaben (einschließlich der ggf. jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und die 
betreffenden Leerstellen vervollständigt werden:(39) 
The Conditions applicable to the [senior Notes][subordinated Notes][Pfandbriefe] (the "Conditions") and 
the [German][English] language translation thereof, are as set out below. 
Die 
für 
die 
[nicht 
nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen][nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] 
geltenden 
Bedingungen 
(die 
"Bedingungen") 
sowie 
die 
[deutschsprachige][englischsprachige] Übersetzung sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[in the case of senior Fixed Rate Notes replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I including relevant 
further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders]  
[im Fall von nicht nachrangigen festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen hier die betreffenden Angaben 
der Option I (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen 
vervollständigen] 
[in the case of senior Floating Rate Notes replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II including 
relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders]  
[im Fall von nicht nachrangigen variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen hier die betreffenden 
Angaben der Option II (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende 
Leerstellen vervollständigen] 
[in the case of subordinated Notes replicate here the relevant provisions of Option III including relevant 
further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option III 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen 
vervollständigen] 
[in the case of Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe replicate here the relevant provisions of Option IV including relevant 
further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders]  
[im Fall von Fixed Rate Pfandbriefen hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option IV (einschließlich der 
betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen] 
[in the case of Floating Rate Pfandbriefe replicate here the relevant provisions of Option V including 
relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders]  
[im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefen hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option V 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen 
vervollständigen]] 
 
 
 
(39)  To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen.

--- Page 217 ---
- 212 - 
 
[B. In the case the Options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Instruments are to be determined 
by referring to the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I, Option II, Option III, 
Option IV or Option V including certain further options contained therein, respectively, insert: 
B. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Instrumenten geltenden Optionen, die durch Verweisung 
auf die betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I, Option II, Option III, Option IV oder Option V 
aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt 
werden, einfügen: 
This Part I. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply 
to [senior Fixed Rate Notes][senior Floating Rate Notes][subordinated Notes][Fixed Rate 
Pfandbriefe][Floating Rate Pfandbriefe]] (the "Terms and Conditions") set forth in the Prospectus as 
[Option I][Option II][Option III][Option IV] [Option V]. Capitalised terms used but not defined in these 
Final Terms shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions.  
Dieser Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Emissionsbedingungen, der 
auf [nicht nachrangige festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen][nicht nachrangige variabel verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen][nachrangige 
Schuldverschreibungen][festverzinsliche 
Pfandbriefe][variabel 
verzinsliche Pfandbriefe]] Anwendung findet (die "Emissionsbedingungen"), zu lesen, der als 
[Option I][Option II][Option III][Option IV][Option V] im Prospekt enthalten ist. Begriffe, die in diesen 
Endgültigen Bedingungen benutzt, aber nicht definiert werden, haben die in den Emissionsbedingungen 
zugewiesene Bedeutung. 
All references in this Part I. of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to paragraphs 
and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich 
auf die Paragraphen und Absätze der Emissionsbedingungen. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the [senior 
Notes][subordinated Notes][Pfandbriefe] shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in 
the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the 
Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in these Final Terms which are either not selected or 
completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions applicable to 
the [senior Notes][subordinated Notes][Pfandbriefe] (the "Conditions"). 
Die 
Leerstellen 
in 
den 
auf 
die 
[nicht 
nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen][nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] anwendbaren Bestimmungen der Emissionsbedingungen gelten als 
durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den 
betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der 
Emissionsbedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen beziehen, die weder 
angekreuzt noch ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den auf die [nicht nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen][nachrangigen 
Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] 
anwendbaren 
Emissionsbedingungen (die "Bedingungen") gestrichen.

--- Page 218 ---
- 213 - 
 
OPTION I: Senior Fixed Rate Notes  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
OPTION I: Nicht nachrangige festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1) 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN (§ 1) 
Currency, Denomination (§ 1 par. 1) 
Währung, Stückelung (§ 1 Absatz 1) 
Specified Currency: 
[   ] ("[   ]") 
Festgelegte Währung: 
[   ] ("[   ]") 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
[   ] 
Gesamtnennbetrag: 
[   ] 
Specified Denomination:(40) 
[   ] 
Festgelegte Stückelung: 
[   ] 
[Permanent Global Note] [Temporary Global Note – Exchange] (§ 1 par. 3) 
[Dauerglobalurkunde] [Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch] (§ 1 Absatz 3) 
Form of Notes: 
Art der Verbriefung: 
 
Permanent Global Note 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde austauschbar gegen Dauerglobalurkunde 
Clearing System (§ 1 par. 4) 
Clearingsystem (§ 1 Absatz 4) 
 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main ("CBF") 
Mergenthalerallee 61, D-65760 Eschborn 
 
Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg ("CBL") 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as Operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, als Betreiberin des Euroclear System ("Euroclear") 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels 
 
Other Clearingsystem 
[Name, Address] 
Anderes Clearingsystem 
[Name, Adresse] 
 
Classical Global Note(41) 
Classical Global Note 
 
(40) The minimum denomination of the Notes issued will be EUR 1,000 or an amount in any other currency which is at least 
equivalent on the issue date. 
Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen, die begeben werden, ist EUR 1.000 oder mindestens ein am Tag der 
Begebung diesem Betrag entsprechender Betrag in einer anderen Währung. 
(41)  Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs. 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen.

--- Page 219 ---
- 214 - 
 
 
New Global Note(42) 
New Global Note 
STATUS (§ 2) 
STATUS (§ 2) 
Status of the Notes (§ 2 par. 1) 
Rang der Schuldverschreibungen (§ 2 Absatz 1) 
 
Senior non-MREL-eligible 
Nicht nachrangig, nicht MREL-berücksichtigungsfähig 
 
Senior preferred MREL-eligible 
Nicht nachrangig, bevorrechtigt, MREL-berücksichtigungsfähig 
 
Senior non-preferred MREL-eligible 
Nicht nachrangig, nicht bevorrechtigt, MREL-berücksichtigungsfähig 
INTEREST (§ 3) 
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
 
Senior Fixed Rate Notes which are not senior Step-up/Step-down Notes  
Nicht nachrangige festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen, die keine nicht nachrangige Step-
up/Step-down Schuldverschreibungen sind 
[Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates (§ 3 par. 1) 
Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage (§ 3 Absatz 1) 
Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
Zinssatz: 
[    ] % per annum 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[    ] 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[    ] 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] 
Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[    ] 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[    ][(short first coupon)][(long first coupon)] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag: 
[    ][(kurzer erster Kupon)][(langer erster Kupon)] 
Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity Date: 
[    ] 
[(short last coupon)][(long last coupon)] 
Zinszahlungstag, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorangeht: 
[    ] 
[(kurzer letzter Kupon)][(langer letzter Kupon)]] 
 
Senior Step-Up / Step-down Notes 
Nicht nachrangige Step-Up bzw. Step-Down Schuldverschreibungen 
[Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates (§ 3 par. 1) 
Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage (§ 3 Absatz 1) 
Rate of Interest: 
From the Interest Commencement Date (including) 
to [    ] (excluding) [    ] per cent. per annum; 
[from [    ] (including) 
to [    ] (excluding) [    ] per cent. per annum;(43);] 
 
(42)  Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs. 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen. 
(43) Insert further periods as applicable.

--- Page 220 ---
- 215 - 
 
and from [    ] (including) 
until the Maturity Date (excluding) [    ] per cent. per annum 
Zinssatz: 
Vom Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) 
bis zum [    ] (ausschließlich) [    ] % per annum; 
[vom [    ] (einschließlich) 
bis zum [    ] (ausschließlich) [    ] % per annum(44);] 
und vom [    ] (einschließlich) 
bis zum Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) [    ] % per annum 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[    ] 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[    ] 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] 
Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[    ] 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[    ][(short first coupon)][(long first coupon)] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag: 
[    ][(kurzer erster Kupon)][(langer erster Kupon)] 
Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity Date: 
[    ] 
[(short last coupon)][(long last coupon)] 
Zinszahlungstag, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorangeht: 
[    ] 
[(kurzer letzter Kupon)][(langer letzter Kupon)]] 
Day Count Fraction (§ 3 par. 4) 
Zinstagequotient (§ 3 Absatz 4) 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[Determination Date(s)] 
Feststellungstag(e): 
[Feststellungstag(e)]] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/360 
 
30/360 
PAYMENTS (§ 4) 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4) 
Payment Business Day (§ 4 par. 5) 
Zahlungstag (§ 4 Absatz 5) 
Relevant Financial Centre(s) (specify all): 
[TARGET2][   ] 
Relevante Finanzzentren (alle angeben): 
[TARGET2][   ] 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
Final Redemption [(§ 5 par. 1)] 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit [(§ 5 Absatz 1)] 
Maturity Date: 
[    ] 
Fälligkeitstag: 
[    ] 
 
(44) Weitere Zeiträume nach Bedarf einfügen.

--- Page 221 ---
- 216 - 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
[(§ 5 par. 2)] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin  
[(§ 5 Absatz 2)] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[Call Redemption Date(s): 
[    ] 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Call): 
[    ] 
Call Redemption Amount(s): 
[Principal amount of the Note] 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Call): 
[Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibung]] 
Insert relevant Business Day for receipt of notice of redemption:(45) 
[fifth][    ] Business Day 
Maßgeblichen Geschäftstag für Zugang der Kündigung: 
[fünfter][    ] Geschäftstag 
Relevant Financial Centres for Business Day: 
[TARGET2][    ] 
Relevante Finanzzentren für Geschäftstag: 
[TARGET2][    ]] 
PAYING AGENTS (§ 6) 
ZAHLSTELLEN (§ 6) 
Additional Paying Agent [(§ 6 par. 2)] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Weitere Zahlstelle [(§ 6 Absatz 2)] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[Paying Agent(s): 
[Insert Paying Agent(s)/specified office(s)] 
Zahlstelle(n): 
[Zahlstelle(n)/bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle(n) einfügen]] 
NOTICES (§ 11) 
MITTEILUNGEN (§ 11) 
Additional Publications [(§ 11 par. 4)] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Weitere Veröffentlichungen [(§ 11 Absatz 4)] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[Additional Publication: 
[Medium] 
Weitere Veröffentlichung: 
[Medium]] 
AMENDMENTS TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
BY RESOLUTION OF THE NOTEHOLDERS; 
JOINT REPRESENTATIVE [(§12)] 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
ÄNDERUNG DER EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN DURCH 
BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER;  
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER [(§ 12)] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[Majority (§ 12 par. 2) 
Mehrheitserfordernisse (§ 12 Absatz 2) 
Qualified Majority 
[Specify percentage] per cent. 
Qualifizierte Mehrheit 
[Prozentsatz angeben] % 
Holders' Representative (§ 12 par. 5) 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter (§ 12 Absatz 5) 
Holders' Representative 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter 
 
No Holders' Representative designated 
Kein gemeinsamer Vertreter bestimmt 
 
(45) Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream 
require 
a 
minimum 
notice 
period 
of 
five 
business 
days 
(call). 
Euroclear und Clearstream verlangen eine Mindestkündigungsfrist von fünf Geschäftstagen (Call).

--- Page 222 ---
- 217 - 
 
  
Holders' Representative designated 
[Specify name and address] 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter bestimmt 
[Name und Anschrift angeben]] 
LANGUAGE (§ [12][13][14]) 
SPRACHE (§ [12][13][14]) 
Language of Conditions 
Sprache der Bedingungen 
 
English and German (English binding) 
Englisch und Deutsch (englischer Text maßgeblich) 
 
German and English (German binding) 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text maßgeblich)]

--- Page 223 ---
- 218 - 
 
OPTION II: Senior Floating Rate Notes  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
OPTION II: Nicht nachrangige variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1) 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN (§ 1) 
Currency, Denomination (§ 1 par. 1) 
Währung, Stückelung (§ 1 Absatz 1) 
Specified Currency: 
[   ] ("[   ]") 
Festgelegte Währung: 
[   ] ("[   ]") 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
[   ] 
Gesamtnennbetrag: 
[   ] 
Specified Denomination:(46) 
[   ] 
Festgelegte Stückelung: 
[   ] 
[Permanent Global Note] [Temporary Global Note – Exchange] (§ 1 par. 3) 
[Dauerglobalurkunde] [Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch] (§ 1 Absatz 3) 
Form of Notes: 
Art der Verbriefung: 
 
Permanent Global Note 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde austauschbar gegen Dauerglobalurkunde 
Clearing System (§ 1 par. 4) 
Clearingsystem (§ 1 Absatz 4) 
 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main ("CBF") 
Mergenthalerallee 61, D-65760 Eschborn 
 
Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg ("CBL") 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as Operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, als Betreiberin des Euroclear System ("Euroclear") 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels 
 
Other Clearingsystem 
[Name, Address] 
Anderes Clearingsystem 
[Name, Adresse] 
 
Classical Global Note(47) 
Classical Global Note 
 
New Global Note(48) 
New Global Note 
 
(46) The minimum denomination of the Notes issued will be EUR 1,000 or an amount in any other currency which is at least 
equivalent on the issue date. 
Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen, die begeben werden, ist EUR 1.000 oder mindestens ein am Tag der 
Begebung diesem Betrag entsprechender Betrag in einer anderen Währung. 
(47)  Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs. 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen. 
(48)  Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs. 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen.

--- Page 224 ---
- 219 - 
 
STATUS (§ 2) 
STATUS (§ 2) 
Status of the Notes (§ 2 par. 1) 
Rang der Schuldverschreibungen (§ 2 Absatz 1) 
 
Senior non-MREL-eligible 
Nicht nachrangig, nicht MREL-berücksichtigungsfähig 
 
Senior preferred MREL-eligible 
Nicht nachrangig, bevorrechtigt, MREL-berücksichtigungsfähig 
 
Senior non-preferred MREL-eligible 
Nicht nachrangig, nicht bevorrechtigt, MREL-berücksichtigungsfähig 
INTEREST (§ 3) 
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
Interest Payment Dates (§ 3 par. 1) 
Zinszahlungstage (§ 3 Absatz 1) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[    ] 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[    ] 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] ([adjusted][unadjusted]) 
Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[    ] ([angepasst][nicht angepasst]) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[    ] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag: 
[    ] 
Business Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Geschäftstagskonvention: 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
Modifizierte-Folgender-Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
Folgender-Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
Vorangegangener-Geschäftstag-Konvention] 
Relevant Financial Centres for Business Day: 
[TARGET2] [London][Stockholm] 
[other relevant Financial 
Centre] 
Relevante Finanzzentren für Geschäftstag: 
[TARGET2] [London][Stockholm] 
[anderes relevantes 
Finanzzentrum] 
Rate of Interest (§ 3 par. 2) 
Zinssatz (§ 3 Absatz 2) 
Rate of Interest: 
Zinssatz: 
 
Reference Rate [[plus][minus] Margin] 
Referenzsatz [[zuzüglich][abzüglich] Marge] 
 
X multiplied with Reference Rate plus Y 
X multipliziert mit Referenzsatz plus Y 
 
Y plus X multiplied with (Reference Rate(1) minus Reference Rate(2)) 
Y plus X multipliziert mit (Referenzsatz(1) minus Referenzsatz(2))

--- Page 225 ---
- 220 - 
 
Reference Rate[(1)]:  
[insert weeks/months] 
Referenzsatz[(1)]:  
[Anzahl Wochen/Monate einfügen] 
Reference Rate(2):  
[Not Applicable][insert weeks/months] 
Referenzsatz(2)  
[Nicht anwendbar][Anzahl Wochen/Monate einfügen] 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable] [[    ] per cent. per annum] 
Marge: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [[    ] % per annum] 
X: 
[Not Applicable][[plus][minus][    ] per cent.per annum] 
X: 
[Nicht anwendbar][[plus][minus][    ] % per annum] 
Y:  
[Not Applicable][0][[plus][minus][    ] per cent. per annum] 
Y: 
[Nicht anwendbar][0][[plus][minus][    ] % per annum] 
Interest Determination Date: 
Zinsfestlegungstag: 
 
[Second][other relevant day] TARGET Business Day prior to the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period 
[Zweiter][anderer relevanter Tag] TARGET-Geschäftstag vor Beginn der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
 
[Relevant day] TARGET Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date 
[Relevanter Tag] TARGET-Geschäftstag vor dem jeweiligen Zinszahlungstag 
Screen page: 
[    ] 
Bildschirmseite: 
[    ]] 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Interpolation: 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[ 
First Interest Period (first [short] [long] coupon) 
Erste Zinsperiode (erster [kurzer] [langer] Kupon) 
[First relevant reference rate:  
[    ] 
Erster relevanter Referenzsatz: 
[    ] 
Second relevant reference rate: 
[    ] 
Zweiter relevanter Referenzsatz: 
[    ]] 
 
Last Interest Period ([short] [long] last coupon) 
Letzte Zinsperiode ([kurzer] [langer] letzter Kupon) 
[Specified Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity Date: 
[    ] 
Festgelegter Zinszahlungstag, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorangeht: 
[    ] 
First relevant reference rate:  
[    ] 
Erster relevanter Referenzsatz: 
[    ] 
Second relevant reference rate: 
[    ] 
Zweiter relevanter Referenzsatz: 
[    ]]] 
Minimum Rate of Interest [(§ 3 par. 3)] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Mindestzinssatz [(§ 3 Absatz 3)] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
Mindestzinssatz: 
[    ] % per annum] 
Maximum Rate of Interest [(§ 3 par. [3][4])] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Höchstzinssatz [(§ 3 Absatz [3][4])] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
Höchstzinssatz: 
[    ] % per annum]

--- Page 226 ---
- 221 - 
 
Day Count Fraction (§ 3 par. [7][8][9]) 
Zinstagequotient (§ 3 Absatz ([7][8][9])) 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[Determination Date(s)] 
Feststellungstag(e): 
[Feststellungstag(e)]] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/360 
 
30/360] 
PAYMENTS (§ 4) 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4) 
Payment Business Day (§ 4 par. 5) 
Zahlungstag (§ 4 Absatz 5) 
Relevant Financial Centre(s) (specify all): 
[TARGET2][   ] 
Relevante Finanzzentren (alle angeben): 
[TARGET2][   ] 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
Final Redemption [(§ 5 par. 1)] 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit [(§ 5 Absatz 1)] 
Maturity Date: 
[Interest Payment Date falling in [   ]] 
[    ] 
Fälligkeitstag:  
[In den [   ] fallender Zinszahlungstag] 
[    ] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
[(§ 5 par. 2)] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin  
[(§ 5 Absatz 2)] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[Call Redemption Date(s): 
[Interest Payment Date falling in [   ]] 
[    ] 
[insert additional Call Redemption Dates, if applicable] 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Call): 
[In den [   ] fallender Zinszahlungstag] 
[    ] 
[weitere Wahl-Rückzahlungstage (Call) einfügen, falls erforderlich] 
Insert relevant Business Day for receipt of notice of redemption:(49) 
[fifth][    ] Business Day 
Maßgeblichen Geschäftstag für Zugang der Kündigung: 
[fünfter][    ] Geschäftstag 
Relevant Financial Centres for Business Day: 
[TARGET2][    ] 
Relevante Finanzzentren für Geschäftstag: 
[TARGET2][    ]] 
 
(49) Euroclear requires a minimum notice period of five business days. 
Euroclear verlangt eine Mindestkündigungsfrist von fünf Geschäftstagen.

--- Page 227 ---
- 222 - 
 
PAYING AGENTS AND CALCULATION AGENT (§ 6) 
ZAHLSTELLEN UND BERECHNUNGSSTELLE § 6) 
Fiscal Agent (§ 6 par. 1) 
Fiscal Agent (§ 6 Absatz 1) 
Additional Paying Agent [(§ 6 par. 2)] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Weitere Zahlstelle [(§ 6 Absatz 2)] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[Paying Agent(s): 
[Insert Paying Agent(s)/specified office(s)] 
Zahlstelle(n): 
[Zahlstelle(n)/bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle(n) einfügen]] 
Calculation Agent (§ 6 par. [2][3]) 
Berechnungsstelle (§ 6 Absatz [2][3]) 
Calculation Agent: 
Berechnungsstelle: 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main 
 
Other Calculation Agent/specified office 
[    ] 
Andere Berechnungsstelle/bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
[    ] 
NOTICES (§ 11) 
MITTEILUNGEN (§ 11) 
Additional Publications [(§ 11 par. 4)] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Weitere Veröffentlichungen [(§ 11 Absatz 4)] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[Additional Publication: 
[Medium] 
Weitere Veröffentlichung: 
[Medium]] 
AMENDMENTS TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
BY RESOLUTION OF THE NOTEHOLDERS; 
JOINT REPRESENTATIVE [(§ 12)] 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
ÄNDERUNG DER EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN DURCH 
BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER;  
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER [(§ 12)] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Majority (§ 12 par. 2) 
Mehrheitserfordernisse (§ 12 Absatz 2) 
Qualified Majority 
[Specify percentage] per cent. 
Qualifizierte Mehrheit 
[Prozentsatz angeben] % 
Holders' Representative (§ 12 par. 5) 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter (§ 12 Absatz 5) 
Holders' Representative 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter 
  
No Holders' Representative designated 
Kein gemeinsamer Vertreter bestimmt 
 
Holders' Representative designated 
[Specify name and address] 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter bestimmt 
[Name und Anschrift angeben]] 
LANGUAGE (§ [12][13][14]) 
SPRACHE (§ [12][13][14]) 
Language of Conditions 
Sprache der Bedingungen

--- Page 228 ---
- 223 - 
 
 
English and German (English binding) 
Englisch und Deutsch (englischer Text maßgeblich) 
 
German and English (German binding) 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text maßgeblich)]

--- Page 229 ---
- 224 - 
 
OPTION III: Subordinated Notes  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
OPTION III: Nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1) 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN (§ 1) 
Currency, Denomination (§ 1 par. 1) 
Währung, Stückelung (§ 1 Absatz 1) 
Specified Currency: 
[   ] ("[   ]") 
Festgelegte Währung: 
[   ] ("[   ]") 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
[   ] 
Gesamtnennbetrag: 
[   ] 
Specified Denomination:(50) 
[   ] 
Festgelegte Stückelung: 
[   ] 
[Permanent Global Note] [Temporary Global Note – Exchange] (§ 1 par. 3) 
[Dauerglobalurkunde] [Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch] (§ 1 Absatz 3) 
Form of Notes: 
Art der Verbriefung: 
 
Permanent Global Note 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde austauschbar gegen Dauerglobalurkunde 
Clearing System (§ 1 par. 4) 
Clearingsystem (§ 1 Absatz 4) 
 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main ("CBF") 
Mergenthalerallee 61, D-65760 Eschborn 
 
Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg ("CBL") 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as Operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, als Betreiberin des Euroclear System ("Euroclear") 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels 
 
Other Clearingsystem 
[Name, Address] 
Anderes Clearingsystem 
[Name, Adresse] 
 
Classical Global Note(51) 
Classical Global Note 
 
New Global Note(52) 
New Global Note 
 
(50) The minimum denomination of the Notes issued will be EUR 1,000 or an amount in any other currency which is at least 
equivalent on the issue date. – Please note section 65b of the German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz). 
Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen, die begeben werden, ist EUR 1.000 oder mindestens ein am Tag der 
Begebung diesem Betrag entsprechender Betrag in einer anderen Währung. –§ 65b Wertpapierhandelsgesetz ist zu beachten. 
(51)  Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs. 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen. 
(52)  Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs. 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen.

--- Page 230 ---
- 225 - 
 
INTEREST (§ 3) 
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
 
Subordinated Fixed Rate Notes which are no subordinated Step-up/Step-down Notes and no 
subordinated Callable Fixed Rate Reset Notes 
Nachrangige festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen, die keine nachrangigen Step-up/Step-
down Schuldverschreibungen und keine nachrangigen kündbaren festverzinslichen Reset-
Schuldverschreibungen sind 
[Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates (§ 3 par. 1) 
Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage (§ 3 Absatz 1) 
Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
Zinssatz: 
[    ] % per annum 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[    ] 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[    ] 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] 
Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[    ] 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[    ][(short first coupon)][(long first coupon)] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag: 
[    ][(kurzer erster Kupon)][(langer erster Kupon)] 
Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity Date: 
[    ][(short last coupon)][(long last 
coupon)] 
Zinszahlungstag, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorangeht: [    ][(kurzer letzter Kupon)][(langer 
letzter Kupon)]] 
Screen page: 
[    ] 
Bildschirmseite: 
[    ]] 
 
Subordinated Step-Up / Step-down Notes 
Nachrangige Step-Up bzw. Step-Down Schuldverschreibungen 
[Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates (§ 3 par. 1) 
Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage (§ 3 Absatz 1) 
Rate of Interest: 
From the Interest Commencement Date (including) 
to [    ] (excluding) [    ] per cent. per annum; 
[from [    ] (including) 
to [    ] (excluding) [    ] per cent. per annum;(53);] 
and from [    ] (including) 
until the Maturity Date (excluding) [    ] per cent. per annum 
Zinssatz: 
Vom Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) 
bis zum [    ] (ausschließlich) [    ] % per annum; 
[vom [    ] (einschließlich) 
bis zum [    ] (ausschließlich) [    ] % per annum(54);] 
und vom [    ] (einschließlich) 
bis zum Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) [    ] % per annum 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[    ] 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[    ] 
 
(53) Insert further periods as applicable. 
(54) Weitere Zeiträume nach Bedarf einfügen.

--- Page 231 ---
- 226 - 
 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] 
Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[    ] 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[    ][(short first coupon)][(long first coupon)] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag: 
[    ][(kurzer erster Kupon)][(langer erster Kupon)] 
Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity Date: 
[    ] 
[(short last coupon)][(long last coupon)] 
Zinszahlungstag, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorangeht: 
[    ] 
[(kurzer letzter Kupon)][(langer letzter Kupon)]] 
 
Subordinated Callable Fixed Rate Reset Notes 
Nachrangige kündbare festverzinsliche Reset-Schuldverschreibungen 
[Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates (§ 3 par. 1) 
Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage (§ 3 Absatz 1) 
Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
Zinssatz: 
[    ] % per annum 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[    ] 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[    ] 
Margin: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
Marge:  
[    ] % per annum 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] 
Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[    ] 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[    ] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag: 
[    ] 
Insert relevant number of years for swap rate: 
[    ] Year Euro Swap Rate 
Anzahl der anwendbaren Jahre für  
Swap-Satz einfügen: 
[    ]-Jahres-Euro-Swap-Satz 
Insert relevant number of years for quotation: 
[    ] Year Swap Quotation 
Anzahl der anwendbaren Jahre für  
Quotierung einfügen: 
[    ]-Jahres-Swap-Quotierung 
Day Count Fraction (§ 3 par. 4) 
Zinstagequotient (§ 3 Absatz 4) 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[Determination Date(s)] 
Feststellungstag(e): 
[Feststellungstag(e)]] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/360 
 
30/360 
PAYMENTS (§ 4) 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4) 
Payment Business Day (§ 4 par. 5) 
Zahlungstag (§ 4 Absatz 5) 
Relevant Financial Centre(s) (specify all): 
[TARGET2][   ] 
Relevante Finanzzentren (alle angeben): 
[TARGET2][   ]

--- Page 232 ---
- 227 - 
 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
Final Redemption (§ 5 par. 1) 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit (§ 5 Absatz 1) 
Maturity Date: 
[    ] 
Fälligkeitstag: 
[    ] 
Early Redemption for Regulatory Reasons (§ 5 par. 2) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus regulatorischen Gründen (§ 5 Absatz 2) 
Issue Date: 
[    ] 
Emissionstag: 
[    ] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer [(§ 5 par. 3)] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin [(§ 5 Absatz 3)] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[Call Redemption Date(s): 
[    ] 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Call): 
[    ] 
Insert relevant Business Day for receipt of notice of redemption:(55) 
[fifth][    ] Business Day 
Maßgeblichen Geschäftstag für Zugang der Kündigung: 
[fünfter][    ] Geschäftstag 
Relevant Financial Centres for Business Day: 
[TARGET2][    ] 
Relevante Finanzzentren für Geschäftstag: 
[TARGET2][    ]] 
PAYING AGENTS [AND CALCULATION AGENT] (§ 6) 
ZAHLSTELLEN [UND BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] (§ 6) 
Additional Paying Agent [(§ 6 par. 2)] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Weitere Zahlstelle [(§ 6 Absatz 2)] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[Paying Agent(s): 
[Insert Paying Agent(s)/specified office(s)] 
Zahlstelle(n): 
[Zahlstelle(n)/bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle(n) einfügen]] 
Calculation Agent [(§ 6 par. [2][3])] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Berechnungsstelle [(§ 6 Absatz [2][3])] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[Calculation Agent: 
Berechnungsstelle: 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main 
 
Other Calculation Agent/specified office 
[    ] 
Andere Berechnungsstelle/bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
[    ]] 
NOTICES (§ 11) 
MITTEILUNGEN (§ 11) 
Additional Publications [(§ 11 par. 4)] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Weitere Veröffentlichungen [(§ 11 Absatz 4)] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[Additional Publication: 
[Medium] 
Weitere Veröffentlichung: 
[Medium]] 
 
(55) Euroclear and Clearstream require a minimum notice period of five business days (call). 
Euroclear und Clearstream verlangen eine Mindestkündigungsfrist von fünf Geschäftstagen (Call).

--- Page 233 ---
- 228 - 
 
AMENDMENTS TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
BY RESOLUTION OF THE NOTEHOLDERS; 
JOINT REPRESENTATIVE [(§ 12)] 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
ÄNDERUNG DER EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN DURCH 
BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER;  
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER [(§ 12)] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[Majority (§ 12 par. 2) 
Mehrheitserfordernisse (§ 12 Absatz 2) 
Qualified Majority 
[Specify percentage] per cent. 
Qualifizierte Mehrheit 
[Prozentsatz angeben] % 
Holders' Representative (§ 12 par. 5) 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter (§ 12 Absatz 5) 
Holders' Representative 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter 
 
No Holders' Representative designated 
Kein gemeinsamer Vertreter bestimmt 
  
Holders' Representative designated 
[Specify name and address] 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter bestimmt 
[Name und Anschrift angeben]]

--- Page 234 ---
- 229 - 
 
OPTION IV: Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
OPTION IV: Festverzinsliche Pfandbriefe 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1) 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN (§ 1) 
Currency, Denomination (§ 1 par. 1) 
Währung, Stückelung (§ 1 Absatz 1) 
Specified Currency: 
[   ] ("[   ]") 
Festgelegte Währung: 
[   ] ("[   ]") 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
[   ] 
Gesamtnennbetrag: 
[   ] 
Specified Denomination:(56) 
[   ] 
Festgelegte Stückelung: 
[   ] 
[Permanent Global Note] [Temporary Global Note – Exchange] (§ 1 par. 3) 
[Dauerglobalurkunde] [Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch] (§ 1 Absatz 3) 
Form of Pfandbriefe: 
Art der Verbriefung: 
 
Permanent Global Note 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde austauschbar gegen Dauerglobalurkunde 
Clearing System (§ 1 par. 4) 
Clearingsystem (§ 1 Absatz 4) 
 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main ("CBF") 
Mergenthalerallee 61, D-65760 Eschborn 
 
Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg ("CBL") 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as Operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, als Betreiberin des Euroclear System ("Euroclear") 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels 
 
Other Clearingsystem 
[Name, Address] 
Anderes Clearingsystem 
[Name, Adresse] 
 
Classical Global Note(57) 
Classical Global Note 
 
New Global Note(58) 
New Global Note 
 
(56) The minimum denomination of the Pfandbriefe issued will be EUR 1,000 or an amount in any other currency which is at least 
equivalent on the issue date. 
Die Mindeststückelung der Pfandbriefe, die begeben werden, ist EUR 1.000 oder mindestens ein am Tag der Begebung diesem 
Betrag entsprechender Betrag in einer anderen Währung. 
(57)  Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs. 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen. 
(58)  Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs. 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen.

--- Page 235 ---
- 230 - 
 
INTEREST (§ 3) 
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
 
Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe which are not Step-up/Step-down Pfandbriefe  
Festverzinsliche Pfandbriefe, die nicht Step-up/Step-down Pfandbriefe sind 
[Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates (§ 3 par. 1) 
Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage (§ 3 Absatz 1) 
Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
Zinssatz: 
[    ] % per annum 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[    ] 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[    ] 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] 
Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[    ] 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[    ][(short first coupon)][(long first coupon)] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag: 
[    ][(kurzer erster Kupon)][(langer erster Kupon)] 
Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity Date: 
[    ] 
[(short last coupon)][(long last coupon)] 
Zinszahlungstag, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorangeht: 
[    ] 
[(kurzer letzter Kupon)][(langer letzter Kupon)] 
 
Step-Up / Step-down Pfandbriefe 
Step-Up bzw. Step-Down Pfandbriefe 
[Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates (§ 3 par. 1) 
Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage (§ 3 Absatz 1) 
Rate of Interest: 
From the Interest Commencement Date (including) 
to [    ] (excluding) [    ] per cent. per annum; 
[from [    ] (including) 
to [    ] (excluding) [    ] per cent. per annum;(59);] 
and from [    ] (including) 
until the Maturity Date (excluding) [    ] per cent. per annum 
Zinssatz: 
Vom Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) 
bis zum [    ] (ausschließlich) [    ] % per annum; 
[vom [    ] (einschließlich) 
bis zum [    ] (ausschließlich) [    ] % per annum (60);] 
und vom [    ] (einschließlich) 
bis zum Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) [    ] % per annum 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[    ] 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[    ] 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] 
Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[    ] 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[    ][(short first coupon)][(long first coupon)] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag: 
[    ][(kurzer erster Kupon)][(langer erster Kupon)] 
 
(59) Insert further periods as applicable. 
(60) Weitere Zeiträume nach Bedarf einfügen.

--- Page 236 ---
- 231 - 
 
Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity Date: 
[    ] 
[(short last coupon)][(long last coupon)] 
Zinszahlungstag, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorangeht: 
[    ] 
[(kurzer letzter Kupon)][(langer letzter Kupon)]] 
Day Count Fraction (§ 3 par. 4) 
Zinstagequotient (§ 3 Absatz 4) 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[Determination Date(s)] 
Feststellungstag(e): 
[Feststellungstag(e)]] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/360 
 
30/360 
PAYMENTS (§ 4) 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4) 
Payment Business Day (§ 4 par. 5) 
Zahlungstag (§ 4 Absatz 5) 
Relevant Financial Centre(s) (specify all): 
[TARGET2][   ] 
Relevante Finanzzentren (alle angeben): 
[TARGET2][   ] 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
Final Redemption [(§ 5 par. 1)] 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit [(§ 5 Absatz 1)] 
Maturity Date: 
[    ] 
Fälligkeitstag: 
[    ] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
[(§ 5 par. 2)] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin  
[(§ 5 Absatz 2)] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[Call Redemption Date(s): 
[    ] 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Call): 
[    ] 
Call Redemption Amount(s): 
[Principal amount of the Pfandbrief] 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Call): 
[Nennbetrag des Pfandbriefesf]] 
Insert relevant Business Day for receipt of notice of redemption:(61) 
[fifth][    ] Business Day 
Maßgeblichen Geschäftstag für Zugang der Kündigung: 
[fünfter][    ] Geschäftstag 
Relevant Financial Centres for Business Day: 
[TARGET2][    ] 
Relevante Finanzzentren für Geschäftstag: 
[TARGET2][    ]] 
PAYING AGENTS (§ 6) 
ZAHLSTELLEN (§ 6) 
Additional Paying Agent [(§ 6 par. 2)] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Weitere Zahlstelle [(§ 6 Absatz 2)] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
 
(61) Euroclear and Clearstream require a minimum notice period of five business days. 
Euroclear und Clearstream verlangen eine Mindestkündigungsfrist von fünf Geschäftstagen.

--- Page 237 ---
- 232 - 
 
[Paying Agent(s): 
[Insert Paying Agent(s)/specified office(s)] 
Zahlstelle(n): 
[Zahlstelle(n)/bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle(n) einfügen]] 
NOTICES (§ 10) 
MITTEILUNGEN (§ 10) 
Additional Publications [(§ 10 par. 4)] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Weitere Veröffentlichungen [(§ 10 Absatz 4)] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[Additional Publication: 
[Medium] 
Weitere Veröffentlichung: 
[Medium]]]

--- Page 238 ---
- 233 - 
 
OPTION V: Floating Rate Pfandbriefe [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
OPTION V: Variabel verzinsliche Pfandbriefe 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1) 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN (§ 1) 
Currency, Denomination (§ 1 par. 1) 
Währung, Stückelung (§ 1 Absatz 1) 
Specified Currency: 
[   ] ("[   ]") 
Festgelegte Währung: 
[   ] ("[   ]") 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
[   ] 
Gesamtnennbetrag: 
[   ] 
Specified Denomination:(62) 
[   ] 
Festgelegte Stückelung: 
[   ] 
[Permanent Global Note] [Temporary Global Note – Exchange] (§ 1 par. 3) 
[Dauerglobalurkunde] [Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch] (§ 1 Absatz 3) 
Form of Pfandbriefe: 
Art der Verbriefung: 
 
Permanent Global Note 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde austauschbar gegen Dauerglobalurkunde 
Clearing System (§ 1 par. 4) 
Clearingsystem (§ 1 Absatz 4) 
 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main ("CBF") 
Mergenthalerallee 61, D-65760 Eschborn 
 
Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg ("CBL") 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as Operator of the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, als Betreiberin des Euroclear System ("Euroclear") 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels 
 
Other Clearingsystem 
[Name, Address] 
Anderes Clearingsystem 
[Name, Adresse] 
 
Classical Global Note(63) 
Classical Global Note 
 
New Global Note(64) 
New Global Note 
 
(62) The minimum denomination of the Pfandbriefe issued will be EUR 1,000 or an amount in any other currency which is at least 
equivalent on the issue date. 
Die Mindeststückelung der Pfandbriefe, die begeben werden, ist EUR 1.000 oder mindestens ein am Tag der Begebung diesem 
Betrag entsprechender Betrag in einer anderen Währung. 
(63)  Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs. 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen. 
(64)  Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs. 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen.

--- Page 239 ---
- 234 - 
 
INTEREST (§ 3) 
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
Interest Payment Dates (§ 3 par. 1) 
Zinszahlungstage (§ 3 Absatz 1) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[    ] 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[    ] 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] ([adjusted][unadjusted]) 
Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[    ] ([angepasst][nicht angepasst]) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[    ] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag: 
[    ] 
Business Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Geschäftstagskonvention: 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
Modifizierte-Folgender-Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
Folgender-Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
Vorangegangener-Geschäftstag-Konvention] 
Relevant Financial Centres for Business Day: 
[TARGET2][    ] 
Relevante Finanzzentren für Geschäftstag: 
[TARGET2][    ]] 
Rate of Interest (§ 3 par. 2) 
Zinssatz (§ 3 Absatz 2) 
Rate of Interest: 
Zinssatz: 
 
Reference Rate [[plus][minus] Margin] 
Referenzsatz [[zuzüglich][abzüglich] Marge] 
 
X multiplied with Reference Rate plus Y 
X multipliziert mit Referenzsatz plus Y 
 
Y plus X multiplied with (Reference Rate(1) minus Reference Rate(2)) 
Y plus X multipliziert mit (Referenzsatz(1) minus Referenzsatz(2)) 
Reference Rate[(1)]:  
[insert weeks/months] 
Referenzsatz[(1)]:  
[Anzahl Wochen/Monate einfügen] 
Reference Rate(2):  
[Not Applicable][[insert weeks/months]] 
Referenzsatz(2):  
[Nicht anwendbar][[Anzahl Wochen/Monate einfügen]] 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable][[    ] per cent. per annum] 
Marge: 
[Nicht anwendbar][[    ] % per annum] 
X: 
[Not Applicable][[plus][minus][    ] per cent. per annum] 
X: 
[Nicht anwendbar][[plus][minus][    ] % per annum] 
Y:  
[Not Applicable][0][[plus][minus][    ] per cent. per annum] 
Y: 
[Nicht anwendbar][0][[plus][minus][    ] % per annum] 
Interest Determination Date: 
Zinsfestlegungstag:

--- Page 240 ---
- 235 - 
 
 
[Second][other relevant day] TARGET Business Day prior to the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period 
[Zweiter][anderer relevanter Tag] TARGET-Geschäftstag vor Beginn der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
 
[Relevant day] TARGET Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date 
[Relevanter Tag] TARGET-Geschäftstag vor dem jeweiligen Zinszahlungstag 
Screen page: 
[    ] 
Bildschirmseite: 
[    ] 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Interpolation: 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[ 
First Interest Period ([short] [long] first coupon) 
Erste Zinsperiode ([kurzer] [langer] erster Kupon) 
[First relevant reference rate:  
[    ] 
Erster relevanter Referenzsatz: 
[    ] 
Second relevant reference rate: 
[    ] 
Zweiter relevanter Referenzsatz: 
[    ]] 
 
Last Interest Period ([short] [long] last coupon) 
Letzte Zinsperiode ([kurzer] [langer] letzter Kupon) 
[Specified Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity Date: 
[    ] 
Festgelegter Zinszahlungstag, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorangeht: 
[    ] 
First relevant reference rate:  
[    ] 
Erster relevanter Referenzsatz: 
[    ] 
Second relevant reference rate: 
[    ] 
Zweiter relevanter Referenzsatz: 
[    ]]] 
Minimum Rate of Interest [(§ 3 par. 3)] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Mindestzinssatz [(§ 3 Absatz 3)] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
Mindestzinssatz: 
[    ] % per annum] 
Maximum Rate of Interest [(§ 3 par. [3][4])] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Höchstzinssatz [(§ 3 Absatz [3][4])] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
Höchstzinssatz: 
[    ] % per annum] 
Day Count Fraction (§ 3 par. [7][8][9]) 
Zinstagequotient (§ 3 Absatz [7][8][9]) 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[Determination Date(s)] 
Feststellungstag(e): 
[Feststellungstag(e)]] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/360 
 
30/360]

--- Page 241 ---
- 236 - 
 
PAYMENTS (§ 4) 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4) 
Payment Business Day (§ 4 par. 5) 
Zahlungstag (§ 4 Absatz 5) 
Relevant Financial Centre(s) (specify all): 
[TARGET2][   ] 
Relevante Finanzzentren (alle angeben): 
[TARGET2][   ] 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
Final Redemption [(§ 5 par. 1)] 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit [(§ 5 Absatz 1)] 
Maturity Date: 
[Interest Payment Date falling in [   ]] 
[    ] 
Fälligkeitstag:  
[In den [   ] fallender Zinszahlungstag] 
[    ] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
[(§ 5 par. 2)] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin  
[(§ 5 Absatz 2)] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[Call Redemption Date(s): 
[Interest Payment Date falling in [   ]] 
[    ] 
[insert additional Call Redemption Dates, if applicable] 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Call): 
[In den [   ] fallender Zinszahlungstag] 
[    ] 
[weitere Wahl-Rückzahlungstage (Call) einfügen, falls erforderlich] 
Insert relevant Business Day for receipt of notice of redemption:(65) 
[fifth][    ] Business Day 
Maßgeblichen Geschäftstag für Zugang der Kündigung: 
[fünfter][    ] Geschäftstag 
Relevant Financial Centres for Business Day: 
[TARGET2][    ] 
Relevante Finanzzentren für Geschäftstag: 
[TARGET2][    ]] 
PAYING AGENTS AND CALCULATION AGENT (§ 6) 
ZAHLSTELLEN UND BERECHNUNGSSTELLE (§ 6) 
Additional Paying Agent [(§ 6 par. 2)] 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Weitere Zahlstelle [(§ 6 Absatz 2)] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[Paying Agent(s): 
[Insert Paying Agent(s)/specified office(s)] 
Zahlstelle(n): 
[Zahlstelle(n)/bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle(n) einfügen]] 
Calculation Agent (§ 6 par. [2][3]) 
Berechnungsstelle (§ 6 Absatz [2][3]) 
Calculation Agent: 
Berechnungsstelle: 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main 
 
Other Calculation Agent/specified office 
[    ] 
Andere Berechnungsstelle/bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
[    ] 
 
(65) Euroclear requires a minimum notice period of five business days. 
Euroclear verlangt eine Mindestkündigungsfrist von fünf Geschäftstagen.

--- Page 242 ---
- 237 - 
 
NOTICES (§ 10) 
MITTEILUNGEN (§ 10) 
Additional Publications [(§ 10 par. 4)] [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Weitere Veröffentlichungen [(§ 10 Absatz 4)] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[Additional Publication: 
[Medium] 
Weitere Veröffentlichung: 
[Medium]]]

--- Page 243 ---
- 238 - 
 
PART II.: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Teil II.: ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN(66) 
A.  Essential information 
Grundlegende Angaben 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in 
the Issue/Offer 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer 
Personen, die an der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt 
sind 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Reasons for the offer67 
Gründe für das Angebot 
[specify details] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Use of proceeds 
Zweckbestimmung der Erlöse 
[specify reasons for the issue, if different 
from general financing purposes of the 
Issuer] 
[Gründe für die Emission einfügen, sofern 
nicht der allgemeinen 
Unternehmensfinanzierung der Emittentin 
dienend] 
 
Estimated net proceeds68 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag der Erlöse 
[] 
 
Estimated total expenses of the issue69 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission 
[] 
B.  Information concerning the securities to be offered /admitted to trading  
Informationen über die anzubietenden bzw. zum Handel zuzulassenden Wertpapiere 
Securities Identification Numbers 
Wertpapierkennnummern 
[Temporary ISIN Code: 
Vorläufiger ISIN Code: 
[●]] 
[ISIN Code: 
ISIN Code: 
[●]] 
[Temporary German Securities Code (WKN): 
Vorläufige Wertpapierkennnummer (WKN): 
[●]] 
[German Securities Code (WKN): 
Wertpapierkennnummer (WKN): 
[●]] 
 
(66) There is no obligation to complete Part II. of the Final Terms in its entirety in case of Instruments with a Specified Denomination 
of at least EUR 100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, provided that such Instruments will not be listed on any regulated 
market within the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom. To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
Es besteht keine Verpflichtung, Teil II. der Endgültigen Bedingungen bei Instrumenten mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von 
mindestens EUR 100.000 oder dem Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung vollständig auszufüllen, sofern diese Instrumente nicht 
an einem geregelten Markt innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums oder im Vereinigten Königreich zum Handel 
zugelassen werden. In Absprache mit der Emittentin auszufüllen. 
67 Not required for Instruments with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the 
Prospectus. If reasons for the offer are different from general financing purposes of the Company include those reasons here. 
Nicht notwendig für Instrumenten mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. Siehe Abschnitt "Use of 
Proceeds" im Prospekt. Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot nicht in allgemeinen Finanzierungszwecken von der Gesellschaft 
bestehen, sind die Gründe hier anzugeben. 
68 If proceeds are intended for more than one use they will need to be split out and presented in order of priority (not required for 
Instruments with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000). 
Sofern die Erträge für verschiedene Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln und nach der Priorität der 
Verwendungszwecke darzustellen (nicht notwendig für Instrumente mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 
100.000). 
69  Not required for Instruments with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
Nicht notwendig für Instrumenten mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 244 ---
- 239 - 
 
[Temporary Common Code: 
Vorläufiger Common Code: 
[●]] 
[Common Code: 
Common Code: 
[●]] 
[Classification of Financial Instrument Code (CFI)(70): 
Klassifizierungscode von Finanzinstrumenten (CFI-Code): 
[●]] 
[Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN)(71): 
Emittenten- und Instrumenten-Kurzname (FISN): 
[●]] 
[Any other securities number: 
Sonstige Wertpapierkennnummer: 
[●]] 
Total amount of Notes being admitted to trading. 
Gesamtbetrag der zum Handel zuzulassenden 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
[●] 
[●] 
The Selling Restrictions set out in the Debt Issuance Prospectus shall apply. 
Es gelten die im Prospekt wiedergegebenen Verkaufsbeschränkungen. 
􀂉 
C Rules 
C Rules 
􀂉  
D Rules 
D Rules 
􀂉  
Neither C Rules nor D Rules 
Weder C Rules noch D Rules 
Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail 
Investors:(72) 
Verkaufsverbot 
an 
Kleinanleger 
im 
Europäischen 
Wirtschaftsraum 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors:(73) 
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
(70) If the CFI is not required, requested or available, it should be specified to be "Not applicable". 
Soweit eine CFI nicht erforderlich, nicht angefordert oder nicht verfügbar ist, sollte "Nicht anwendbar" ausgewählt werden. 
(71) If the FISN is not required, requested or available, it should be specified to be "Not applicable". 
Soweit eine FISN nicht erforderlich, nicht angefordert oder nicht verfügbar ist, sollte "Nicht anwendbar" ausgewählt werden. 
(72) If the Instruments clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Instruments may 
constitute "packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified. 
Sind die Instrumente eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte, so sollte "Nicht anwendbar" ausgewählt werden. Stellen die 
Instrumente "verpackte" Produkte dar und wird kein KID vorbereitet, ist "Anwendbar" auszuwählen. 
(73)  If the Instruments clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Instruments may 
constitute "packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified. 
Sind die Instrumente eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte, so sollte "Nicht anwendbar" ausgewählt werden. Stellen die 
Instrumente "verpackte" Produkte dar und wird kein KID vorbereitet, ist "Anwendbar" auszuwählen.

--- Page 245 ---
- 240 - 
 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
EZB-Fähigkeit: 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility (NGN):(74) 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden (NGN): 
[Yes/No] 
[Ja/Nein] 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the [Notes][Pfandbriefe] 
are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily 
mean that the [Notes][Pfandbriefe] 
will be recognized as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
[Whilst the designation is specified as 
"no" at the date of these Final Terms, 
should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such 
that 
the 
[Notes][Pfandbriefe] 
are 
capable 
of 
meeting 
them, 
the 
[Notes][Pfandbriefe] may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the 
[Notes][Pfandbriefe] will then be 
recognized as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass 
"Ja" hier lediglich bedeutet, dass die 
[Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] 
nach ihrer Begebung bei einem der 
ICSDs als gemeinsamer Verwahrer 
hinterlegt werden. "Ja" bedeutet nicht 
notwendigerweise, 
dass 
die 
[Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] 
als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der 
Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und 
der taggleichen Überziehungen (intra-
 
(74)  Only applicable for Instruments in NGN form. Select "Yes" if the Instruments are to be kept in custody by an ICSD as common 
safekeeper. Select "No" if the Instruments are to be kept in custody by the common service provider as common safekeeper. 
Nur bei Instrumenten in Form einer NGN anwendbar. "Ja" wählen, falls die Instrumente von einem ICSD als common safekeeper 
gehalten werden sollen. "Nein" wählen, falls die Instrumente vom common service provider als common safekeeper gehalten 
werden sollen.

--- Page 246 ---
- 241 - 
 
day 
credit 
operations) 
des 
Eurosystems entweder nach Begebung 
oder zu einem Zeitpunkt während ihrer 
Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine 
solche Anerkennung wird von der 
Entscheidung 
der 
Europäischen 
Zentralbank 
abhängen, 
dass 
die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt 
werden.] 
[Während die Bestimmung am Tag 
dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen mit 
"Nein" festgelegt wurde, können sich 
die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien für 
die Zukunft derart ändern, dass die 
[Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] 
fähig sein werden diese einzuhalten. 
Die 
[Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] 
können dann bei einem der ICSDs als 
gemeinsamer Verwahrer hinterlegt 
werden. Es wird darauf hingewiesen, 
dass dies nicht notwendigerweise 
bedeutet, 
dass 
die 
[Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] 
als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der 
Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und 
der taggleichen Überziehungen (intra-
day credit operations) des Eurosystem 
entweder nach Begebung oder zu 
einem 
Zeitpunkt 
während 
ihrer 
Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine 
solche Anerkennung wird von der 
Entscheidung 
der 
Europäischen 
Zentralbank 
abhängen, 
dass 
die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt 
werden.] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility (CBF)(75) 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden (CBF) 
 
[Note that the ticked box means that 
the [Notes][Pfandbriefe] are intended 
upon issue to be deposited with 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
and that this does not necessarily mean 
that the [Notes][Pfandbriefe] will be 
recognized as eligible collateral by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life. Such 
recognition 
will 
depend 
upon 
satisfaction 
of 
the 
Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria.] 
 
(75)  Select if the Instruments are intended upon issue to be deposited with Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt. 
Wählen, falls die Instrumente nach ihrer Begebung von Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt verwahrt werden müssen.

--- Page 247 ---
- 242 - 
 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass das 
Häkchen in dem Kästchen bedeutet, 
dass 
die 
[Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] 
nach ihrer Begebung von Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt verwahrt 
werden müssen und dass dies nicht 
notwendigerweise bedeutet, dass die 
[Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe] 
bei ihrer Begebung, zu irgendeinem 
Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit oder 
während ihrer gesamten Laufzeit als 
EZB-fähige Sicherheiten anerkannt 
werden. Eine solche Anerkennung 
hängt 
davon 
ab, 
ob 
die 
Zulässigkeitskriterien des Eurosystems 
erfüllt sind.] 
 
Not applicable (CGN) (76) 
Nicht anwendbar (CGN) 
Historic Interest Rates and further performance as well as 
volatility(77): 
 
Zinssätze der Vergangenheit und künftige Entwicklungen 
sowie 
ihre Volatilität: 
[Applicable][ Not Applicable] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[Details of historic Euribor rates and the further performance as 
well as their volatility can be obtained from 
[●] 
Einzelheiten zu vergangenen Euribor Sätzen und Informationen 
über künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität können 
abgerufen werden unter 
[●] 
Description of any market disruption or settlement disruption 
events  
that effect the Euribor rates 
[Not Applicable][Please see  
§ 3 of the Conditions] 
Beschreibung etwaiger Ereignisse, die eine Störung des Marktes 
oder der Abrechnung bewirken und die Euribor Sätze 
beeinflussen 
[Nicht anwendbar][Bitte siehe § 3 der 
Bedingungen] 
Yield(78): 
Rendite: 
[Not Applicable] [[●] per cent. per 
annum] 
[Nicht anwendbar] [[●] % per annum] 
Representation of debt security holders including an 
identification of the organization representing the investors 
and provisions applying to such representation. Indication of 
where the public may have access to the contracts relation to 
these forms of representation(79): 
[Not Applicable][Specify details] 
 
(76)  Select if the Instruments are in CGN form. 
Wählen, falls die Instrumente in Form einer CGN begeben werden. 
(77) Only applicable for Floating Rate Instruments and Subordinated Callable Fixed Rate Reset Notes. Not required for Instruments 
with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
Nur bei variabel verzinslichen Instrumenten und nachrangigen kündbaren festverzinslichen Reset Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbar. Nicht anwendbar auf Instrumente mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
(78) Only applicable for Fixed Rate Instruments except Subordinated Callable Fixed Rate Reset Notes. 
Nur für festverzinsliche Instrumente anwendbar mit Ausnahme von nachrangigen kündbaren festverzinslichen Reset 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
(79) Specify further details in the case a Holders' Representative will be appointed in § 13 of the Conditions. 
Weitere Einzelheiten für den Fall einfügen, dass § 13 der Bedingungen einen Gemeinsamen Vertreter bestellt.

--- Page 248 ---
- 243 - 
 
Vertretung der Schuldtitelinhaber unter Angabe der die 
Anleger vertretenden Organisation und der für diese Vertretung 
geltenden Bestimmungen. Angabe des Ortes, an dem die 
Öffentlichkeit die Verträge, die diese Repräsentationsformen 
regeln, einsehen kann: 
[Nicht anwendbar][Einzelheiten 
einfügen] 
Resolutions, authorizations and approvals by virtue of which 
the Instruments will be created: 
[Specify details] 
Beschlüsse, Ermächtigungen und Genehmigungen, welche die 
Grundlage für die Schaffung der Instrumente bilden: 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
If different from the Issuer, the identity and contact details of 
the person asking for admission to trading, including the legal 
entity identifier (LEI) where the person has legal personality: 
[Not Applicable][Specify details] 
Sofern die die Zulassung zum Handel beantragende Person 
nicht dieselbe Person wie der Emittent ist, Angabe der Identität 
und der Kontaktdaten dieser Person, einschließlich der 
Rechtsträgerkennung 
(LEI), 
falls 
die 
Person 
Rechtspersönlichkeit hat: 
[Nicht anwendbar][Einzelheiten 
einfügen] 
C. Terms and conditions of the offer of Instruments to the public(80) 
C .Bedingungen und Konditionen des öffentlichen Angebots von Instrumenten 
Conditions, offer statistics, expected timetable and actions 
required to apply for the offer 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Angebotsstatistiken, erwarteter Zeitplan und erforderliche 
Maßnahmen für die Antragstellung 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject 
[Specify details]  
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Time period, including any possible amendments, during which 
the offer will be open and description of the application process 
[Specify details]  
 
Frist – einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – innerhalb derer das 
Angebot gilt und Beschreibung des Antragsverfahrens 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
A description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions and the 
manner for refunding amounts paid in excess by applicants  
[Specify details] 
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der Zeichnungen 
und der Art und Weise der Erstattung des zu viel gezahlten 
Betrags an die Zeichner 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of the 
application (whether in number of notes or aggregate amount to 
invest) 
[Specify details] 
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der Zeichnung 
entweder in Form der Anzahl der Schuldverschreibungen oder 
des aggregierten zu investierenden Betrags 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Method and time limits for paying up the notes and for delivery 
of the notes  
[Specify details]  
Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der Wertpapiere und ihre 
Lieferung 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Manner and date in which results of the offer are to be made 
public  
[Specify details]  
 
(80) 
Complete with respect to an offer of Instruments to the public with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Instrumenten mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 auszufüllen.

--- Page 249 ---
- 244 - 
 
Art und Weise und Termin, auf die bzw. an dem die Ergebnisse 
des Angebots offen zu legen sind 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
The procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-emption, the 
negotiability of subscription rights and the treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised.  
[Specify details] 
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen Vorzugsrechts, die 
Marktfähigkeit der Zeichnungsrechte und die Behandlung der 
nicht ausgeübten Zeichnungsrechte 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Plan of distribution and allotment(81) 
Plan für die Aufteilung der Wertpapiere und deren Zuteilung 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
If the Offer is being made simultaneously in the markets of two 
or more countries and if a tranche has been or is being reserved 
for certain of these, indicate such tranche  
Erfolgt das Angebot gleichzeitig auf den Märkten zweier oder 
mehrerer Länder und wurde/ wird eine bestimmte Tranche 
einigen dieser Märkte vorbehalten, Angabe dieser Tranche 
[Specify details]  
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Process for notifying applicants of the amount allotted and an 
indication whether dealing may begin before notification is made 
[Specify details] 
Verfahren zur Meldung gegenüber den Zeichnern über den 
zugeteilten Betrag und Angabe, ob eine Aufnahme des Handels 
vor der Meldung möglich ist 
Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Pricing(82) 
Kursfeststellung 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Expected price at which the Instruments will be offered 
Preis zu dem die Instrumente voraussichtlich angeboten werden 
[Specify details] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Amount of expenses and taxes charged to the subscriber / 
purchaser 
Kosten/Steuern, die dem Zeichner/Käufer in Rechnung gestellt 
werden 
[Specify details] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Placing and underwriting(83) 
Platzierung und Emission 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the global offer and 
of single parts of the offer and, to the extent known to the Issuer 
or the offeror, or the placers in the various countries where the 
offer takes place: 
[●] 
Name und Anschrift des Koordinator/der Koordinatoren des 
globalen Angebots oder einzelner Teile des Angebots – sofern der 
Emittentin oder dem Anbieter bekannt – in den einzelnen Ländern 
des Angebots: 
 
 
(81) 
Complete with respect to an offer of Instruments to the public with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Instrumenten mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 auszufüllen. 
(82) 
Complete with respect to an offer of Instruments to the public with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Instrumenten mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 auszufüllen. 
(83) To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen.

--- Page 250 ---
- 245 - 
 
Method of distribution 
Vertriebsmethode 
 
 
Non-syndicated 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
 
Syndicated 
Syndiziert 
 
Subscription Agreement 
Übernahmevertrag 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
[Date of Subscription Agreement 
Datum des Übernahmevertrages 
[●] 
General features of the Subscription Agreement: 
Hauptmerkmale des Übernahmevertrages:] 
[●] 
Management Details including form of commitment: 
Einzelheiten bezüglich des Bankenkonsortiums einschließlich 
der Art der Übernahme: 
 
Dealer / Management Group (specify name(s) and 
address(es)) 
Platzeur / Bankenkonsortium (Namen und Adresse(n) 
angeben) 
[●] 
Form of commitment: 
Art der Übernahme: 
 
 
Firm commitment 
Feste Zusage 
 
 
No firm commitment / best efforts 
arrangements  
Ohne feste Zusage / zu den bestmöglichen  
Bedingungen 
 
Commissions(84) 
Provisionen 
 
Management/Underwriting Commission (specify): 
Management-und Übernahmeprovision (angeben): 
[●] 
Selling Concession (specify): 
Verkaufsprovision (angeben): 
[●] 
 
(84) To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin auszufüllen.

--- Page 251 ---
- 246 - 
 
Stabilizing Dealer(s)/Manager(s): 
Kursstabilisierende(r) Platzeur(e)/Manager: 
[None][Specify details] 
[Keiner][Einzelheiten einfügen]] 
Public Offer Jurisdictions85 
Jurisdiktionen für öffentliches Angebot 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) 
[Not applicable] 
[Specify relevant Member State(s) – 
which must be jurisdiction(s) where 
the Prospectus and any supplements 
have been passported] 
[Federal Republic of Germany] 
[The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg] 
Jurisdiktion(en), in der/denen ein öffentliches Angebot 
stattfindet 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Relevante(n) Mitgliedstaat(en) 
einfügen – dieser muss eine/diese 
müssen Jurisdiktion(en) sein, in die 
der Prospekt und etwaige Nachträge 
notifiziert wurden] 
[Bundesrepublik Deutschland] 
[Luxemburg] 
D.  Listing and admission to trading  
Börsenzulassung und Notierungsaufnahme 
[Yes/No] 
[Ja/Nein] 
[Admission(s) to trading: 
Börsenzulassungen: 
 
 
Luxembourg 
Luxemburg 
Regulated 
Market 
"Bourse 
de 
Luxembourg" 
Regulierter Markt "Börse Luxemburg" 
 
 
Frankfurt am Main 
Frankfurt am Main 
Regulated Market 
Regulierter Markt 
 
 
Hamburg 
Hamburg 
Regulated Market 
Regulierter Markt 
 
Date of admission: 
Datum der Zulassung: 
[●] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to 
trading(86): 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel: 
[●] 
All regulated markets, third country markets or MTFs on 
which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, Instruments of the same 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
85 Complete with respect to an offer of Instruments to the public. 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Instrumenten auszufüllen. 
(86) Not required for Instruments with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
Nicht erforderlich bei Instrumenten mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000.

--- Page 252 ---
- 247 - 
 
class of the Instruments to be offered or admitted to trading 
are already admitted to trading(87): 
Angabe geregelter Märkte, Drittlandsmärkte oder MTFs auf 
denen nach Kenntnis der Emittentin Instrumente der gleichen 
Wertpapierkategorie, die zum Handel angeboten oder 
zugelassen werden sollen, bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind: 
 
 
 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[ 
Luxembourg 
Luxemburg 
Regulated Market "Bourse de Luxembourg" 
Regulierter Markt "Börse Luxemburg" 
 
 
Frankfurt am Main 
Frankfurt am Main 
Regulated Market 
Regulierter Markt 
 
 
Hamburg 
Hamburg 
Regulated Market 
Regulierter Markt 
 
 
Other 
Andere] 
[●] 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and offer rates and 
description of the main terms of their commitment(88): 
[Not Applicable][Specify details] 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer festen 
Zusage als Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig sind und 
Liquidität mittels Geld- und Briefkursen erwirtschaften, und 
Beschreibung 
der 
Hauptbedingungen 
der 
Zusagevereinbarung: 
[Nicht anwendbar][Einzelheiten 
einfügen]] 
E.  Additional Information 
Zusätzliche Informationen 
Rating of the [Notes][Pfandbriefe] (89): 
Rating der [Schuldverschreibungen][Pfandbriefe]: 
[Not Applicable][[●] (Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH) expected] 
[Nicht anwendbar][[●] (Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH) erwartet] 
 
(87) In case of a fungible issue, need to indicate that the original notes are already admitted to trading. Not required for Instruments 
with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
Im Falle einer Aufstockung, die mit einer vorangegangenen Emission fungibel ist, ist die Angabe erforderlich, dass die 
ursprünglichen Instrumente bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind. Nicht erforderlich bei Instrumenten mit einer festgelegten 
Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
(88) In case of Instruments with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000, select "Not Applicable". 
Bei Instrumenten mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 "Nicht anwendbar" wählen. 
(89) Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has been previously published by the rating provider. 
Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des Ratings wenn dieses unlängst von der Ratingagentur erstellt wurde.

--- Page 253 ---
- 248 - 
 
F. 
Information to be provided regarding the consent by the Issuer or person responsible for 
drawing up the Prospectus(90) 
Zur Verfügung zu stellende Informationen über die Zustimmung des Emittenten oder der für 
die Erstellung des Prospekts zuständigen Person 
Offer period during which subsequent resale or final placement 
of the Instruments by Dealers and/or further financial 
intermediaries can be made  
 
Angebotsfrist, während derer die spätere Weiterveräußerung  
oder endgültige Platzierung von Wertpapieren durch die 
Platzeure oder weitere Finanzintermediäre erfolgen kann 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
 
 
[Nicht anwendbar][Einzelheiten 
einfügen]] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
INFORMATIONEN VON SEITEN DRITTER 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the 
Issuer confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been 
omitted the omission of which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and 
(ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility for the 
accuracy thereof. 
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
gilt Folgendes: (i) Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden 
sind und – soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung 
gestellten Informationen ableiten konnte – keine Fakten weggelassen wurden, deren Fehlen die 
reproduzierten Informationen unzutreffend oder irreführend gestalten würden; (ii) die Emittentin hat 
diese Informationen nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre 
Richtigkeit.] 
[Oldenburgische Landesbank Aktiengesellschaft 
(as Issuer) 
(als Emittentin) 
 
___________________________________________] 
 
(90) 
Complete in case of Instruments with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei Instrumenten mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 auszufüllen.

--- Page 254 ---
- 249 - 
 
ISSUER DESCRIPTION 
STATUTORY AUDITOR 
The individual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2021 have been audited by independent auditors and have been granted unqualified audit 
opinions. Fiscal years 2020 and 2021 were audited by the auditing firm Deloitte GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Munich, Hannover Office Aegidientorplatz 2a, 30159 Hannover, 
Germany. Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft is a member of the Chamber of Auditors 
(Wirtschaftsprüferkammer) in Germany. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
History and Development 
OLB AG was founded in Germany on 16 December 1868 for an unlimited period. 
It commenced operations on 15 January 1869. The purpose of the bank was – apart from the promotion of 
monetary transactions – above all the issuance and redemption of the Oldenburg state paper money. OLB 
AG waived the right to issue banknotes in 1875. As a result, OLB AG obtained the right to set up branches 
and subsequently, OLB AG gradually developed into a full-service universal bank with branches across the 
Weser Ems region in Northwest Germany. 
After several changes in the shareholding structure, Bremer Kreditbank ("BKB") purchased a stake of 95.35% 
in OLB AG as of 7 February 2018. Following a squeeze-out of the minority shareholders, the Annual 
General Meetings of BKB and OLB AG resolved to merge the two companies in August 2018. The 
registration in the Commercial Register took place on Friday, 31 August 2018, thereby completing the 
merger of BKB and OLB AG. Effective 28 December 2018, Bankhaus Neelmeyer AG ("BHN"), which 
was part of OLB, was also merged with OLB AG. Thus, the Issuer has operated since then under a common 
umbrella with OLB and Bankhaus Neelmeyer brands. Effective as of 31 May 2019, OLB AG acquired 
Wüstenrot Bank AG Pfandbriefbank ("WBP").  
Following the merger of BKB and OLB AG, in order to realize synergies and for administrative efficiency, 
each of BHN and WBP were legally merged into OLB AG (as surviving entity) with retroactive effect (for 
accounting purposes) from 1 July 2018 and 1 July 2019, respectively. As a result of such mergers, BHN 
and WBP ceased to exist as stand-alone legal entities, but BHN has continued to operate as a legally 
dependent branch of OLB AG. 
Legal and commercial name 
The legal name of the Issuer is "Oldenburgische Landesbank Aktiengesellschaft", the commercial name is 
"OLB AG". The bank operates under the brand names "OLB Bank" and "Bankhaus Neelmeyer". 
Registration of the Issuer in the Commercial Register and Legal Entity Identifier 
OLB AG is registered in the commercial register (Handelsregister) of the local court (Amtsgericht) of 
Oldenburg under register number HRB 3003. Its Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is 5299008I0TO44SUINZ71. 
Registered Office and Legal Form of the Issuer 
OLB AG is a stock corporation under German law (Aktiengesellschaft). The registered office of OLB AG 
is Stau 15/17, 26122 Oldenburg, Federal Republic of Germany. The phone number is: +49 (0)441 221-0. 
Corporate Purpose 
According to §1(2) of its Articles of Association, the corporate purpose of OLB AG is the operation of 
banking and financial activities of all kinds as well as such transactions and services conducive to the sale 
of banking and financial products. 
Significant Events 
There are no known recent significant events in the Issuer's business operations that are highly relevant to 
the assessment of solvency.

--- Page 255 ---
- 250 - 
 
Issuer Rating 
On 2 October 2019, the Issuer has received a "Baa2" by Moody's Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's")91 which 
was confirmed most recently on 16 December 2021, and credit ratings are expected to be assigned to the 
Instruments issued under the Programme by Moody's.  
Moody's is (pursuant to the list of registered and certified credit rating agencies published on the website 
of the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") (www.esma.europa.eu)) established in the 
European Union and is registered pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, amended by Regulation (EC) No 
513/2011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 2011 and by Regulation (EC) No. 
462/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 21 May 2013, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation"). That list published by ESMA is updated within five working days following the adoption of 
a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that 
updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such update. 
Material changes in the borrowing and funding structure 
There has been no material change in the borrowing and funding structure of the Issuer since 
31 December 2021. 
Expected financing of the Issuer's activities 
OLB does not expect to materially change its borrowing or funding structure. The deposit business is OLB's 
most important source of funding, and it is also an active issuer of covered bonds. Where appropriate, OLB 
will make use of the opportunity to widen its funding base through money and capital market transactions.  
 
 
 
91 Moody's defines "Baa" as follows: Obligations rated Baa are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate 
credit risk and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics. Moody's notes that Moody's appends numerical 
modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the 
obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the 
modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. Additionally, a "(hyb)" indicator is 
appended to all ratings of hybrid securities issued by banks, insurers, finance companies, and securities firms.

--- Page 256 ---
- 251 - 
 
 
ISSUER DESCRIPTION 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
OLB is a modern Germany-based universal bank anchored in Northwest Germany serving our customers 
under our "OLB Bank" and "Bankhaus Neelmeyer" brands. We offer (i) innovative services for retail and 
business customers throughout Germany, including traditional banking products, comprehensive advice 
and complex financing solutions in private banking and wealth management, as well as (ii) customized 
solutions and particular expertise in specialized lending for our Corporate & Diversified Lending customers 
throughout Germany and other European countries. Therefore, our operations are carried out through the 
following two business divisions: (i) Private & Business Customers and (ii) Corporates & Diversified 
Lending.92 
OLB's strategy follows a universal low-complex banking approach with a diversified business model 
focusing on sustainable bottom-line profitability. At the same time, OLB follows a conservative risk 
management approach with the aim to maintain low cost of risk and a solid capital base together with stable 
and reliable deposit funding combined with targeted capital market activities.  
Main Activities 
Private & Business Customers 
The Private & Business Customers segment comprises the business with 
- 
private retail customers, 
- 
small and medium-sized enterprises (SME customers) and business with self-employed 
freelancers, 
- 
wealthy private customers. 
From a distributional point of view, this segment is divided into the following sub-segments: 
- 
Branch Business, 
- 
Central & Digital Sales and 
- 
Private Banking & Wealth Management 
Business with private and SME customers is conducted both on a branch-supported basis in the Branch 
Business sub-segment and centrally/digitally in the Central & Digital Sales sub-segment, each under the 
OLB Bank brand. The segment is complemented by business with wealthy private customers under the 
Bankhaus Neelmeyer brand in the Private Banking & Wealth Management sub-segment. 
The Private & Business Customers division contributes approximately 56% of OLBs loan volume and 52% 
of revenues. 
Retail customers – main services and product offerings 
To our retail customers, we provide a full portfolio of retail banking services and products, including current 
accounts, debit and credit cards, residential mortgage loans, retail lending, consumer loans, asset 
management, insurance brokering and assistance with private real estate purchases and sales. 
In comparison to fully digital credit institutions, our customers benefit from Branch Business through our 
traditional network of 51 branch offices 93 as of 31 December 2021, in addition to our state-of-the-art 
Oldenburg Advisory Center (Beratungscenter Oldenburg, "BCO"). Our offering is completed by digital 
sales channels in form of a well-coordinated multi-channel approach (telephone, mobile phone, online) 
with 24/7 availability for our customers. OLB plans to reduce the number of branch offices to 40 by the 
end of 2022. 
Every Day Banking  
We serve our retail customers' every day banking needs through the BCO that combines our traditional 
physical retail offering as well as our digital banking platform. We aim to provide our customers a full 
 
 
93 Figures without national centres

--- Page 257 ---
- 252 - 
 
range of modern retail banking services and products and are focused on offering enhanced, modernized 
products and services since 2020. We offer four types of different checking accounts packages, which 
contain online and mobile banking functionality and can be combined with debit and credit cards offering 
online functionality as well as up-to-date mobile payment and digital wallet solutions through Apple Pay 
and Google Pay. 
Residential Mortgage Loans  
We offer fixed and variable rate residential mortgage loans with various repayment options (annually, bullet 
loans, early redeemable mortgage loans) and the minimum principal amount of our residential mortgages 
is EUR 25,000. Our residential mortgages are predominantly secured with real estate collateral and are 
available for private real estate financing only (with a maximum of three housing units).  
Our residential mortgage loan strategy is based on providing services to our retail customers through our 
mortgage experts. Our mortgage experts provide our customers with mortgage products and consult 
customers regarding all aspects of mortgages including financial, legal and technical issues through our 
various distribution channels. In addition, we are establishing procedures for our customers to apply for 
retail mortgage loans through our online platform with the aim of reducing complexity, and increase 
efficiency, in the future. Residential real estate prices have continued to increase over the years, and the 
residential real estate market continues to benefit from a low-interest environment and favorable financing 
conditions, which has also resulted in the increase in our residential mortgage loan portfolio.  
Unsecured Retail Lending 
Our unsecured retail lending activities primarily focus on providing a wide range of consumer finance 
products, including personal unsecured loans, deferred payment cards and current accounts with overdraft 
facilities. Our consumer loan products are primarily distributed through our online platform using an 
automated lending application, which offers our retail customers convenient access. From the application 
for, to the granting of, unsecured retail lending loans, the entire process can be completed digitally without 
the need for the customer to physically visit a branch office. This reduces complexity and increases 
efficiency. We are seeking to further grow our instalment loan business by increasing advertising support, 
intensifying sales, and speeding up processing and application procedures through a new, digital platform-
based process architecture. In addition, we are expanding our instalment loan business by fostering the 
online sales channel as well as starting Germany-wide platform business. 
Ancillary Products 
We also provide a number of ancillary products to our customers, including distributing third-party 
insurance policies, including life insurance policies associated with (private mortgage) loans, travel 
insurance, accident insurance, insurance on valuables and compulsory vehicle insurance products. 
In relation to our asset management and securities business, we aim to provide a modern, transparent 
platform where our retail customers can invest in a range of investment products. As such, in addition to 
the traditional securities account service, our retail customers also have an opportunity to invest in our self-
managed funds. 
Although our securities business currently is still based on a traditional securities platform and systems, we 
plan to modernize and fully migrate our securities trading platform to a multi-channel asset management 
platform that would be managed in partnership with FNZ, a global asset management platform provider, 
during the second half of 2022. The modernization efforts aim to reduce product complexity and increase 
efficiency along the asset management's value chain. In our Retail Banking sub-division, in particular, this 
will be achieved by introducing managed accounts. Managed accounts are an investment solution based on 
standard portfolios. However, its modular structure allows managed accounts to be tailored to customers' 
specific needs (so-called "mass customization"). We expect the FNZ platform to also extend to, and be 
integrated in, our Private Banking and Wealth Management sub-division. 
Solutions for SME customers and self-employed professionals 
The Self-Employed Professionals have separate banking needs and are therefore treated as a special 
customer group in our Private Customers division. The relationship managers focus on self-employed 
professionals, including lawyers, doctors, physicians, dentists, notaries and architects. These professionals 
have often been retail customers utilizing our retail banking services and products in their personal capacity 
(for example, mortgage loans, current accounts). However, as their careers and banking needs have 
progressed, such customers have also started to rely on our banking services and products also in their 
professional capacities (for example to buy equipment to practice as a dentist). Successful self-employed

--- Page 258 ---
- 253 - 
 
professionals further have a tendency to, at a later stage in their careers, also qualify for, and rely on, our 
Private Banking and Wealth Management services and products. 
Self-Employed Professionals benefit from the full range of services available to our retail customers, 
including checking accounts, residential mortgage financing, real estate brokerage, investment strategy and 
retirement planning, in their private capacity. In addition, however, they also use products and services to 
support their professional activities, such as investment loans, public funding, business start-ups and advice 
concerning organic and inorganic growth opportunities and funding options related thereto. 
For small and medium-sized enterprises with an annual turnover of less than EUR 50 million, we offer 
essential financial products ranging from daily banking services to investment advice and investment 
financing. The simplified product offering will ensure that our products are easily understood and that 
applying for any product will be significantly simplified by reducing the number of credit approval related 
tasks for our back-office. 
Wealthy private customers – main services and product offerings 
Our Private Banking and Wealth Management sub-division serves our affluent and high net-worth private 
customers under the Bankhaus Neelmeyer brand. Typically, a customer in our Private Banking and Wealth 
Management sub-division has a minimum of EUR 500,000 ("Private Banking") and EUR 2,500,000 
("Wealth Management"), respectively, in deposits and/or funds, with the average customer having 
approximately EUR 1,000,000 in deposits and/or funds held with us, or yearly gross income in excess of 
EUR 500,000.  
Through our Private Banking and Wealth Management sub-division, we offer our customers a wide range 
of specialized and highly personalized private banking and wealth management services, including asset 
management, exclusive financial and pension planning advice, real estate management services and 
investment advice, generation management and foundation management. We provide these services 
exclusively through our Bankhaus DZ Bank platform, which has a strong brand recognition throughout 
Germany in the field of private banking and wealth management. 
Our Private Banking and Wealth Management activities are centered around, and tailored to, the specific 
needs of our customers. For example, each customer in our Private Banking and Wealth Management 
division is allocated a relationship manager. This is to ensure that we can build trusting and longstanding 
relationships with our customers and that any of their banking needs are addressed in a timely and 
professional manner. Further, the services provided are often offered following consultations with our 
advisors, particularly in relation to asset management services. Customers in our Private Banking and 
Wealth Management sub-division also benefit from the full range of services available to our customers in 
our Retail Banking sub-division, including payment products, overdraft and deposit accounts, mortgages 
and other personal loan products. We experience strong loyalty from the customers in our Private Banking 
& Wealth Management sub-division with a customer relationship existing, on average, for approximately 
22 years. 
Corporates & Diversified Lending 
The Corporates & Diversified Lending division comprises business with corporate customers and 
specialized lending activities and is comprised of the following sub-divisions: "Corporates", "Football 
Finance", "Acquisition Finance", "Commercial Real Estate", "Fund Finance", "International Diversified 
Lending", "Shipping" and "Wind". 
The Corporates business provides services to larger sized companies. Our core market, in which our 6 
Corporates branches operate, comprises approximately 5,000 companies nationwide, each with an annual 
turnover of more than EUR 50 million. A special focus is placed on national clients with business activities 
abroad. We see ourselves as a partner with the character of a private bank. 
The Diversified Lending part of this division offers specialized solutions to approximately 800 customers 
outside of traditional banking products and these solutions are tailored to specific situations, have higher 
margins and have a higher associated risk profile. Furthermore, we also serve customers outside of 
Germany through this division. Here, we focus on providing services to mid-size customers with complex 
financing needs who may be too small to receive effective services from international banking groups.

--- Page 259 ---
- 254 - 
 
The Corporates & Diversified Lending division contributes approximately 44% of OLBs loan volume and 
43% of revenues. 
Corporates 
We offer customers in our Corporates sub-division the full spectrum of banking services and products, 
ranging from the provision of customary corporate bank accounts and cards, deposits and foreign and local 
payments to customized transactional banking products. Further, we provide leasing and insurance products 
and offer customized solutions in fields such as working capital financing (including short-term overdraft 
and working capital facilities), investment financing (including, investment loans, rollover loans and 
foreign currency loans), forfaiting, export financing/documentary business, and foreign payment 
transactions. We also offer competitive interest rates, active interest and currency and liquidity management, 
and support businesses in their start-up phase and provide project financing for renewable energy.  
The geographical reach in our Corporates sub-division extends beyond our core area in the Weser-Ems 
region and is available throughout Germany, with branch offices in Berlin, Düsseldorf, Frankfurt, Hamburg, 
Munich and Stuttgart. In addition to the service sector and the energy and agriculture industries, which are 
particularly strongly represented in the Weser-Ems region, we offer customer support services throughout 
Germany focusing mainly on mechanical engineering and trade. The broad diversification of sectors is 
leading to stable earnings contributions. 
Football Finance 
In 2020, OLB expanded the offering to football finance, primarily focusing on transfer funding within 
football clubs for the five financially strongest football leagues in Europe (i.e., the English Premier League, 
the French Ligue 1, the German Bundesliga, the Spanish Primera Division and the Italian Serie A). Football 
finance loans typically have one to three year maturities and OLB's exposure per transaction typically 
ranges from EUR 3 million to EUR 15 million.  
Acquisition Financing  
Our Acquisition Financing sub-division focuses on arranging and structuring debt financing to support the 
acquisition activity of small and medium-sized enterprises in Germany, Austria and Switzerland as well as 
other markets on a selective basis. Experienced managers in the field of acquisition finance assist our 
customers with specialized and tailored advice. Our Acquisition Financing portfolio is well diversified with 
no particular concentration in specific sectors or industries. 
When extending loans, we strive to provide our Acquisition Financing solutions to customers with strong 
cash generation and stable outlook. In addition, to secure our position as a lender, we provide for 
comparably conservative credit structures, including through customary covenants and minimum equity 
contributions requirements (the extent and scope of which being linked to our credit risk assessment). Our 
Acquisition Financing sub-division further provides alternatives to, and a platform and solutions for, 
existing customers across our other business divisions.  
Commercial Real Estate Financing  
Our Commercial Real Estate Financing efforts focus on medium term real-estate investor financing, on site 
financing and on short-term interim financing for developers and property development companies.  
Like our Acquisition Financing portfolio is our Commercial Real Estate Financing portfolio well diversified 
with no particular concentration in specific sectors or industries, and are our customers serviced by highly 
professional and experienced managers. The loan-to-value ratio (LTV) depends on the specific projects and 
through carefully crafted and individualized covenants, the credit risk gets properly managed and accounted 
for.  
The underlying properties are spread across Germany and neighboring countries. We provide real estate 
financing primarily in the German market. Since November 2016, we have also provided commercial real 
estate financing in the Netherlands and since 2018 in Austria, on a selective basis. On a selective basis, we 
have also provided commercial real estate financing elsewhere. 
Fund Finance 
OLB has initiated Fund Finance as a new sub-division in 2021 in order to support and strengthen 
Acquisition Financing relationships, but also with an aim to support the private capital fund community 
across its different asset classes.

--- Page 260 ---
- 255 - 
 
As a result of the Bank's leadership position in Acquisition Financing in the DACH region and the 
increasing presence in other European countries, Fund Finance aims to support the existing client base 
through a new set of financing products. The Bank will continue to grow opportunistically and pursue fund 
level financing opportunities outside the private equity asset class in the coming years, taking into account 
the risk/opportunity profile. 
The basis for Fund Financing is dual: (i) the investment in the private capital industry by a highly diversified 
set of investors and (ii) the acquisition and exit of assets from these funds, generating attractive returns. 
Therefore, funds with a diversified set of investor base by type, geography, commitment, and limited 
concentration are particularly suitable for capital call facilities.  
International Diversified Lending 
International Diversified Lending focuses on financing medium and large portfolios of real estate, consumer 
loans and corporate loans, with a focus on Western Europe, but also in the USA and Central Europe if the 
credit rating is strong and the risk-return ratio is good. 
The target group consists mainly of opportunistic investment funds. Often these are very large financings 
issued by large investment banks and then syndicated to various financial institutions. Increasingly, 
however, bilateral transactions with small and medium-sized funds are also coming into focus. 
Shipping 
In 2019, we re-entered the area of ship financing, and started underwriting new business in ship financing, 
in particular relating to smaller ships and special purpose ship vehicles. In particular, we focus on providing 
financing for freight-rate-dependent ocean-going vessels in Germany and in neighboring countries on a 
highly selective and conservative basis.  
We historically have been active in ship financing industry, but discontinued underwriting new business in 
2011 when certain segments in the shipping industry, particularly cargo and container ships, started to 
experience distress as a result of regulatory changes, excess capacity and the entry of new vessel types in 
the market.  
As selected segments in the shipping industry have significantly recovered and the margins on ship 
financings remain high as a result of decreased competition, we have re-entered the market to leverage our 
extensive, industry-specific knowledge. Our team focusing on Ship Financing consists of professionals with 
extensive, sector-specific know-how in this market segment, including in connection with risk analysis and 
risk monitoring systems. 
Wind 
The bank has assisted investors since the early days of the wind energy industry in the 1990s. The focus is 
on arranging and structuring debt capital positions for national and international investors in the German 
market. Our target client group consists of existing clients with whom we have worked for many years and 
realized various wind farm projects, as well as new clients who are willing to accept our yield requirements 
and financing parameters. As of 31 December 2021 the wind portfolio amounted to approximately 
EUR 700 million. 
Cooperations 
The product range is constantly reviewed and adapted by OLB for up-to-dateness and competitiveness. To 
complement its product range, OLB cooperates with other providers in the financial services sector and 
sells products of these cooperation partners. In this way, OLB offers insurance products of Allianz Group. 
In the building society (Bauspar) area, the products of Bausparkasse Wüstenrot are available. Wherever 
possible, public funding programs are utilized for financing purposes, inter alia, of KfW, 
Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank (LRB) and NBank (development bank of the State of Lower Saxony), 
NRW.Bank (development bank of the State of North Rhine-Westphalia) and Bremer Aufbaubank 
(development bank of the State of Bremen). 
For securities advisory services, advisors can draw on a comprehensive product range of numerous issuers. 
Moreover, in order to cover clients' needs as comprehensively as possible, OLB cooperates with further 
providers to implement special types of financing.

--- Page 261 ---
- 256 - 
 
Branches and Customers 
OLB operates a branch office under the name Bankhaus Neelmeyer, which offers extensive services in the 
field of wealth management in the Bremen region. In addition, we maintain a total of 59 branch offices (as 
compared to 75 and 126 branch offices as of 31 December 2020 and 2019, respectively) and 56 self-service 
branches (including the ATM network from the WBP consolidation) (as compared to 94 and 87 self-service 
branches as of 31 December 2020 and 2019, respectively) with a focus on Northwest Germany and major 
cities throughout Germany. All of our branch offices and self-service branches are located in Germany. 
Employees 
As of 31 December 2021, in total OLB employed 1,648 employees on a full-time equivalent basis (as 
compared to 1,777 employees as of 31 December 2020). On 1 January 2022, the number of employees on 
a full-time equivalent basis was approximately 1,400. OLB plans to further reduce the number of employees 
by around 150 by the end of the year 2022. 
New Products/Services 
No important new products or services of the Issuer merit mention for the purposes of presenting the main 
areas of activity of the Issuer. 
Information on the Competitive Position 
At the present locations, it is in competition primarily with Sparkasse savings and Volksbank cooperative 
banks. In the area of corporate customers and diversified lending business it is also in competition with 
private large-scale and state banks and specialized commercial banks, especially in the larger cities. 
ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE 
Information on Relationships with Related Companies and Persons 
All shares of OLB AG are held by shareholders that are connected with the Teacher Retirement System of 
Texas, Apollo Global Management and Grovepoint Investment Management. The shareholders are 
mutually independent; each holds an indirect stake below 40 percent (Champ Luxembourg Holdings S.à r.l. 
35.72%, GIM Strategische Investition VI S.à r.l. 32.28% and Texas Bildung Holding GmbH & Co. KG 
32.00%) with the consequence that none of the shareholders controls OLB AG under corporate law. OLB's 
banking business operations are conducted by OLB AG. 
Subsidiaries 
As of 31 December 2021, the following companies were among the subsidiaries of OLB AG: 
Company 
Equity investment of OLB AG 
(direct and indirect) 
OLB-Immobiliendienst GmbH, Oldenburg 
100.00% 
OLB-Service GmbH, Oldenburg 
100.00% 
Quant FS GmbH, Hamburg 
100.00% 
 
Profit-and-loss transfer agreements are in effect with OLB-Immobiliendienst GmbH and OLB-Service 
GmbH. There is no profit-and-loss transfer agreement in place with QuantFS GmbH, Hamburg. 
As of 31 December 2020, customer receivables in a nominal amount of EUR 1.1 billion have been legally 
assigned to Weser Funding S.A., Compartment No. 2 ("Weser Funding II").  
In July 2021, OLB AG established a further similar structure called Weser Funding S.A., Compartment No. 
3 ("Weser Funding III"). Customer receivables in a nominal amount of EUR 0.4 billion have been legally 
assigned to Weser Funding III. Weser Funding I has been redeemed by way of repurchase of the customer 
receivables. 
Even though OLB AG has no equity investment in Weser Funding II and III, from an economic point of 
view, OLB bears the material risks and opportunities of this special purpose vehicle, and continues to

--- Page 262 ---
- 257 - 
 
present these within its balance sheet and income statement. Pursuant to section 296 (2) HGB, the special 
purpose vehicles therefore do not need to be included in the consolidated financial statements, because it is 
of minor importance for the obligation to present a true and fair view of the Issuer's net assets, financial 
position and results of operations. 
In application of section 296 (2) HGB (waiver of inclusion) in conjunction with section 290 (5) HGB (duty 
to prepare), all controlled subsidiaries individually and collectively were of subordinated importance for 
OLB's assets, liabilities, financial position and financial performance, so that the preparation of 
consolidated financial statements as of the reporting date was waived. 
TREND INFORMATION 
There have been no material adverse changes in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of the last audited 
financial statements of 31 December 2021. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of OLB AG and its subsidiaries since 
31 December 2021.  
Information about known trends, uncertainties, inquiries, obligations or incidents since 31 December 2021 
which are expected to have a material adverse effect on the prospects of the Issuer, at least for the current 
financial year, are not known to the Issuer.  
MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BOARDS 
Governing Bodies 
The governing bodies of OLB AG are the Board of Managing Directors (Vorstand), the Supervisory Board 
(Aufsichtsrat) and the General Meeting (Hauptversammlung). In accordance with the Articles of 
Association, the Board of Managing Directors consists of at least two members appointed by the 
Supervisory Board. 
The Board of Managing Directors manages the business under its own responsibility in accordance with 
the law, the Articles of Association and the rules of procedure drawn up by the Supervisory Board. OLB 
AG is represented by two members of the Board of Managing Directors or by one member of the 
Management Board acting jointly with an authorized officer. In legal relations, OLB AG is additionally 
represented, in principle, by two parties with signing authority, including authorized signatories 
(Prokuristen) and authorized agents (Handlungsbevollmächtigte). 
Board of Managing Directors  
Members of the Board of Managing Directors are: 
Stefan Barth (Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors) 
Marc Kofi Ampaw 
Aytac Aydin 
Peter Karst 
Dr. Rainer Polster 
The business address of the members of the Board of Managing Directors is Stau 15/17, 26122 Oldenburg, 
Germany. 
The members of the Board of Managing Directors may, within the scope of the relevant statutory provisions, 
hold offices at other companies.

--- Page 263 ---
- 258 - 
 
Offices held by members of the Board of Managing Directors of OLB AG 
Name 
Occupation 
Offices held in other statutory 
supervisory boards of domestic 
companies 
Memberships in comparable 
domestic and foreign 
supervisory bodies of 
commercial enterprises 
Stefan Barth 
Chairman of the Board of 
Managing Directors of 
OLB AG and Chief Risk 
Officer 
none 
none 
Marc Kofi Ampaw 
Member of the Board of 
Managing Directors of 
OLB AG 
none 
none 
Aytac Aydin 
Member of the Board of 
Managing Directors of 
OLB AG 
none 
none 
Peter Karst 
Member of the Board of 
Managing Directors of 
OLB AG 
none 
none 
Dr. Rainer Polster  
Chief Financial Officer, 
Member of the Board of 
Managing 
Directors 
of 
OLB AG 
none 
none 
 
Supervisory Board  
The business address of the members of the Supervisory Board is Stau 15/17, 26122 Oldenburg, Germany. 
The members of the Supervisory Board hold the listed offices: 
Name 
Occupation 
Offices held in other statutory 
supervisory boards of domestic 
companies 
Memberships in comparable 
domestic and foreign 
supervisory bodies of 
commercial enterprises 
Axel Bartsch (Chairman) 
Chairman of OLB AG's 
Supervisory Board 
none 
none 
Jens 
Grove* 
(Deputy 
Chairman) 
Bank clerc and Chairman 
of the General Works 
none 
none

--- Page 264 ---
- 259 - 
 
Name 
Occupation 
Offices held in other statutory 
supervisory boards of domestic 
companies 
Memberships in comparable 
domestic and foreign 
supervisory bodies of 
commercial enterprises 
Council, OLB AG, 
Oldenburg 
Claus-Jürgen Cohausz 
Independent business 
consultant, Münster 
JAMESTOWN 
US-Immobilien 
GmbH, Köln (Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board) 
none 
Dirk Felstehausen* 
Union secretary at ver.di, 
Bremen 
none 
none 
Brent George Geater 
Investment 
professional, 
London (United Kingdom) 
none 
Grovepoint group companies: 
GIM 
Investments 
PCC 
Ltd, 
Guernsey Director  
GIM Investments (Cayman) SPC, 
Cayman Islands Director  
GIM Carry GP Ltd, Guernsey 
Director  
GIM EC Inc., USA, Director  
GIM LP1 Inc., USA, Director  
GIM LP2 Inc., USA, Director 
Michael Glade* 
Director and Deputy Head 
of Corporate Banking, 
OLB AG, Oldenburg 
none 
none 
Svenja-Marie Gnida* 
Director of Freie Berufe 
regional, 
OLB 
AG, 
Osnabrück 
none 
none 
Thomas Kuhlmann* 
Chairman of the Works 
Council of the Oldenburg/ 
Ammerland/Friesland 
Region and Headquarters, 
OLB AG, Oldenburg 
none 
none 
Dr. Manfred Puffer 
Senior investment advisor, 
Meerbusch 
Infineon Technologies, München 
Athora 
Lebensversicherung 
Aktiengesellschaft, Wiesbaden 
Apollo group companies: 
Athene Holding Ltd., Bermuda 
Nova KBM d.d., Slovenia

--- Page 265 ---
- 260 - 
 
Name 
Occupation 
Offices held in other statutory 
supervisory boards of domestic 
companies 
Memberships in comparable 
domestic and foreign 
supervisory bodies of 
commercial enterprises 
Evo Banco, Spain 
Michele Rabà 
Apollo group companies: 
Rimini Topco S.p.A., Italy 
Rimini Bidco S.p.A., Italy 
Sazka Entertainment AG, Swiss 
Sazka Group a.s, Czech Republic 
Gamma Midco S.p.A., Italy 
Gamma Bidco S.p.A., Italy 
Gamma GP LLC, Cayman Islands 
Gamma 
Management 
LLC, 
Cayman Islands 
Lottomatica Group S.p.A. Italy 
Jewel Holdco S.à r.l., Luxembourg 
Jewel 
Holdco 
2 
S.à 
r.l., 
Luxembourg 
Jewel UK Topco Limited, UK 
Biser Holdings Limited, Cayman 
Islands 
Biser Topco S.à r.l., Luxembourg 
Biser Bidco S.à r.l., Luxembourg 
Nova Kreditna banka Maribor d.d., 
Slovenia 
Summit Leasing Slovenija d.o.o., 
Slovenia 
Sascha Säuberlich 
Chartered accountant 
(South Africa), London 
(United Kingdom) 
none 
Biddulph 
Mansions 
(West) 
Limited, United Kingdom 
Tangofleet 
Limited, 
United 
Kingdom 
Christine de Vries* 
Project manager, OLB 
AG, Oldenburg 
none 
none 
 ______________________  
* 
elected by the employees

--- Page 266 ---
- 261 - 
 
Conflicts of Interest 
The members of the Board of Managing Directors and Supervisory Board are committed to the interests of 
OLB. They may not pursue personal interests in their decisions nor take advantage of business opportunities 
that OLB is entitled to. Each member of the Board of Managing Directors must immediately disclose 
potential conflicts of interest to the Chairman of the Board of Managing Directors and the Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board. Significant transactions between OLB on the one hand and a member of the Board of 
Managing Directors or related parties or undertakings on the other hand require the approval of the General 
and Compensation Supervision Committee of the Supervisory Board. Each member of the Supervisory 
Board shall disclose potential conflicts of interest to the Supervisory Board, particularly if they could arise 
as a result of an advisory or governing body function at clients, suppliers, lenders or other business partners. 
A possible measure to deal with the conflict of interest is, in particular, the exclusion of the relevant 
Supervisory Board member from consulting and deciding on the respective matter. 
PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS 
The share capital of the Issuer currently amounts to EUR 90,468,571.80; it is divided into 23,257,143 no-
par bearer shares, which are fully paid up. The market listing was discontinued at the end of 28 June 2018. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the shares in OLB AG are held as follows: 
Champ Luxembourg Holdings S.à r.l. 
35.72% 
GIM Strategische Investition VI S.à r.l. 
32.28% 
Texas Bildung Holding GmbH & Co. KG 32.00%  
There is neither a control nor a profit-and-loss transfer agreement in effect. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION REGARDING THE ASSETS, LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE OF THE ISSUER 
The audited annual financial statements for financial years 2020 and 2021 (in each case individual financial 
statements according to HGB) have been incorporated by reference. 
Audit of the Historic Annual Financial Information 
The financial statements for 2020 and 2021 were granted unqualified audit opinions by the auditors. 
Other disclosures in relation to the Issuer in this Prospectus are from the Issuer and have not been audited 
by the auditor. 
Accounting Standards 
The audited financial reports of Oldenburgische Landesbank Aktiengesellschaft for financial years 2020 
and 2021 have been prepared in accordance with the provisions of the HGB, in particular the 
"Supplementary Rules for Credit Institutions" (sections 340 et seqq. HGB) and the RechKredV. 
Fiscal year 
OLB AG's financial year is the calendar year.

--- Page 267 ---
- 262 - 
 
Further key financial information 
Complementary information on financial Key Performance Indicators with and without regulatory 
charges 
As at 31 December 2021 the following extraordinary profit and loss items and regulatory charges are 
included within the annual report according to German Gaap (HGB): 
• 
Extraordinary profits from the sale of bank owned properties in the amount of EUR 22.3 million  
• 
Extraordinary expenses related to a restructuring program in the amount of EUR 38.4 million 
• 
Extraordinary depreciations in connection with the closing of branches ahead of schedule in the 
amount of EUR 1.9 million 
• 
Regulatory charges in the amount of EUR 14.6 million 
For the financial year 2019 extraordinary profit and loss items amounted to EUR 41.3 million. Regulatory 
charges amounted to EUR 11.5 million for 2018, EUR 10.3 million in 2019 and EUR 12.5 million in 2020. 
Complementary information on risk cost according to German Gaap (HGB): 
Risk costs are calculated by dividing the risk provisions of a given financial year by the Average Loan 
Volume. Average Loan Volume is the sum of the client-based loan volume of the current and preceding 
financial year divided by 2. For the four financial years 2018 to 2021 to risk provisions and Average Loan 
Volumes are as following: 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
Risk provisions in 
EUR million 
6.5 
6.8 
30.7 
16.7 
Average Loan 
Volumes in  
EUR million 
13,813 
14,551 
15,341 
16,245 
Cost of risk in % 
0.05% 
0.04% 
0.20% 
0.10% 
Regulatory Capital Ratios and Requirements as of 31.12.2021 
As at 31 December 2021, OLB AG had a CET1 (Common Equity Tier 1 "CET1") capital of EUR 1,146 
million, a Tier 1 capital of EUR 1,288 million and a Total capital of 1,413 million. As of the same date 
OLBs CET1 capital ratio was 12%, its Tier 1 capital ratio 13,5% and its Total capital ratio 14,8% with total 
risk weighted assets of EUR 9.5 billion.

--- Page 268 ---
- 263 - 
 
The following table summarize OLB's capital requirements as at 31 December 2021: 
Requirements 
 
CET1 
AT1 
Tier 2 
Total 
Comments 
Pillar 1 
4.50% 
1.50% 
2.00% 
8.00% 
Same applicable for 
all European banks 
Pillar 2 
0.04% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
0.07% 
Total Pillar 2R of 
0.07% split long the 
same lines as Pillar 
1 
Capital 
Conservation 
Buffer 
2.50% 
 
 
2.50% 
Applicable to all 
European 
banks, 
met with CET1 
Countercyclical 
Buffer 
0.01% 
 
 
0.01% 
Countercyclical 
buffer, 
met 
with 
CET1  
Total Binding 
Requirement  
7.05% 
1.51% 
2.02% 
10.58% 
 
Pillar 2G 
0.80% 
 
 
 
 
Total Capital 
Requirement 
7.85% 
1.51% 
2.02% 
11.38% 
 
 
Further Information on Cover Pool 
Further information on the Cover Pool (as defined below), including the disclosure pursuant to Section 28 
of the Pfandbrief Act can be found under: https://www.olb.de/olb/investor-relations/pfandbriefe. 
COURT AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
In the course of normal business operations, and in its capacity as an employer, investor and taxpayer, OLB 
is exposed to the risk of proceedings in the courts and before regulatory bodies.  
OLB recognizes provisions for potential losses from contingent liabilities in accordance with, and to the 
extent permissible under, applicable accounting rules. However, OLB's final actual liability may differ from 
the provisions that have been recognized, as a high degree of judgement is involved in assessing the 
probability of uncertain liabilities in such legal proceedings and quantifying them. These estimates may 
turn out to be inaccurate at a later stage of the proceedings. 
Other than as described below, within the past twelve months, there have been no government interventions, 
judicial or arbitration proceedings (including such proceedings which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, are 
still pending or can be initiated) that can have or have recently had a material impact on the financial 
situation or profitability of OLB AG and/or OLB, nor have such proceedings been completed: 
• 
OLB is involved in claims for damages by approximately 25 different retail companies against 
various banking associations for alleged antitrust violations in the regulation of dealer fees in 
electronic cash proceedings. The claims for damages aim at the banking associations (including 
those to which OLB is associated) joint and several liability for their member institutes, which 
issued girocards and collected fees provided for in this payment system. The claims currently 
amount to more than EUR 148 million without interest and costs (which may be significant). As 
of the date of this Prospectus, no court hearing has taken place and an assessment of the court is 
not yet available. The German banking industry and its legal advisors believe there are good 
arguments to conclude that the claims for damages will not be successful, or at least not in the 
amount claimed. Hence, OLB did not include any provision relating to these claims. Should the 
banking associations/institutions be unsuccessful in such pending proceedings, OLB could also be 
liable in case it is ruled that there will be a pro-rata compensation obligation for such claims. 
 
• 
At the end of December 2020, a wind farm project company, also acting on behalf of two wind 
farm operating companies, filed a lawsuit against OLB for a total of EUR 2.59 million at the

--- Page 269 ---
- 264 - 
 
Oldenburg Regional Court. It accuses OLB of culpability in the initiation of the contract, which 
made alternative financing by another bank necessary and thus led to delays in the completion of 
the turbines. This resulted in both increased costs and lost income. OLB defends itself against the 
accusation of culpable conduct and does not consider the requirements for a claim to be met. 
Accordingly, it has requested that the action be dismissed as unfounded. On 27 July 2021, the 
competent court dismissed the action at first instance. The plaintiff has filed an appeal against this. 
In its indicating order of 31 January 2022, the appeal court advised the applicants that it intended 
to dismiss the appeal by unanimous decision. 
 
• 
In an action served in August 2021 in connection with a financing from 2008, the insolvency 
administrator of a borrower company asserts claims in the amount of approximately 
EUR 1.7 million based on an alleged challenge of intent and from the point of view of the 
company's ongoing over-indebtedness until the opening of insolvency proceedings. OLB 
considers the claims to be unfounded, as the contested loan repayments were essentially internal 
refinancing and therefore, in its view, there was no objective disadvantage to the creditors. In 
addition, it contests the intention to disadvantage on the part of the persons acting. Nevertheless, 
the court granted the claim in full in its judgment of 9 November 2021. OLB has appealed against 
this ruling. In the event of a final conviction, OLB, as by far the largest creditor, would receive 
back a large part of the amount awarded to the insolvency estate after the conclusion of the 
insolvency proceedings.  
 
• 
In 2016, OLB collected an upfront fee of EUR 0.52 million from a borrower company for 
structuring and arranging a share deal. After the Federal Court of Justice's 2017 ruling placed very 
high requirements on the agreement of such fees, even for entrepreneurial loans, a waiver of any 
potential repayment claims was agreed in 2018. The former client now accuses OLB of having 
acted in an immoral manner and demands repayment of the amount plus interest. It has therefore 
filed an application for legal aid with the Munich Regional Court, which, if successful, would 
result in a lawsuit. OLB rejects the accusations and, besides, considers any claims to be time-
barred. 
 
• 
In early 2020, OLB extraordinarily terminated a loan agreement of EUR 4 million and started to 
negotiate the sale of OLB's loan position to other banks. However, OLB and the other banks 
could not agree on such a sale of the loan. Subsequently to the failure to complete the 
negotiations on the sale of the loan, the company which was the debtor of the loan had to file for 
insolvency. The insolvency administrator of the insolvent company is currently assessing 
whether to bring claims for damages against OLB due to its extraordinary termination of the 
loan. OLB believes the extraordinary termination of the loan agreement was valid under the 
terms of the agreement. No formal proceedings or claims have yet been initiated regarding this 
matter. Accordingly, no provision has been recorded as of the date of this Prospectus. Should 
damages be sought, the amount of damages sought could significantly exceed the portion of the 
loan agreement amount relating to OLB.

--- Page 270 ---
- 265 - 
 
SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN THE FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE ISSUER 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of OLB AG and its subsidiaries since 
31 December 2021.  
MATERIAL AGREEMENTS 
OLB has not entered into any agreements outside its ordinary course of business which have had a material 
influence on its business operations (including OLB's ability to meet its obligations to holders of issued 
debt securities) or which can be expected to exert such influence for good reason.  
RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICY/RISK MANAGEMENT STRATEGIES 
AND PROCEDURES 
Basic principles of risk control 
OLB strictly observes the principle that front- and back-office operations must be kept entirely independent 
from risk monitoring. It therefore maintains a strict separation between the market units' active assumption 
of risk, together with their risk management, on the one side, and risk monitoring, on the other. In the 
lending business and treasury operations, additionally, a separation between the front and back office is 
maintained at all levels below the Board of Managing Directors. 
When new products are introduced, a predefined process (the procedure for introducing new products or 
for entering new markets – new products, new markets, or NPNM) ensures that all concerned functions of 
OLB are able to participate in the risk and earnings analysis before planned new business activities begin. 
Before changes are made to the OLB's structure and procedures or its IT and rating systems (per CRR), the 
impact on the internal control system and on the risk management and controlling system is assessed and 
classified in a defined procedure by means of an internal controlling and risk assessment group. This ensures 
that before any planned measure is introduced, it has been reviewed by the organizational units affected 
and any necessary adjustments to the risk management and controlling system have been prepared. 
A number of panels support the Board of Managing Directors in preparing for decisions on risk 
management. The most important entity in this regard is the Risk Committee. 
The established risk reporting system established within OLB ensures that OLB AG's Board of Managing 
Directors is kept involved and informed about the risk management process. 
Suitable employee qualification measures in the risk management process ensure that the employees have 
the necessary and appropriate knowledge and experience. 
Risk culture 
Knowingly assuming risk and credit risks is inherent in OLB's business and risk strategy. 
Shared ethical values and a company-wide risk culture consistent with the risk strategy are important factors 
for the success of OLB's sustainable business performance. A well-defined corporate and risk culture can 
lastingly reduce misconduct by employees, while at the same time exerting a positive influence on the 
public's perception of OLB and its reputation. 
For OLB, this means continuously encouraging an internal risk culture, and deliberately reinforcing a value 
system that firmly anchors risk management and risk awareness in its corporate culture. In this connection, 
the principles of conduct established and communicated within OLB are of particular importance. 
OLB's Code of Conduct is a significant basic component of its practiced system of values, and must be 
considered a minimum standard for all employees' conduct. Not only the Board of Managing Directors but 
also all of OLB's executives play a significant role in shaping OLB's guiding principles, by setting an 
example through their own conduct. An appropriate risk culture, such as the one which the OLB has defined 
for itself, presupposes a management concept of open communication and cooperation, in which recognized 
risks are frankly communicated and crisis situations are approached with a focus on finding a solution. 
Employees are motivated to align their conduct with OLB's defined system of values and Code of Conduct, 
and to act within the bounds of risk tolerance as defined in further detail in the risk strategy. The 
implemented system of risk management and the transparency and communication needed for that purpose 
offer employees a chance to make the most of opportunities within the prescribed general conditions for 
risk management.

--- Page 271 ---
- 266 - 
 
At the same time, however, employees are also responsible for assessing risk comprehensively and 
managing it proactively. One significant component of risk culture is the conscious care and discipline with 
which participants approach their tasks in the customer and risk management process. 
A risk culture implies a constructive, open dialog within OLB that is encouraged and supported at all levels 
of management. In past years, OLB has already taken many steps that have further refined and lastingly 
reinforced a risk culture as part of its corporate culture. 
Risk strategy 
OLB AG's Board of Managing Directors adopts the risk strategy, reviews it at least once a year, and 
discusses it with the Supervisory Board. 
It is based on OLB's business strategy and takes account of the results of OLB's risk assessment, risk-
bearing ability, and organizational environment. The Issuer's business strategy is developed in a structured 
strategy process that seeks to ensure that its business and risk strategy is consistent with its business plans; 
OLB only enters into risks that are subject to a control process, and in amounts that pose no threat to the 
Company's continuing existence; claims by OLB's customers and other creditors are secured; OLB's risk-
bearing capacity is ensured through a risk-sensitive limitation of the principal risk categories and of the 
risks at the level of OLB's lines of business; that OLB's solvency is ensured and monitored by way of limits; 
and OLB has appropriate risk reporting and monitoring capabilities in place. 
OLB operates with a long-term perspective, applying a business model focusing on soundness and 
consistency. OLB's risk management process supports the implementation of this strategy by managing risk 
exposure so as to ensure that the Company's net assets, financial position and results of operations remain 
stable. 
From the viewpoint of business and risk strategy, an appropriate employee compensation system plays an 
especially important role, because in addition to other goals of human resources policy, it also ensures that 
employees counteract risk adequately. For that reason, the structure of that system is regularly reviewed by 
the Board of Managing Directors, revised if necessary, and formally noted by the Supervisory Board. 
Decisions about a strategic approach are made taking due account of the opportunities associated with the 
risks or, in case of operational risks, considering the costs associated with reducing or avoiding these risks. 
Structure and Organization of the Relevant Risk Management Function 
As part of its overall responsibility, and under the terms of section 25c KWG, OLB AG's Board of 
Managing Directors is responsible for defining OLB's strategies and for establishing and maintaining an 
appropriate, consistent, up-to-date risk management system. It defines the principles for risk management 
and controlling, together with the organizational structure, and monitors their implementation. 
The risk policy – as an embodiment of the requirements under the risk strategy – describes the principal 
aspects for organizing risk management. As part of that policy, below the Board of Managing Directors, 
the Risk Committee is established as the central body that monitors and manages OLB's risk-bearing ability. 
The Risk Committee includes the Chief Risk Officer, the Chief Financial and Treasury Officer, the head of 
Credit Risk Management, and the heads of the Risk Controlling, Finance, Controlling, and Treasury 
departments. The full Board of Managing Directors makes the final decision on aspects strategically 
relevant to risk. Its decisions are bound by the rules of procedure issued by the Supervisory Board, which 
define the required conditions. Any decisions outside the authority of the full Board of Managing Directors 
are coordinated with the Risk Committee and decided upon by the Supervisory Board. The following bodies 
and organizational units are responsible for managing the principal types of risk: 
Risk types and management responsibilities 
Type of risk 
 
Body/organizational unit 
Credit risk 
 
Risk Committee  
Market risk 
 
Risk Committee, Bank Management Committee 
Liquidity risk 
 
Risk Committee, Bank Management Committee  
Operational risk 
 
Risk Committee

--- Page 272 ---
- 267 - 
 
In keeping with the strategic focus and goals defined by the Board of Managing Directors in the Business 
and Risk Strategy as well as prescribed areas of authority and limits, these bodies and organizational units 
have the task of duly controlling risk on the basis of their analyses and assessments. This task also includes 
adequately designing organizational structures, processes and target agreements. However, decisions on 
individual credit risks are the responsibility of various levels of the organization as defined in the current 
allocation of authority. 
Risk monitoring is performed by the Risk Control department, and in the case of operational risks, 
additionally by the Compliance and Operations department. These departments are organizationally 
independent components of OLB's risk management system. They are kept strictly separate both from each 
other and from the units in charge of initiating, entering into, assessing and approving transactions. The 
task of Risk Control is to fully and consistently analyze, measure and monitor risks. It provides the risk 
analyses and risk information that risk management needs for active management adequate to the risk at 
hand. 
To prevent risks from non-compliance with regulatory requirements and laws OLB's compliance function 
has implemented effective methods to ensure a proper awareness of new requirements and is monitoring 
very closely the process of implementation by the departments. 
Operational Risk Management is implemented throughout the organisation using the internal control system. 
It is a central part of the risk management values, that every risk-taking entity or process owner must take 
responsibility within the risk management process. For example the business continuance management is 
organized by the Operations department whereas the reputation risks is coordinated by the Corporate 
Communications department. Risk Control sets the standards to measure the risk potentials and ensures the 
steering within the risk appetite set by the management board. 
In addition, the Internal Auditing department performs an assessment of the adequacy of the risk 
management and controlling system from outside the process, by auditing the functionality and efficacy of 
the entire risk process and the other processes associated with it. 
Strategies and Procedures for Managing the Main Types of Risk 
As part of the annual risk assessment process, OLB examines what risks are relevant to it, and whether all 
significant types of risk are subjected to an appropriate risk management process. Credit risk, market price 
risk, liquidity risk and operational risk are defined as significant risks that, because of their amount and 
nature, are material to OLB's continuing existence. The results of the risk assessment are incorporated into 
the risk-bearing ability process by way of the risk strategy. 
OLB also considers sustainability risks. For instance, it analyzes the effects of a protracted drought on the 
affected sectors in its credit portfolio. These risks do not constitute a separate risk category. They may 
instead affect all known risk types and are factored into strategic planning.  
Credit risk 
Strategy for credit risk 
Knowingly assuming credit risks is an integral part of the business and risk strategy. The strategic risk goal 
is the permanent preservation of the risk-bearing ability while simultaneously optimizing the risk-return 
ratio. 
The management of credit risk is a shared task of the front offices and the Risk function based on 
responsible action as part of the bank-wide risk management process. 
The aim is to avoid risks that are unsustainable for OLB or for which no economically reasonable risk 
premium can be obtained. Concentration risks are limited by, for example, defining limits for specific sub-
portfolios. 
Management of credit risk 
Management of all credit risks in the customer lending business is based on an integrated concept of 
guidelines, structures of authority, and requirement systems consistent with OLB's strategic focus and 
objectives. 
The loan decision process is structured consistently with this concept. An organizational and disciplinary 
separation between front office and back office is ensured at all levels.

--- Page 273 ---
- 268 - 
 
During the life of the credit, all exposures are monitored at all times. As a rule, a manual update of the 
rating is performed annually for relevant loans. Furthermore, automated status ratings are carried out 
monthly. In addition, all exposures are monitored by various automated and manual early detection 
procedures for risk; when needed, these procedures trigger a mandatory rating review together with 
predefined analytical and reporting processes. 
The timing and scope of recurring appraisals of collateral depend on the nature of the collateral and the 
value attributed to it. Since real property plays such an important role as collateral for OLB, a central real 
estate monitoring unit has been set up that tracks regional changes in prices in the real estate market, and 
triggers an individual review of the affected regional real estate figures when material changes occur. 
The qualitative and quantitative requirements for approving and monitoring exposures are coupled to the 
risk involved in each case. Depending on volume and credit rating, spheres of authority are defined so that 
credit decisions are always made at a level adequate to the risk involved. 
In addition, Risk Control reviews the development of credit risks in the customer loan book as a whole each 
month. It performs structural analyses of the portfolio (rating, collateral, defaulted customers, economic 
sectors, new business, etc.), and investigates the impact on economic KPI such as expected loss and 
regulatory equity requirements. The results are reported to the Risk Committee and incorporated into the 
quarterly risk report to the full Board of Managing Directors, and the Supervisory Board. 
Stress tests are additionally performed at regular intervals. The scenarios considered there are regularly 
reviewed in terms of their up-to-dateness and relevance. 
Market risk 
Strategy for market risk 
OLB has access to domestic regulated, open and OTC markets for stocks, bonds, money markets and 
derivatives markets, partially through third-party service providers which also enable it to access 
corresponding international marketplaces. Although it does not trade on its own account, it does conduct 
transactions – especially in its business with customers – that are classified for regulatory purposes as "small 
trading book business". Small trading book business (according to Article 94 CRR) is trading portfolio 
business that is always less than 5% of an institution's total assets. 
OLB conducts trading transactions in the non-trading portfolio when they are intended to safeguard OLB's 
long-term liquidity and to control the risk of changes in interest rates within the defined limits. In this way, 
they serve to safeguard OLB's long-term survival and earnings stability. The principal lines of business 
included in the non-trading portfolio are money trading and trading in or issuing bonds. They are 
complemented by derivative transactions to mitigate risk. 
Interest rate risks in the interest rate book are managed at OLB on a present value method. Interest rate 
risks in the banking book are managed by the "passive" method. The risk position essentially derives from 
developments in new lending business, the holdings of highly liquid bond securities in necessary liquidity 
reserves, and the refinancing structure. Investments for OLB's liquidity reserve may be made only within a 
specifically defined range of product types. 
OLB counters issuer and counterparty default risks in the trading business with banks, and in securities 
investments, by limiting its dealings fundamentally to trading partners who have first-class credit ratings 
and to central-bank counterparties, as well as by maintaining a firmly established system of limits and 
pursuing a broadly diversified portfolio. The strategic orientation is defined in OLB's risk strategy.  
Management of market risk 
The risk from the non-trading portfolio derives primarily from changes in interest rates. An open foreign-
currency position is possible only for very minor technical amounts. The limit for open foreign-currency 
positions is set at EUR 1 million. Additionally, the limit for holdings in foreign cash, precious metals and 
commodities is set at EUR 2 million. 
In terms of the approval process, credit risks from the trading business are treated analogously to the 
commercial lending business. 
OLB's Bank Management Committee and the Risk Committee are responsible for managing market price 
risk. Positioning in the non-trading portfolio is deliberated and decided by the Bank Management 
Committee. Market risks are monitored by the Risk Control department, and limits are adopted by the full 
Board of Managing Directors, taking due account of recommendations from the Risk Committee.

--- Page 274 ---
- 269 - 
 
Value at risk for market risks (99.9% / 1 year) serves to limit risk, and is further allocated between stocks 
and the interest rate book, taking diversification into account. 
To assess market risk, in addition to statistical risk assessment using value-at-risk models, OLB applies 
both regulatory and economic stress tests. 
Treasury largely manages the risk of interest rate changes by means of interest rate derivatives. OLB 
primarily uses interest rate swaps to manage the interest rate risk of the banking book. Such interest rate 
swaps are only used for non-speculative hedging purposes and do not have a valuation effect. In addition, 
Treasury can influence the securities held in the liquidity reserve at any time with respect to the volume 
and the fixed interest rate. 
Liquidity risk 
Strategy for liquidity risk 
The strategy of OLB is to maintain sufficient liquidity to ensure solvency at all times. 
Management of liquidity risk 
Liquidity risks are limited based on the institution-specific funding matrix, the regulatory key indicator 
liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) and NSFR. The Risk Committee is regularly informed of the evolution of 
the key ratios. These considerations are supplemented with a liquidity buffer that must be maintained, 
derived from weekly and monthly liquidity outflows from customer transactions. To ensure that no liquidity 
shortfall over a 6-month period occurs even in downgrade scenarios, OLB runs three individual stress tests: 
downside, recession and a combination scenario. The analysis takes account of business performance both 
under normal market conditions and under stress scenarios. 
OLB's treasury department can draw at any time on the securities held in the liquidity reserve, or cover 
additional liquidity needs through sales, pledges for the Bundesbank refinancing facilities, or forward sales 
under repurchase operation (repo) agreements. 
Operational risk 
Strategy for operational risk 
OLB pursues the strategy of primarily avoiding operational risks or reducing existing operational risks. 
Within the scope of a catalog of competencies and taking cost-benefit aspects into account, operational 
risks can be accepted or assumed to a limited extent (risk assumption). 
OLB uses uniform, coordinated instruments to identify, measure and monitor operational risks. Since 2003, 
relevant losses attributable to operational risks have been collected in a structured, systematic way in an 
internal database. The history from those losses serves as a basis for a focused, detailed analysis and 
remediation of causes.  
As part of the annual risk assessment, risk scenarios specific to OLB are developed by the Risk Control 
department. The relevant scenarios are discussed at risk workshops with experts from the specialized 
departments, who assess them for the potential level and frequency of losses. If changes occur under 
scenarios during the year, the corresponding scenarios are reassessed. The assessment is based on OLB's 
own experience as well as other available internal and external data. 
Management of operational risk 
Management of operational risks is essentially based on the scenario analyses, on analyses of losses actually 
incurred, and on the risk indicators for operational risks. Depending on the importance of the recognized 
risk fields, it may be necessary to take steps to limit risks, taking cost-benefit considerations into account. 
Such steps include optimizing processes and keeping employees adequately informed (including through 
continuing training and by using up-to-date communication methods), as well as taking out insurance 
against major losses (for example, a fire at the headquarters) and establishing an appropriate backup system 
for computer data. Within the scope of the stress test for operational risks, the effects of the hypothetical 
realization of an extreme loss scenario on the OLB AG's income statement are considered. 
Risk-Bearing Capacity 
The Risk Committee monitors and manages OLB's risk-bearing capacity. To determine the risk-bearing 
capacity, OLB applies two different perspectives: a normative perspective and an economic perspective.

--- Page 275 ---
- 270 - 
 
Normative Perspective. For the review of OLB's normative perspective, OLB considers an adverse scenario 
over a period of three years, including the effects on it of a severe economic downturn on OLB. The starting 
point for the normative perspective is the regulatory and supervisory key performance indicators and their 
calculation logic. The risk-bearing capacity in the normative perspective is positive, as long as the adverse 
scenario does not lead to a short-fall in the Tier 1 capital ratio and the overall ratio required in accordance 
with the CRR taking the SREP premium and countercyclical capital buffer into account in each case. 
Economic Perspective. The economic perspective is used to ensure the preservation of OLB's assets over 
the long term and to protect creditors against losses in economic terms. In the economic perspective, the 
key risks and its risk-coverage potential are considered from an economic point of view. The key figure for 
assessing risk-bearing capacity in the economic perspective is the cover ratio based on the level of capacity 
utilization. OLB calculates this as the ratio of existing risk coverage potential and the risk capital required 
for the risks entered into. Risk-bearing capacity in the economic perspective is guaranteed, as long as the 
coverage ratio based on capacity utilization is greater than or equal to 100%. To safeguard OLB's continuing 
existence and leeway for action in terms of business policy in the event of potential adverse changes in the 
economic environment, its risk strategy also defines a reserve for the adverse scenario that exceeds this 
minimum requirement. Risk capital requirements are calculated using value-at-risk models, with a 
confidence level of 99.9% and a holding period of one year. The risk-coverage potential in the economic 
risk bearing capacity does not take into account future profits. 
Scope and Type of Risk Reporting and Measurement Systems 
In risk reporting, the risk controlling system reports regularly to decision makers (the full Board of 
Managing Directors, Risk Committee, pertinent department managers) and the Supervisory Board, as well 
as the Risk Committee appointed by the Supervisory Board. The frequency of reporting depends on the 
significance of the risk and on regulatory requirements. Information that is significant for risk is 
immediately conveyed to management, the officers in charge, and to the Internal Auditing and Compliance 
departments, if applicable. 
On behalf of the Board of Managing Directors, Risk Control additionally prepares an overarching risk 
report on the basis of the individual detailed reports. This is submitted quarterly to the Board of Managing 
Directors and serves as the basis for risk management and reporting to the Risk Committee and the full 
Supervisory Board. 
Filing external risk reports with the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) regarding the lending 
business is the task of the Finance department. 
Credit risk adjustments 
Definition "overdue" and "non-performing" 
A customer is deemed to be "overdue" as soon as he has a material overdraft in accordance with CRR, 
which is defined as a cumulative overdraft of the customer or cumulative loan arrears of at least EUR 100 
and at least 1% of the customer's balance sheet total. In addition, overdrafts and arrears of EUR 250 
thousand or more are classified as material at OLB, irrespective of the customer's loan volume. If the 
customer is more than 90 days overdue or if there are other indications of imminent insolvency (e.g., 
initiation of insolvency proceedings), he is deemed to have "defaulted" for accounting purposes and within 
the framework of capital adequacy. He is included in the procedures for determining a loan loss and 
assigned to the category "non-performing." The default definition is used uniformly for the accounting and 
the equity calculation according to CRR. 
Approaches and methods 
OLB uses four methods to calculate the need for loan losses for on-balance-sheet and off-balance-sheet 
loan receivables. OLB differentiates between a homogeneous and an inhomogeneous portfolio in its 
relevant processes. 
For all exposures of the homogeneous and inhomogeneous portfolio, risk provisioning takes place up to the 
formation of a loan loss in the form of a lump-sum loan loss provision (in the homogeneous portfolio: 
Portfolio Loan Loss Provision ("PLLP"); in the inhomogeneous portfolio: General Loan Loss Provision 
"GLLP"). PLLP and GLLP are determined in a machine procedure using historical risk parameters based 
on the expected loss.

--- Page 276 ---
- 271 - 
 
The formation of provisions for defaulted exposures of the inhomogeneous portfolio takes place in the form 
of a loan loss (Specific Loan Loss Provision "SLLP") using the discounted cash flow method. The SLLP 
is calculated as the difference between the carrying amount of the receivable on the one hand and the cash 
value of still expected cash flows from the receivable and the collateral provided on the other. In the 
homogeneous portfolio, the SLLP applies as soon as the underlying exposures are classified as defaulted 
for a predefined period of time. In this case, the PLLP is then transitioned to the SLLP, the calculation of 
which is identical to the procedure in the inhomogeneous portfolio. 
The country risk provisioning reflects the transfer and convertibility risk of receivables from borrowers 
domiciled abroad. The amount of the provision is calculated – taking into account recoverable collateral 
and any existing provisions for customer risks – as the expected default rate (country risk provisioning ratio) 
on customer receivables. As of the balance sheet date of 31 December 2021, no country risk provisioning 
was necessary. 
Changes in risk provisions for lending business as of 31 December 2021 
millions of euros 
Initial 
amount of 
the period 
Allocation
s 
Reversals 
Used 
Reversals 
through 
unwinding 
Ending 
amount of 
the period 
 
 
(+) 
(-) 
(-) 
(-) 
 
SLLP ............................. 
106.6 
35.8 
16.0 
35.2 
0.7 
90.5 
Provisions ...................... 
18.9 
14.9 
6.3 
- 
- 
27.5 
GLLP/PLLP .................. 
51.8 
5.1 
12.8 
2.3 
- 
41.9 
Total .............................. 
177.3 
55.8 
35.1 
37.4 
0.7 
159.9 
 
Structure of internal assessment systems 
Credit assessment and early risk identification procedures 
The key factor for assessing the creditworthiness of a borrower is the probability of default, expressed as a 
credit rating. It is determined based on quantitative and qualitative factors. OLB uses different procedures 
depending on the type of customer or borrower and the business to be conducted. 
These systems are supplemented by automated monitoring procedures that determine a credit rating based 
on customer data and account information, trigger corresponding processing obligations and/or trigger the 
activation of another competence level. 
Structure of the rating procedures 
Since 2008 OLB has applied the Advanced Internal Ratings Based Approach ("A-IRBA"), which is the 
most sophisticated approach within the regulatory framework, to determine the regulatory capital 
requirements of its loan portfolio. Upon admission to the A-IRBA, OLB may determine the regulatory 
capital requirements for counterparty risks on the basis of internal rating procedures as well as self-assessed 
parameters for the exposure at default ("EAD") and the loss given default ("LGD").  
In order to simplify the model landscape, the bank has applied for a change to the Foundation Approach 
(F-IRBA) for the non-retail exposure classes in 2021. The supervisory authority has already given its 
approval for parts of the "corporate" exposure class and the "institutions" exposure class - these will be 
treated in the F-IRBA from the end of Q1/2022. The changeover for the other non-retail portfolios is 
planned in the course of 2022.The rating procedures used to determine the probability of default differ in 
structure according to the type of borrower and business. Generally, both qualitative and quantitative 
information on the borrower is included in the rating. For example, in the risk exposure classes of the retail 
business, this information consists of personal data, business connection data, as well as financial and 
account data. For corporate clients in the "Corporate" exposure class which are not classified as specialized 
lending under Article 147 (8) CRR, the financial statements form the basis for assessing the financial 
position. Qualitative information, e.g., on the competitive situation or qualification of the management, 
complement the evaluation. 
For specialized lending, proprietary rating procedures are used. Since the repayment of obligations is 
primarily based on the income generated by the funded projects, project indicators such as debt service

--- Page 277 ---
- 272 - 
 
coverage ratio (DSCR) are key quantitative components of these rating procedures. Qualitative factors, 
such as operators' project experience or the location of wind turbines, are likewise incorporated. The 
allocation of risk weightings for specialized lending positions is carried out in accordance with the methods 
of Article 153 (5) CRR. 
In the rating systems belonging to the retail business, the portfolio valuation, i.e., the current valuation 
outside of new business, is carried out by a machine procedure, which is substantially based on the valuation 
of the movements on the payment transaction accounts. The application rating procedure in the rating 
systems 
"Private 
Mortgage 
Lending," 
"Consumer 
Loans" 
and 
"Private 
Customers 
Other 
(Standard/Individual)" also assesses the financial circumstances of the applicant. In addition, information 
from external credit ratings agencies is included in the rating result. The quantitative methods of credit 
rating are developed on the basis of accepted statistical modeling techniques, such as logistic regression. In 
accordance with Article 174 CRR, the models used are supplemented by individual assessments by the 
responsible employees in order to take account of information that is not covered by the model. In some 
procedures, a manual overwriting of the determined credit rating class, a so-called override, is possible. 
This requires an explicit justification. 
In the "Institutions" exposure class, OLB uses a pool-based rating. Again, quantitative information from 
the annual financial statements of the institutions as well as qualitative information are used. Depending on 
the rating system, the rating is determined by the employees of the front and/or the back office. If an 
exposure is considered "risk relevant", the rating is created jointly by the front and back office. Otherwise, 
for smaller retail exposures with sufficient creditworthiness, the scoring is provided exclusively by the front 
office. The bank rating is created exclusively in the back office. 
The ratings in the exposure classes "Corporate" and "Institutions" are updated at least annually as part of 
the ongoing credit monitoring process. In the retail business, which is not subject to a periodic revaluation 
but only on an event-related basis (e.g., initiated on the basis of risk signals), the machine evaluation is 
applied after the expiry of the validity of an application scoring or a business customer rating. 
The monthly assignment of loans to the defined rating systems is based in technical terms on the currently 
valid databases. For the assignment, the customer type, the type of the business and, for enterprises and the 
self-employed, the loan volume and the business turnover are consulted. 
All of OLB's relevant IT systems include suitable data entry verification procedures and are subject to 
periodic audit reviews. In the event of serious data quality defects, remedial action is initiated immediately. 
Master scale 
The basis for determining the probability of default is a consistent and unambiguous identification of default 
events. OLB bases this on a definition of default that is in accordance with the requirements of Article 178 
CRR and confirmed by the supervisor during the quality audit. 
The result of a rating, the estimated one-year default probability (Probability of Default (PD)) is uniformly 
mapped on a master scale at OLB for all rating procedures. The OLB master scale comprises 16 classes, 
with classes 1 to 14 each assigned an average probability of default; classes 15 and 16 apply to defaulted 
customers. 
The following overview describes the credit rating classes used at OLB. 
Credit rating classes 
Rating 
class 
Average 
probability of 
default (PD) 
PD-Range 
Standard & Poor's 
Description OLB 
1 
0.015% 
< 0.02% 
AA+ 
Ability to fulfill the payment 
obligations. 
"Investment grade" 
2 
0.030% 
0.02% - 0.05% 
A+ 
3 
0.060% 
0.05% - 0.08% 
A- 
4 
0.110% 
0.08% - 0.15% 
BBB+ 
5 
0.200% 
0.15% - 0.26% 
BBB 
6 
0.350% 
0.26% - 0.46% 
BBB- 
7 
0.600% 
0.46% - 0.80% 
BB+

--- Page 278 ---
- 273 - 
 
Rating 
class 
Average 
probability of 
default (PD) 
PD-Range 
Standard & Poor's 
Description OLB 
8 
1.050% 
0.80% - 1.40% 
BB 
Ability to fulfill the payment 
obligations with limitations 
9 
1.850% 
1.40% - 2.45% 
BB- 
10 
3.250% 
2.45% - 4.30% 
B+ 
Ability to fulfill the payment 
obligations impaired 
11 
5.700% 
4.30% - 7.50% 
B 
12 
10.000% 
7.50% - 13.25% 
B- 
13 
17.500% 
13.25% - 23.00% 
CCC 
Increased to severe default 
tendency to default of payment 
14 
30.000% 
≥ 23.00% 
CCC 
15 
100% 
100% 
D 
Borrower is in default of 
payment according to CRR or 
deemed to have defaulted 
16 
100% 
100% 
D 
 
In addition to the probability of default determined according to the rating procedures, further internally 
estimated risk parameters are used in the advanced IRB approach: LGD, which essentially determines the 
risk weight together with the PD, and the Credit Conversion Factor ("CCF"), which is needed to determine 
the IRBA exposure (Exposure at Default, "EAD"). 
The LGD describes the proportion of the exposure that is unrecoverable in the event of default. It represents 
a measure of the severity of a possible loss. The basis for determining the loss ratio is a concept that 
determines the estimated loss given default based on internally estimated factors, taking into account the 
situation of the individual case. Crucial for the determination of the loss ratio are the forecasted proceeds 
from collateral and the expected returns from unsecured loan components. The determination of the 
proceeds depends on the properties of the security and the properties of the customer. 
In addition, a recovery rate is modeled that gives an estimate of the likelihood that a defaulted customer 
can be re-classified as not defaulted over time. 
Conceptually, estimates of loss ratios in the event of default are carried out independently of the estimate 
of the customer's probability of default. The concept of LGD models ensures here that the main causes of 
losses in specific LGD factors are taken into account. 
OLB uses specific conversion factors to calculate the IRBA exposures. Conceptually, the IRBA exposure 
is defined as the expected volume of credit exposure to a counterparty at the time of its potential default. In 
this case, open lines or guarantees are counted as a percentage via conversion factors. This reflects the 
assumption that in the case of loan commitments, the amount borrowed at the time of default may be higher 
than the amount currently drawn. 
OLB's LGD and CCF models for the "Corporate" exposure class and the retail business exposure classes 
are based on statistical analysis of empirical Bank-internal loss data and are reviewed at least annually. 
Both internal and regulatory requirements have been implemented in the development of these models. 
For the "Institutions" exposure class, the estimates are based on external historical data as well as on expert 
knowledge from the relevant specialist departments of the institution. 
Control mechanisms for rating systems, description of independence and responsibilities and review of 
those systems 
Organization 
As part of OLB's risk management and controlling system, the Risk Control department, as an independent 
counterparty risk monitoring unit according to CRR, is responsible for the processes and policies for 
assigning IRBA positions to rating classes. It is also responsible for the supervision, monitoring and 
documentation of the models used for the assignment of debtors to rating classes. As part of the reporting 
to the management, Risk Control prepares analyses and reports on the rating systems used at OLB. Risk 
Control is also responsible for the further development, documentation and regular validation of the rating 
methods as well as for the estimation and validation of the risk parameters. For the rating systems in relation

--- Page 279 ---
- 274 - 
 
to banks and to commercial real estate, the activity of the development as well as the statistical backtesting 
in the course of the validation of the rating procedure within the meaning of section 190 CRR is outsourced. 
Extensions as well as material and significant changes to the risk rating and estimation processes are 
approved by the Risk Committee. The periodic validation results on rating procedures and parameter 
estimates are also presented and submitted to the Risk Committee and explained. Committee resolutions 
are submitted to the full Board of Managing Directors for information. 
Validation 
The internally estimated risk parameters PD, LGD and CCF used for the IRBA rating systems are reviewed 
for their quality during validation. The validation consists of a qualitative and a quantitative analysis, based 
on internal data and carried out on a regular basis. Within the qualitative validation, the data quality is 
examined and evaluated. In addition, an assessment is made as to whether the models are being deployed 
by the users as intended, the policies and procedures are being complied with, and the internal risk 
assessments and default and loss estimates are an integral part of the risk management and decision-making 
process, as well as of credit approval, internal capital allocation and corporate governance of the institution 
("Use Test"). The quantitative analysis consists of backtesting that statistically analyzes the quality and 
selectivity of the procedures. If the validation shows deviations between estimated and actual results, the 
settings of the systems are adapted to the new findings. 
As the sole exception, the quantitative validation of OLB's rating and the rating for commercial real estate 
is based not on internal information, but on the data of the banks involved in the pool procedure. It is carried 
out by an external service provider.

--- Page 280 ---
- 275 - 
 
PFANDBRIEFE AND THE MORTGAGE BANKING SECTOR 
The following is a description reduced to some of the more fundamental principles governing the laws 
regarding Pfandbriefe and Pfandbrief Banks in overview form and without addressing all the laws' 
complexities and details. Accordingly, it is qualified in its entirety by reference to the applicable laws. 
Introduction 
The Pfandbrief operations of the Bank are subject to the German Pfandbrief Act (Pfandbriefgesetz) 
("Pfandbrief Act"). 
Since 19 July 2005, German credit institutions such as the Issuer are permitted, subject to authorization and 
further requirements of the Pfandbrief Act, to engage in the Pfandbrief business and to issue Pfandbriefe. 
German credit institutions wishing to take up the Pfandbrief business must obtain a special authorization 
under the Banking Act from the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht – the "BaFin") and, for that purpose, must meet some additional 
requirements as specified in the Pfandbrief Act. The Issuer holds such authorization. 
The operations of all banks engaged in the issuance of Pfandbriefe are regulated by the Pfandbrief Act and 
the Banking Act and the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending 
Regulation (EU) No 646/2012, as amended (the "CRR"), and are subject to the supervision of the BaFin. 
In particular, the BaFin carries out regular audits of the assets forming part of any Cover Pool (as defined 
below). 
In this overview, banks authorized to issue Pfandbriefe will generally be referred to as "Pfandbrief 
Banks". 
Rules applicable to all Types of Pfandbriefe 
Pfandbriefe are standardised debt instruments issued by a Pfandbrief Bank. The structure of Pfandbriefe is 
strictly governed by provisions of the Pfandbrief Act and subject to the supervision of the BaFin. 
Pfandbriefe generally are medium- to long-term bonds, typically with an original maturity of two to fifteen 
years, which are secured or "covered" at all times by a pool of qualifying Cover Assets as described below. 
Pfandbriefe are obligations of the issuing bank. Hence, no separate vehicle is created for their issuance or 
for the issuance of any specific series of Pfandbriefe. Due to statutory provisions the terms and conditions 
of Pfandbriefe may not provide the option for an early redemption at the option of the holders. 
Pfandbriefe may either be Mortgage Pfandbriefe (Hypothekenpfandbriefe), Public Sector Pfandbriefe 
(Öffentliche Pfandbriefe) or Ship Mortgage Pfandbriefe (Schiffspfandbriefe) as well as Aircraft Pfandbriefe 
(Flugzeugpfandbriefe). The outstanding Pfandbriefe of any one of these types must be covered by a separate 
pool of qualifying Cover Assets: a separate pool for each of Mortgage Pfandbriefe, Public Sector 
Pfandbriefe, Ship Mortgage Pfandbriefe and Aircraft Pfandbriefe ("Cover Pool"). An independent trustee 
(Treuhänder) appointed by the BaFin monitors that in each case the prescribed cover exists and whether 
the assets used as cover are correctly entered in the cover register. 
The coverage (Deckung) of all outstanding Pfandbriefe must be ensured at all times according to the net 
present value (Barwert), which shall include interest and principal obligations. Moreover, the present value 
of the cover assets (Deckungswerte) contained in the Cover Pool must exceed the net present value of all 
outstanding Pfandbriefe of this type by currently at least two per cent. (sichernde Überdeckung). 
Such excess cover must consist of: 
(i) 
debt securities, debt register claims, treasury bills and treasury certificates of the German 
government, a special fund of the German government, a German federal state, the European 
Communities, another member state of the European Union, another member state of the European 
Economic Area (the "EEA States"), the European Investment Bank, the IBRD-World Bank, the 
Council of Europe Development Bank, or the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, 
Switzerland, the United States, Canada, Japan to the extent that their risk weight has been assigned 
to the credit rating 1 according to table 1 of article 114 para. 2 CRR by a recognized international 
rating agency;

--- Page 281 ---
- 276 - 
 
(ii) 
debt securities the interest and redemption of which is guaranteed by any of the foregoing entities; 
and 
(iii) 
credit balances maintained with the European Central Bank, the central banks of the member states 
of the European Union and subject to certain conditions appropriate credit institutions having its 
seat in a state named in sub-clause (i) above which have, pursuant to article 119 para. 1 and article 
496 para. 3 CRR a risk weight equalling the credit rating 1 according to table 3 of article 120 para. 
1 or table 5 of article 121 para. 1 of the CRR, the fulfilment of which is not conditional, limited in 
time, subordinated to other claims by way of a legal transaction or restricted in any other way, but 
only provided that the Pfandbrief Bank knows the amount of the claim at the time of the purchase. 
The claims maturing under recorded cover assets and maturing liabilities under Pfandbriefe outstanding 
and derivative transactions included in cover shall be reconciled against each other on a same-day basis for 
the next 180 days in order to safeguard liquidity. The highest amount so calculated must at all times be 
covered by the sum of the cover values listed under sub-clauses (i) to (iii) above and the entered recorded 
cover assets which the European System of Central Banks have classified as being eligible for central bank 
credit. 
The Pfandbrief Bank must record in the register of cover assets for any Cover Pool of a given Pfandbrief 
type each asset and the claims or liabilities arising from Cover Pool eligible derivatives (Deckungsgeeignete 
Derivategeschäfte). Cover Pool eligible derivatives may be entered in such register only with the consent 
of the trustee and the counterparty. 
The Pfandbrief Bank must maintain a suitable risk management system meeting the requirements specified 
in detail in the Pfandbrief Act and must comply with comprehensive disclosure requirements on a quarterly 
and annual basis set out in detail in the Pfandbrief Act. 
As OLB AG may issue Pfandbriefe as Mortgage Pfandbriefe (Hypothekenpfandbriefe) (see "General 
Description of the Programme", inter alia, Set of Terms and Conditions for Option IV and Option V), the 
following paragraphs set out some of the more fundamental principles in overview form governing the laws 
regarding this type of Pfandbriefe only. 
Cover Pool for Mortgage Pfandbriefe 
The principal assets qualifying for the Cover Pool for Mortgage Pfandbriefe are loans secured by mortgages 
or land charges respectively which may serve as cover up to the initial 60 per cent. of the value of the 
property (mortgage lending value / Beleihungswert), as assessed by experts of the Pfandbrief Bank not 
taking part in the credit decision in accordance with comprehensive evaluation rules designed to determine 
the market value of the property. Moreover, the mortgaged property must be adequately insured against 
risks relevant to the type and location of the property. 
The property that may be encumbered by the mortgages must be situated in a member state of the European 
Union or any state of the European Economic Area, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, the United States, 
Canada, Japan, Australia, New Zealand or Singapore. 
The total volume of claims against debtors in non-European Union states for which it is not ensured that 
the preferential right of the Mortgage Pfandbrief creditors pursuant to Section 30(1) of the Pfandbrief Act 
extends to the claims may not exceed 10 per cent. of the total volume of claims for which the preferential 
right is ensured or for which there is an obligation pursuant Section 30(2a) sentence 3 of the Pfandbrief 
Act. 
In addition, the cover prescribed in Section 12(1) Pfandbrief Act for Mortgage Pfandbriefe may comprise 
a limited portion of other assets as follows: 
(i) 
certain equalization claims converted into bearer bonds; 
(ii) 
subject to certain qualifications, up to a total sum of 10 per cent. of the aggregate amount of 
outstanding Mortgage Pfandbriefe, those assets which may also be included in the 2 per cent. 
excess cover described above, and money claims against the European Central Bank, a central bank 
of any EU member state or a suitable credit institution; the share of money claims against one and 
the same credit institution may not exceed 2 per cent. of the aggregate amount of outstanding 
Mortgage Pfandbriefe;

--- Page 282 ---
- 277 - 
 
(iii) 
the assets which may also be included in the Cover Pool for Public Sector Pfandbriefe, up to a total 
of 20 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Mortgage Pfandbriefe (whereby 
the assets referred to in sub-clause (ii) above will be deducted); 
(iv) 
claims arising under eligible derivatives with certain eligible counterparties, provided that it is 
assured that the claims arising under such derivatives will not be prejudiced in the event of the 
insolvency of the Pfandbrief Bank or any other Cover Pool maintained by it. The amount of the 
claims of the Pfandbrief Bank arising under derivatives (except for derivative transactions which 
serve solely to hedge a currency risk which cover assets or Pfandbriefe entail) which are included 
in the Cover Pool relative to the total amount of all assets forming part of the Cover Pool as well 
as the amount of the liabilities of the Pfandbrief Bank arising from such derivatives relative to the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Mortgage Pfandbriefe plus the liabilities arising 
from derivatives may in either case not exceed 12 per cent., calculated in each case on the basis of 
the net present values. 
Insolvency Proceedings 
In the event of the institution of insolvency proceedings over the assets of the Pfandbrief Bank, any Cover 
Pool maintained by it would not be part of the insolvency estate (Separation Principle), and, therefore, such 
insolvency would not automatically result in an insolvency of any Cover Pool. Only if at the same time or 
thereafter the relevant Cover Pool were to become insolvent, separate insolvency proceedings would be 
initiated against such Cover Pool by the BaFin. In this case, holders of Pfandbriefe would have a preferred 
claim against the respective Cover Pool. Their preferential right would also extend to interest on the 
Pfandbriefe accrued after the commencement of insolvency proceedings. Furthermore, but only to the 
extent that holders of Pfandbriefe suffer a loss, holders would also have recourse to any assets of the 
Pfandbrief Bank not included in the Cover Pools. As regards those assets, holders of the Pfandbriefe would 
rank equal with other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors of the Pfandbrief Bank. 
For each Cover Pool a Cover Pool Administrator will be appointed in the case of the insolvency of the 
Pfandbrief Bank to administer the Cover Pool. The Cover Pool Administrator will be appointed by the court 
having jurisdiction at the location of the head office of the Pfandbrief Bank upon recommendation of the 
BaFin. The Cover Pool Administrator will be subject to the supervision of the court and also of the BaFin 
with respect to the duties of the Pfandbrief Bank arising in connection with the administration of the assets 
included in the relevant Cover Pool. The purpose of separating the Cover Pool assets from the insolvency 
estate is the timely fulfilment of the Pfandbrief liabilities and the proper administration of the cover pool 
assets. The Cover Pool Administrator is entitled to undertake all legal transactions having effect on the 
relevant Pfandbrief Bank with limited business activities which are necessary for a correct administration 
of the Cover Pool assets in the interests of the fullest and timely fulfilment of the relevant Pfandbrief 
liabilities; the administrator may in particular procure liquid funds to ensure the complete settlement of 
outstanding Pfandbriefe. The insolvency administrator is entitled to demand the transfer of cover pool assets 
to the insolvency estate if and to the extent that those assets are obviously not necessary to satisfy Pfandbrief 
claims. 
The German Pfandbrief Act provides for the protection of rights of holders of Pfandbriefe by provisions 
which clarify that measures that may be implemented on the basis of the SAG that increase the powers of 
the competent resolution authority in case of financial difficulties of a credit institution do not apply to the 
Pfandbrief business of the respective credit institution, but only to the remaining part of the business of the 
respective credit institution. 
Any transfer in relation to cover pool assets shall be made in accordance with the Pfandbrief Act. A transfer 
of cover pool assets may also comprise the direct transfer of assets registered in the cover registers and the 
corresponding Pfandbrief obligations. 
Further, in the case of a liquidity shortfall, as of 1 July 2021 the possibility exists that the maturity of 
outstanding Pfandbriefe, including of Pfandbriefe issued prior to 1 July 2021, is deferred up to twelve 
months pursuant to the new Section 30 (2a) et seq. Pfandbrief Act. Such maturity deferral can only be 
effected by the Cover Pool Administrator. The appointment of the Cover Pool Administrator must be made 
in accordance with Section 31 (1) and (11) German Pfandbrief Act and is possible only in certain cases; in 
particular, the Cover Pool Administrator may be appointed prior to the opening of insolvency proceedings, 
for example, if the requirements of Section 46 German Banking Act are met or in connection with 
reorganization proceedings.

--- Page 283 ---
- 278 - 
 
WARNING REGARDING TAXATION 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF INSTRUMENTS ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN 
TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND 
DISPOSITION OF INSTRUMENTS, INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL 
TAXES, UNDER THE TAX LAWS OF GERMANY AND EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY ARE 
RESIDENTS OR IN WHICH THEY MAY OTHERWISE BE LIABLE FOR TAXES. THE RESPECTIVE 
RELEVANT TAX LEGISLATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM 
THE INSTRUMENTS.

--- Page 284 ---
- 279 - 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Description of public offer (if any) and offer mechanics 
If the Notes are publicly offered, the following details have to be inserted under section "Terms and 
conditions of the offer" in the Final Terms applicable to a Tranche of Notes: conditions to which the offer 
is subject, time period, during which the offer will be open, description of the application process, 
description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions and the manner for refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants, details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of application, method and time limits for 
paying up the Notes and for delivery of the Notes, manner and date in which results of the offer are to be 
made public, procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-emption, the negotiability of subscription rights 
and the treatment of subscription rights not exercised, various categories of potential investors to which the 
Notes are offered, process for notification to applicants of the amount allotted and indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is made, method of determining the offer price and the process for 
its disclosure, amount of any expenses and taxes specifically charged to the subscriber or purchaser, name 
and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the global offer and of single parts of the offer and, to the extent known 
to the Issuer or the offeror, or the placers in the various countries where the offer takes place. 
Selling Restrictions 
Any Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree with the Issuer a basis upon which it 
may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. 
1. General 
Instruments issued under this Programme may be offered and sold by Dealers to investors subject to the 
restrictions referred to below. Each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and undertake that it will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction 
in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Instruments or possesses or distributes the Prospectus 
or any Final Terms or any related offering material and will obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Instruments under the laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries 
and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
Each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge that, other than with respect 
to the admission of the Instruments to listing, trading and/or quotation by the relevant listing authorities, 
stock exchanges and/or quotation systems, no action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction by the 
Issuer that would permit an offering of the Instruments, or possession or distribution of any offering material 
in relation thereto, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms or in a supplement to the Prospectus. 
2. European Economic Area 
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specify "Prohibition of Sales to European 
Economic Area Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer in relation to any issue of Instruments 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Instruments which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 285 ---
- 280 - 
 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specify "Prohibition of Sales to European 
Economic Area Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, 
a "Relevant Member State"), each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of Instruments which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Relevant Member State except that it may make an offer of such Instruments to the public in that Relevant 
Member State: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Instruments referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Instruments in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe the Instruments. 
3. United States of America (the "United States") 
The Instruments issued under this Programme have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
United States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer will be required to agree that, except as permitted by the subscription agreement to be entered 
between the Issuer and such Dealer, it will not offer, sell or deliver Instruments, (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise, until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes 
comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, 
and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance 
period, as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act, a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons, to substantially the following effect: 
"The securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise 
until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the Offering and the closing date, except in

--- Page 286 ---
- 281 - 
 
either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used above have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S." 
4. United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specify "Prohibition of Sales to United 
Kingdom Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, in relation to any issue of Notes, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Instruments specify "Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom 
Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in the relation to the UK, each Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Instruments which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the final 
terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the United 
Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the 
Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Instruments referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Instruments in the UK means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Instruments to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Instruments.

--- Page 287 ---
- 282 - 
 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that: 
(a) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Instruments in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if it 
was not an authorized person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Instruments in, from or otherwise involving 
the United Kingdom. 
5. Japan 
The Instruments have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold 
and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any Instruments in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident 
of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other 
entity organized under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.

--- Page 288 ---
- 283 - 
 
Method to determine the yield 
The yield of fixed rate instruments (including senior Fixed Rate Notes which are not Step-up / Step-down 
Notes, subordinated Notes which are not subordinated Step-up/Step-down Notes and not subordinated 
Callable Fixed Rate Reset Notes, Fixed Rate Pfandbriefe which are not Step-up / Step-down Pfandbriefe, 
Step-up / Step-down senior Fixed Rate Notes, subordinated Step-up / Step-down Notes, Step-up/Step-down 
Pfandbriefe) is calculated on the basis of the issue price at the issue date. It is not an indication on future 
yield. 
Interest of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, borrowers from or creditors of the Issuer 
and its subsidiaries. In addition, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the 
future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
services for the Issuer and its subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business. With the exception of the 
foregoing, there is, to the knowledge of the Issuer, no material interest in the offer of the persons 
participating in the issue. Any conflicts of interest of the Issuer or other persons involved in the offer will 
be specified in the Final Terms, if applicable. 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds from each issue of senior Notes and Pfandbriefe by the Issuer will be used for its general 
financing purposes unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. The net proceeds from each 
issue of subordinated Notes will be used to strengthen the regulatory total capital of the Issuer unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Authorization 
The initial establishment of the Programme and the issue of Instruments thereunder have been duly 
authorized by a resolution of the Board of Managing Directors of OLB AG dated 22 March 2022  
Documents Available 
The Articles of Association of OLB AG will be available free of charge from its registered office and on 
the following website: https://www.olb.de/-/media/bilder/Internet/Dokumente/DieOLB/Satzung-der-OLB-
v-2019_07_22 for the validity of this Prospectus. 
This Prospectus and each supplement thereto (if any), each Final Terms relating to those Instruments traded 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange are available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and may be obtained from Oldenburgische Landesbank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Stau 15/17, 26122 Oldenburg, Germany free of charge. In case of Instruments which 
are not traded on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange but are traded on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange or the 
Hamburg Stock Exchange, the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing in electronic form on the 
website of the Issuer (www.olb.de) and may be obtained free of charge from Oldenburgische Landesbank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Stau 15/17, 26122 Oldenburg, Germany. Information on the website of the Issuer 
(www.olb.de) does not form part of this Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into 
this Prospectus.

--- Page 289 ---
- 284 - 
 
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this 
Prospectus to the extent set forth in the table below.  
1. 
German language version of OLB AG Financial Report 2021 
• 
Balance Sheet .........................................................  
p. 92 - 93 
• 
Income Statement ...................................................  
p. 94 - 95 
• 
Statement of Changes in Equity .............................  
p. 95 
• 
Cash Flow Statement ..............................................  
p. 96 
• 
Notes to the Financial Statements ..........................  
p. 97 - 139 
• 
Independent Auditors' Report.................................  
p. 140 - 147 
The German language version of the OLB AG Financial Report 2021 can be found on the following 
website: 
https://www.olb.de/-/media/images/internet/dokumente/dieolb/olb-geschaeftsbericht-
2021.pdf?la=de-de&hash=E71667236D679981ED098B81A911841F 
2. 
OLB AG Financial Report 2020 
• 
Balance Sheet .........................................................  
p. 74 - 75 
• 
Income Statement ...................................................  
p. 76 
• 
Statement of Changes in Equity .............................  
p. 77 
• 
Cash Flow Statement ..............................................  
p. 78 
• 
Notes to the Financial Statements ..........................  
p. 79 - 121 
• 
Independent Auditors' Report94 ..............................  
p. 122 - 133 
The OLB AG Financial Report 2020 can be found on the following website: https://www.olb.de/-
/media/images/internet/dokumente/dieolb/olb-annual-report-2020.pdf?la=de-
de&hash=6A16DE2621E9882318F74D4E59C1756F 
Any information not incorporated by reference into this Prospectus but contained in one of the documents 
mentioned as source documents in the cross reference list above is either not relevant for the investor or 
covered in another part of this Prospectus.  
The source documents from which the information mentioned above has been incorporated by reference 
into this Prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) 
and may be inspected and are available free of charge at the specified office of the Paying Agent(s) as long 
as any Instruments are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and are admitted to 
trading on its regulated market and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require. 
 
 
 
94  
The auditors' report has been issued in German language on the German language version of the respective annual financial 
statements and the respective management report. The auditor's report included by reference is a translation of the German-
language document. The management report is neither included nor incorporated by reference in this Prospectus.

--- Page 290 ---
- 285 - 
 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
ISSUER 
Oldenburgische Landesbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Stau 15/17 
26122 Oldenburg 
Deutschland  
AGENTS 
FISCAL AGENT 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER 
Clifford Chance Partnerschaft mbB 
Junghofstraße 14 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
AUDITOR TO THE ISSUER 
Deloitte GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Munich  
Hannover Office Aegidientorplatz 2a  
30159 Hannover  
Germany