--- Page 1 ---
6 May 2022 
 
 
OMA SAVINGS BANK PLC  
Programme for the Issuance of Senior Unsecured Notes and Covered Bonds 
EUR 3,000,000,000 
 
Under this 3,000,000,000 euros note issuance programme (the “Programme”), Oma Savings Bank Plc (“Issuer” or “Oma 
Savings Bank”) may from time to time issue senior and unsecured notes (“Senior Unsecured Notes”), and covered 
bonds under the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity (laki kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010, as 
amended) (the “MCBA”) (“Covered Bonds”) denominated mainly in euro (the Senior Unsecured Notes and the Covered 
Bonds together the “Notes”). The Notes will be subject to a minimum maturity of one year and a minimum denomination 
of EUR 100,000 per Note. The Programme provides that Notes may be listed on the regulated market of Nasdaq Helsinki 
Ltd (the “Helsinki Stock Exchange”) as specified in the final terms of the relevant tranche of Notes (the “Tranche of 
Notes”) (the “Final Terms”). The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes.  
 
This Base Prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) should be read and construed together with any supplement hereto and 
with any other documents incorporated by reference herein, and, in relation to any Series of Notes and with the Final Terms 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes. See “Information Incorporated by Reference”. 
 
This Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”), the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, 
the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended, the Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012, as 
amended) (the “Finnish Securities Markets Act”) and the regulations and guidelines of the Finnish Financial Supervisory 
Authority (the “FIN-FSA”). The FIN-FSA, which is the competent authority for the purposes of Prospectus Regulation, has 
approved this Base Prospectus (journal number FIVA/2022/167). The FIN-FSA has only approved this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation, and 
such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the issuer or the quality of the securities that are the subject 
of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities.
 
Besides filing this Base Prospectus with the FIN-FSA, the Issuer has not taken any action, nor will it take any action, to 
render the public offer of the Notes, or their possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other documents 
relating to the Notes admissible in any other jurisdiction than Finland requiring special measures to be taken for the purpose 
of public offer. 
 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act 1933, as amended (the “Securities 
Act”), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state of the United States. The Notes may not be offered, sold, 
pledged or otherwise transferred directly or indirectly within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
Persons (as defined under the Securities Act), except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with any applicable state securities laws. 
 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has long- and short-term 
counterparty credit ratings “BBB+/A-2” by Standard & Poor’s (“S&P”). At the date of this Base Prospectus, Covered Bonds 
to be issued under the Programme are rated AAA and their rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. A credit 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
Investment in the Notes involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes are discussed under “Risk Factors” below. 
 
Arranger

--- Page 2 ---
1 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
In this Base Prospectus, “OmaSp” or the “Company” refers to Oma Savings Bank Plc and its consolidated subsidiaries, except where 
context may otherwise require. All references to the “Issuer” or “Oma Savings Bank” refer to Oma Savings Bank Plc. Danske Bank A/S 
(“Danske Bank” or the “Arranger”) is acting for OmaSp as the arranger of the Programme. The Arranger is not acting for anyone else in 
connection with the Programme, and will not be responsible to anyone other than OmaSp for providing the protections afforded to their 
respective clients nor for providing any advice in relation to the Programme or the Notes. Investors should rely only on the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on Helsinki 
Stock Exchange. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
Without prejudice to any obligation of OmaSp to publish a supplement to prospectus pursuant to applicable rules and regulations, neither 
the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale or delivery made hereunder shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that 
there has been no change in the affairs of OmaSp since the date of Base Prospectus or that the information herein is correct as of any 
time subsequent to the date of this Base Prospectus. 
In making an investment decision, each investor is advised to rely on their examination, analysis and enquiry of OmaSp and the terms 
and conditions of the relevant Tranche of Notes, including the risks and merits involved. Neither OmaSp, the Arranger nor any of its 
respective affiliated parties or representatives is making any representation to any offeree or subscriber of the Notes regarding the legality 
of the investment by such person. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (a) 
Notes are legal investments for it, (b) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (c) other restrictions apply to its 
purchase or pledge of Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. Investors are advised to make their independent 
assessment of the legal, tax, business, financial and other consequences of an investment in the Notes.  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base 
Prospectus or any information supplied by OmaSp or such other information as is in the public domain, and if given or made, such 
information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by OmaSp or the Arranger. No representation or 
warranty, express or implied, is made by the Arranger as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus, and nothing contained in this Base Prospectus is, or shall be relied upon as, a promise or representation by the Arranger in 
this respect, whether as to the past or the future.  The Arranger disclaims to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all 
liability whether arising in tort, contract or otherwise, which it might otherwise be found to have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any 
such statement. 
Nothing contained in this Base Prospectus is, or shall be relied upon as, a promise or representation by OmaSp as to the future. Investors 
are advised to inform themselves of any press and/or stock releases published by OmaSp since the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus may, in certain jurisdictions, be restricted by law, and this Base Prospectus may not be used for 
the purpose of, or in connection with, any offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised 
or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. Investors are advised to take such restrictions, as applicable, 
into account in any activities they may take regarding or based on the Base Prospectus. No actions have been taken to register or qualify 
the Notes, or otherwise to permit a public offering of the Notes, in any jurisdiction outside of Finland. OmaSp does not accept any legal 
responsibility for any violation by any person, whether or not a prospective purchaser of Notes is aware of such restrictions. In particular: 
▪ 
the Notes may not be offered, sold, resold, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States, 
Australia, Canada, Hong Kong, Japan, Singapore or any other jurisdiction in which it would not be permissible to offer the 
Notes; and 
▪ 
this Base Prospectus may not be sent to any person in the aforementioned jurisdictions. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared in English only. The Notes are governed by Finnish law and any dispute arising in relation the 
Notes shall be settled exclusively by Finnish courts in accordance with Finnish law. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET  
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue of the Notes about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules 
under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 3 ---
2 
CONTENTS 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................... 1 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................................ 3 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................ 6 
Risks Related to the Company’s Operating Environment and General Market Conditions .......................... 6 
Risks Related to the Company’s Business Operations ................................................................................. 8 
Risks Related to Financial Condition and Financing ................................................................................... 14 
Risks Related to the Notes and the Markets of the Notes generally ........................................................... 17 
Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes ...................................................................... 19 
Risks Related to the Covered Bonds ........................................................................................................... 20 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT .................................................................................................................... 25 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON PARTIES AND STATUTORY AUDITOR ..................................................... 26 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................. 27 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES.................................................................................................... 38 
FINNISH COVERED BOND ACT .................................................................................................................... 43 
FINNISH ACT ON MORTGAGE CREDIT BANK ACTIVITY ........................................................................... 50 
RESOLUTION LAWS ...................................................................................................................................... 56 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER ASSET POOL ................................................................................... 58 
DERIVATIVE TRANSACTIONS RELATED TO THE COVERED BONDS ..................................................... 60 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER ........................................................................................................... 62 
General Information on the Issuer’s Business ............................................................................................. 62 
General ......................................................................................................................................................... 62 
Business Strategy ........................................................................................................................................ 62 
Company’s Business Operations, Services and Products ........................................................................... 64 
OmaSp’s Cooperation Partners ................................................................................................................... 66 
Company’s Customers and Service Channels ............................................................................................ 67 
Sales and Customer Experience ................................................................................................................. 69 
Funding, Liquidity and Solvency Requirements ........................................................................................... 69 
History and Development of OmaSp ........................................................................................................... 71 
Recent Events .............................................................................................................................................. 71 
Organisational Structure .............................................................................................................................. 71 
Governmental, Legal and Arbitration Proceedings ...................................................................................... 71 
Material Contracts ........................................................................................................................................ 72 
FINANCIAL AND TREND INFORMATION ...................................................................................................... 73 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT ............................................................................................ 74 
SHARE CAPITAL AND OWNERSHIP ............................................................................................................ 77 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................................... 78 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ......................................................................................................................... 79 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................................... 81 
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY ........................................................................................................................... 82

--- Page 4 ---
3 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
 
This general description of the Programme must be read together with the other information included in this 
Base Prospectus. 
 
Issuer: 
Oma Savings Bank Plc 
 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the 
Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes 
issued under the Programme. These are set out 
under “Risk Factors” and include risks relating to 
general economic conditions and circumstances in 
the financial market and business, credit, liquidity, 
operational and market risks affecting the Issuer 
and its subsidiaries. In addition, there are certain 
factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme. These are set out 
under “Risk Factors” and include certain risks 
relating to the structure of particular Series of 
Notes (including certain risks specific to Covered 
Bonds), certain market risks and risks relating to 
the illiquidity of the Notes. 
 
Arranger of the Programme: 
Danske Bank A/S 
 
Lead Manager(s) of Series of Notes and possible other subscription places:  
 
Defined in Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes. 
 
Issuer Agent and Paying Agent: 
Defined in Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes. 
 
Maximum amount of the Programme: 
3,000,000,000 euros. 
 
The Issuer may increase the maximum amount. 
 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed outside the United States 
to, or for the account or benefit of, persons other 
than U.S. Persons (as such terms are defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act 1933, as 
amended) by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non- 
syndicated basis. 
 
Final Terms: 
Notes issued under the Programme will be issued 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated 
Final Terms. The terms and conditions applicable 
to any particular Tranche of Notes will be the 
General Terms and Conditions combined with the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 5 ---
4 
Form of the Notes: 
The Notes are issued in book-entry form in the 
book-entry system of Euroclear Finland. 
 
Note currencies: 
Euro or such other currency or currencies as may 
be separately resolved by the Issuer upon each 
issuance of the Notes under the Programme. 
 
Priority of the Senior Unsecured Notes 
The Senior Unsecured Notes constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
among 
themselves 
and 
(save 
for 
certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) equally 
with all other senior unsecured obligations (other 
than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer. 
 
Priority of the Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be covered in accordance 
with the MCBA and will therefore benefit from the 
Cover Asset Pool. The Covered Bonds rank pari 
passu among themselves and with all other 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of mortgage-
backed notes covered in accordance with the 
MCBA (including pursuant to sections 25 and 26 of 
the MCBA) as well as all Derivative Transactions 
and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans entered into the 
Register. In calculating the total value of the Cover 
Asset Pool, the following limitations apply: 
 
(1) 
at most 70 per cent of the 
underlying value of the shares or 
the real estate securing each 
Housing Loan; and 
(2) 
the book value of the Substitute 
Collateral. 
In respect of the priority of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds, under Section 25 of the MCBA, 
the priority is limited among other things to 70 per 
cent in respect of Housing Loans of the current 
value, as at the date of the liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer, of the properties or the 
shares in the property owning companies which 
stand as collateral for such Housing Loans. To the 
extent that claims of the Noteholders in relation to 
the Covered Bonds are not fully met out of the 
assets of the Issuer that are covered in accordance 
with the MCBA, the residual claims of the holders 
of Covered Bonds will rank pari passu with the 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. 
 
See also “Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank 
Activity”.

--- Page 6 ---
5 
Listing: 
The Notes may be applied for listing on the Helsinki 
Stock Exchange. Also unlisted Notes can be 
issued. 
 
Term of the Notes: 
A minimum of one year. 
 
Interest: 
Fixed interest or floating interest tied to a reference 
interest rate. Notes can also be issued as zero 
coupon notes which will be offered and sold at a 
discount to their nominal amount and will not bear 
interest. 
 
Redemption: 
The nominal amount of the Notes. 
 
Applicable law: 
Finnish law. 
 
Authorisation: 
The Programme and the issue of Notes have been 
duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer dated 20 September 2017. 
 
Credit rating: 
The Issuer has a long- and short-term counterparty 
credit ratings “BBB+/A-2” (S&P). The outlook is 
stable. A Series of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated.  
 
 
The Covered Bonds are rated ‘AAA’ (S&P).  
 
 
There is no guarantee that the rating of the Issuer 
assigned by S&P will be maintained following the 
date of this Base Prospectus or that a rating of the 
Covered Bonds or any Series of Notes is obtained 
or maintained, and the Issuer may seek to obtain 
ratings from other rating agencies.  
 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy or sell or 
hold Notes and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. Up-to-date information 
should always be sought by direct reference to the 
relevant rating agency.

--- Page 7 ---
6 
RISK FACTORS 
Investors considering investment in the Notes should carefully review the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus, including supplements hereto and any other documents incorporated by reference herein, and, in 
particular, the risk factors described below. Factors possibly affecting an investment decision are also 
discussed elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Investing in the Notes involves inherent risks. Should one or 
more of the risk factors described herein materialise, it may have a material adverse effect on OmaSp’s (“the 
Company”) business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the 
Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
As a result, investors may lose part or all of their investments. In this section, a summary of certain risk factors 
are illustrated, namely general risks pertaining to the Company’s business operations and material risks 
relating to the Notes as financial instruments. This description is based on information known and assessed 
at the time of preparing this Base Prospectus, and therefore, the description of the risk factors is not necessarily 
exhaustive. The Company believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in the Notes issued under the Programme, but the Company may be unable to pay interest, principal 
or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes for other reasons which may not be considered significant 
risks by the Company based on information currently available to it and which it may not currently be able to 
anticipate. Most of the risk factors identified below are contingencies which may or may not occur. All investors 
should read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and make their own evaluations 
of the risks associated with an investment in the Notes and consult with their own professional advisers if they 
consider it necessary. 
The risk factors presented herein have been divided into six categories based on their nature. These categories 
are: 
 
• risks related to the Company’s operating environment and general market conditions; 
• risks related to the Company’s business operations; 
• risks related to the Company’s financial condition and financing; 
• risks related to the Notes and the markets of the Notes generally; 
• risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes; and 
• risks related to the Covered Bonds. 
Within each category, the first presented risk factor is estimated the most material based on an overall 
evaluation of the criteria set out in the Prospectus Regulation. In each category, the order in which the risk 
factors are presented after the first risk factor is not intended to reflect relative probability or the potential impact 
of the materialisation of such risks. The order of risk categories, when compared to risk factors in another risk 
category, does not in any way represent evaluation of the materiality of the risk factors within that category. 
Risks Related to the Company’s Operating Environment and General Market Conditions  
The development of the Finnish housing and property market may be different in different parts of the 
country and unfavourable development of economic conditions in Finland could adversely affect the 
Company  
 
The development of the Finnish housing and property market plays a central role to the Company’s business 
because a significant part of the loans granted by the Company have been granted to the home and property 
acquisitions of private individuals and corporations and the loans granted by the Company are often secured 
by homes and properties. A significant portion of the Company’s loan portfolio and the properties securing the 
loans granted by it are concentrated in certain geographic areas outside the Helsinki region, and the Company 
is thus partly dependent on the local development of these geographic areas. Historically, the Company’s 
primary market areas have included South Karelia, South Ostrobothnia, South Savonia, Häme, Kymenlaakso, 
Pirkanmaa, North Karelia and Satakunta. The housing and property market in these areas may be exposed to 
risks relating to local economic development that may not necessarily correlate with the development of the 
Finnish housing and property market overall.  
 
The value of housing and residential property collateral of the loans granted by the Company may decline 
sharply and rapidly in the event of a general downturn in the value of real estate property in Finland. The 
impact of the economy and business climate on the credit quality of borrowers and counterparties as well as

--- Page 8 ---
7 
on the market value of residential properties, can affect the recoverability of loans and amounts due from the 
Issuer’s debtors. 
 
Negative economic developments, such as the ones described above, could have a material adverse effect 
on the Company’s business, financial position, results of operations and future prospects, and thereby, on the 
Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
 
Uncertainty and unfavourable development in the global economic and capital market conditions could 
adversely affect the Company business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and capital 
resources 
 
In recent years, there has been considerable fluctuation in the overall economic and capital market conditions 
in Europe and elsewhere in the world in consequence of e.g. the debt crises of certain European countries, 
the current coronavirus outbreak and the Russian invasion of Ukraine. There is no guarantee that similar 
fluctuation would not occur in the future. For example, the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the subsequent 
Western sanctions on Russia and the coronavirus outbreak have disrupted various markets and resulted in 
uncertainty about the development of the economies affected by them. The global economy has weakened 
considerably as a result of the Russian invasion as well as the coronavirus pandemic and restriction measures 
taken. Currently it is not possible to assess all the effects of the ongoing geopolitical crisis or the spread and 
duration of the pandemic. An escalation of the war between Russia and Ukraine and the resulting tensions 
between the West and Russia, as well as Western sanctions and counter-sanctions imposed by Russia, could 
disrupt the global economy, financial markets and the Company's business environment, especially if the West 
and / or Russia continue to impose tighter sanctions, if the war continues to escalate or if the war expands to 
other countries or regions. Under current situation there is also a risk relating to the Company´s systems. The 
Company´s operations are dependent on various systems which may become target of cyberattacks which 
could have, at least momentarily, adverse effect on the Company´s ability to serve its clients and perform its 
operations.    
 
The Company is especially vulnerable to macroeconomic conditions in Finland and Europe. The Company’s 
network of branches is broad in the Company’s primary market areas, and thus also local economic problems 
in areas where the Company has a good market position and a large number of customers may have an 
adverse effect on the Company’s business. A downward trend in the general economy would be likely to lead 
to growing credit losses as the Issuer’s debtors may become unable to meet their payment obligations. The 
general consumer confidence and consumer spending would also be influenced by the downward trend. As a 
result, there would be a decline in the demand for loans and other financial services. Weakening of the overall 
economic and capital market conditions may also lead e.g. to difficulties for the Company to have access to 
sufficient liquidity and capital resources. 
 
Negative economic developments, political decisions or a rapid contraction of the labour market in the 
Company’s operating environment may negatively affect the willingness of the Company’s customers to borrow 
or invest or their ability to repay loans due to e.g. increased unemployment, payment difficulties and/or other 
phenomena harmful to economic development. The reduced demand for the Company’s services and products 
or the decreased solvency of the Company’s customers may negatively affect the Company’s net income and 
results of operations, or the Company may face delays in receiving customers’ repayments to loans or credit 
losses. 
 
The realisation of any of the aforementioned risks may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s 
business, financial position, results of operations and future prospects, and thereby, on the Company’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
 
The Company is exposed to systemic risk, whereby the deterioration of the actual or perceived 
commercial and financial soundness of other financial institutions may negatively affect the Company 
 
Since the national financial and capital markets are integrally linked to the global financial and capital markets, 
the Company is exposed to so-called systemic risk. Due to the high level of interdependence between financial 
institutions, the Company is subject to the risk of deterioration of the actual or perceived commercial and 
financial soundness of other financial institutions. For example payment defaults, financial difficulties or other 
financial insecurity of another domestic or foreign bank or financial institution may lead to liquidity issues, 
losses and other negative financial consequences targeted to the actors in the financial sector, including the 
Company. For example, if an individual financial institution in Finland or abroad experiences financial

--- Page 9 ---
8 
difficulties or is exposed to other financial disturbance, this may have adverse ramifications also on other 
financial institutions due to loans, trading or other links between financial institutions, and therefore have a 
direct or indirect adverse effect to the Company such as customer’s withdrawing their deposits or a decline in 
the demand for new loans or other financial services. Compared to many of its competitors, the Company is a 
small domestic bank and therefore its independent actions or decisions may not be sufficient to counter the 
effects of abovementioned events to itself. If realised, systemic risk may have a material adverse effect on the 
Company’s business, financial position, results of operations and future prospects, and thereby, on the 
Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
Risks Related to the Company’s Business Operations  
Realisation of risks relating to compliance with regulation and requirements of other stakeholders may 
have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business 
The Company and its employees are required to comply with numerous different laws, regulations and decrees 
at both the national and EU level, such as regulation relating to credit institution activities; regulation concerning 
the provision of investment services and payment services; data protection; labour and competition 
regulations; laws, regulations and decrees in the field of company and securities markets law; accounting and 
tax laws and laws relating to customer due diligence and the prevention of money laundering and terrorism 
financing. New regulation and changes to existing regulation are introduced continuously and the Company 
must adjust its policies to conform to such new legislation or changes. The global sanctions imposed on Russia 
and Belarus and their nationals have increased the operational risk in customer identification of potential and 
current customers due to which the Company monitors its customer base on a daily basis.  
Despite the Company’s various internal procedural rules, principles and policies, there is the risk that the 
Company’s employees may neglect to comply with legislation or regulations or the terms and conditions of 
authorisations and regulatory approvals or internal Company policies. Liabilities from negligence or violations 
that have already occurred or are ongoing may also transfer to the Company by means of corporate 
acquisitions and reorganisations. Violations of internal or external regulations by Company employees may 
also have a direct material adverse effect on the Company if corporate fines are ordered to the Company due 
to violation. 
Claims made against the Company by the Company’s customers or counterparties or by the authorities may 
result in legal proceedings relating to e.g. contractual liability, employer’s liability, liability under securities 
markets law or suspicion of criminal offence. Such legal proceedings may have the outcome of the Company 
being ordered liable for damages, ordered jointly and severally liable to compensate for a third party or ordered 
to pay a fine. Such legal proceedings could also have a negative effect on the reputation of the Company 
among the current and potential customers and counterparties due to which the Company could lose 
customers.  
If the Company is unable to respond to requirements imposed under regulations, this may undermine the 
Company’s sales and reputation and result in liability for damages or other consequences. The Company may 
be required to adapt its operations if it becomes subject to legal proceedings that result in the Company being 
ordered liable for a fine or damages or in consequence of which special obligations are imposed on the 
Company. Realisation of the aforementioned factors may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s 
business, financial position, results of operations and future prospects, and thereby, on the Company’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
The Company may fail to comply with requirements relating to the prevention of money laundering 
and terrorist financing or the procedural requirements concerning the provision of banking and 
investment services  
Compliance with the legislation concerning the prevention of money laundering and terrorist financing is an 
integral element of the Company’s business. The Company’s statutory duties include, but are not limited to, 
customer due diligence and identification of suspicious or unusual transactions. The Company must ascertain 
the identity of its customer and be familiar with the customer’s operations and background to the extent 
required by the customer relationship. In addition to complying with legislation concerning the prevention of 
money laundering and terrorist financing, the Company must also comply with relevant applicable sanctions 
regulation. The Company must be able to identify parties that are subject to sanctions and possibly refuse 
transactions with such parties or freeze the assets of parties subject to sanctions. It is possible that the

--- Page 10 ---
9 
Company could fail to identify suspicious or prohibited transactions either in a timely fashion or at all, in addition 
to which it is also possible that customers could provide incorrect or incomplete information about themselves 
or their business transactions. 
In the provision of investment products and investment services, the Company must comply with the 
procedural requirements imposed in the Act on Investment Services. Before providing an investment product 
or service, the Company shall, among other things, classify the customer in the manner required under the law 
and obtain the information about the customer determined in more detail in the law, based on which the 
Company assesses the appropriateness and suitability to the customer of the services and products provided 
by it. The Company is required to ensure that the recording of data in investment services and the 
arrangements for data retention have been designed so that the Company is capable of investigating and 
ascertaining compliance with procedural rules after the fact and responding to possible customer claims in 
situations where customer complaints or claims for compensation are lodged regarding the provision of an 
investment service. In the provision of banking services, the Company shall in turn comply with e.g. the 
procedural obligations laid down in the Act on Credit Institutions and the Consumer Protection Act. Banking 
and investment services also involve a significant number of obligations other than procedural ones directly 
relating to the customer relationship, for example obligations relating to international tax reporting and 
information-sharing. It is possible that the Company could fail to comply with the statutory obligations 
applicable to it, and it is also possible that customers could provide incorrect or incomplete information about 
themselves. 
Errors in customer due diligence, compliance with procedural provisions concerning investment and banking 
services and other obligations relating to the Company’s operations may cause the Company direct losses in 
the form of sanctions and liability to compensate as well as indirect losses in the form of reputational risk. 
Realisation of the aforementioned factors may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, 
financial position, results of operations and future prospects, and thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
Changes in the number of customers, the demand for services and the pricing of the services may 
decrease the Company’s interest income, fee and commission income, and net gains on investments 
The Company provides its customers with, among other things, deposit accounts, credits, payment transaction 
services and investment services. The Company also invests funds, which it has raised from the public. If 
current customers cut back the demand for deposit accounts, credit, payment transactions and investment 
services or other services or if the acquisition of new customers becomes more difficult in the future, this would, 
in turn, reduce income from investing activities, other fee income or income from credit, which would decrease 
the Company’s operating income. It is also possible that increased competition will result in the Company 
having to lower the interest rate margins on its loans or to raise the interest rates paid on deposits, and possibly 
to lower its fees relating to the provision of services. Changes in the interest rate markets or banking and 
investment service regulation may also decrease the Company’s income from interests, fees and investments. 
Even if the gross income of the Company were to increase or remain at the current level, the Company’s net 
income could decrease due to several different reasons. The realisation of the interest rate risk described 
below under “Risks Related to Financial Condition and Financing”, for example, or another increase of the cost 
of financing obtained by the Company or its other costs which the Company is unable to pass on to customers 
may reduce the Company’s net income even if its gross income were to increase or remain at the current level. 
Realisation of the aforementioned factors may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, 
financial position, results of operations and future prospects, and thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
The Company may not necessarily be able to respond to tighter competition, develop its services or 
solutions in line with competitors, or digital development may force the Company to make additional 
investments 
The banking services market in Finland is highly competitive and the Company competes with several major 
companies and partly also with companies offering new payment, financing and investment services (such as 
e.g. peer to peer lending and crowdfunding services) for the same customers. Current or new competitors may 
expand to one or more markets central to the Company or they may seek to increase their market share 
through aggressive pricing strategies or by other means. If competition were to intensify to a significant extent,

--- Page 11 ---
10 
the Company’s income or demand for the services provided by it could decrease, which would have an adverse 
effect on the profitability of the Company’s business. 
The Company’s future growth and success depend on its ability to identify changes in the behaviour and 
demand of consumers, investors and the public sector and its ability to respond to such changes in a timely 
manner in all of its key business functions by using existing or new processes and services. If current 
competitors or possible new operators in the industry succeed in developing processes or offering services 
and solutions in an innovative manner or one which generates competitive advantage e.g. on the opportunities 
brought about by digitalisation and the Company is unable to respond, the Company may lose customers and 
revenues. 
There can also be no assurances that the Company will be able to to anticipate customer behaviour and to 
respond to its customers’ needs and develop new services or solutions in a manner satisfactory to customers. 
The Company may not necessarily recoup the investments made by it in the development of new services or 
solutions and it may not necessarily have the resources to capitalize with e.g. digitalisation to improve 
profitability.  
Realisation of any of the aforementioned risks may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, 
financial position, results of operations and future prospects, and thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
Failure to recruit skilled management or personnel or loss of key employees may affect the Company’s 
ability to pursue its business or to grow 
The success of the Company depends on top management and other personnel and on the ability of the 
Company to hire, develop, train, motivate and retain skilled personnel. Especially in markets where the 
Company is not as well recognized employer as its competitors, the Company may experience difficulties in 
attracting skilled personnel for key executive positions and face the risk of losing key employees to competitors. 
The requirements concerning the composition and activities of credit institution management arising from 
finance sector regulation as well as the restrictions on credit institution remuneration schemes may make it 
more difficult to attract suitable or skilled personnel for key executive positions. The Company’s service model 
requires personnel who are able to provide personal customer service in accordance with the Company’s 
requirements for customer care. The Company’s possible difficulties in attracting skilled personnel or the loss 
of key employees may affect the profitability of the business. Additionally, the Company may not necessarily 
be able to develop its processes or services if there is insufficient availability of skilled personnel. The lack of 
skilled personnel with suitable experience in key positions may also increase liability risk and affect the 
Company’s ability to grow. 
Realisation of the risks relating to the hiring of personnel and the retention of top management and key 
employees may lead to higher operating costs, losses of customer relationships or profits, loss of knowhow, 
reputational weakening and possible liabilities. Realisation of the aforementioned factors may have a material 
adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial position, results of operations and future prospects, and 
thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value 
of the Notes. 
The Company may not necessarily be able to implement its strategy or adjust it to changes in the 
operating environment, or the chosen or implemented strategy may turn out to be wrong 
The successful implementation of the Company’s strategy (see “Information about the Issuer – Business 
Strategy”) depends on several factors, some of which are at least in part beyond the Company’s control. The 
Company may not necessarily be able to successfully implement its strategy and achieve its financial targets 
due to e.g. the market situation or failure in the management of the Company. There can also be no assurances 
that the strategy chosen by the Company is the right one. 
A central part of the Company’s strategy is to maintain a good availability of services to all of its customers 
and the Company has a wide branch network, which extends also outside the biggest growth centres. As a 
result of changes in its operating environment, such as urbanization, the demand for the Company’s services 
and products may change in areas historically important to the Company’s business due to, for example, 
migration directed to the biggest cities. The Company has previously reacted to changes in its operating 
environment by, for example, closing or merging branches in 2016 and 2019 as well as by opening new

--- Page 12 ---
11 
branches in Helsinki, Turku and Oulu in early 2019 and acquiring business in Eurajoki in 2021. If the 
Company’s strategy proves to be unsuccessful, it may e.g. not receive sufficient income or it may incur higher 
costs from maintaining a personal service capability and a broad branch network in relation to the size of its 
business and the number of customers. 
If the Company is unsuccessful in implementing its strategy or if the chosen strategy turns out to be wrong, 
this could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial position, results of operations 
and future prospects, and thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as 
the market price and value of the Notes.  
Operational risks and disruptions in the Company’s business may have a material adverse effect on 
the Company 
Operational risks in the operations of the Company relate to the functioning of internal processes or systems, 
the functioning of the Company’s IT systems and the ability of the Company to retain expert employees. In 
addition, the Company is exposed to operational risks arising from the external operating environment, for 
example possible disruptions in payment transactions. Operational risks and the associated losses may be 
due to deficiencies in internal processes and procedural consistency within the Company, mistakes made by 
employees or subcontractors, or disruptions in information systems or external systems as well as situations 
of force majeure. 
The Company has outsourced the maintenance of its IT and telecommunications systems to subcontractors 
almost in its entirety. Risks relating to IT and telecommunications systems are described in more detail under 
“– The Company’s operating conditions are dependent on the uninterrupted functioning of IT systems and 
reporting and monitoring systems and the renewal of IT systems may cause considerable costs to the 
Company”. Additionally, the Company’s business depends on the uninterrupted operation of other services 
maintained by subcontractors and the subcontractor chain, for example services relating to payment 
transactions and card payments. 
Compliance risk is also a part of the Company’s operational risks. Compliance risk refers to the risk arising 
from non-compliance with external regulation, internal procedures and appropriate procedures and ethical 
principles in the customer relationship. Realisation of the risk may result not only in financial losses but also 
other consequences (e.g. corporate fines, separate penalty payments and fines imposed for breach of 
obligations, warnings and reprimands issued by the authorities). Realisation of the compliance risk may also 
result in the deterioration or loss of reputation or confidence. The Company seeks to observe common risk 
management principles, in addition to which substantial resources have been allocated to the development of 
effective methods and to the training of personnel, and particular attention has been paid to the operations of 
the so-called supervisory units (independent internal audit, risk management and compliance functions). 
Despite these, there can be no absolute certainty that these measures would be sufficient for managing 
operational risks. 
The Company has implemented measures to manage operational risks and to mitigate the possible losses 
arising from them and the Company is expected to implement such measures also in the future. However, 
there can be no assurances that such measures are capable of managing all operational risks to which the 
Company may be exposed. If one of the aforementioned risks or another operational risk is realised, this may 
have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial position, results of operations and future 
prospects, and thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market 
price and value of the Notes. 
The Company’s operating conditions are dependent on the uninterrupted functioning of IT systems 
and reporting and monitoring systems and the renewal of the core-banking system may cause 
considerable costs to the Company 
The Company has outsourced its IT services to subcontractors almost in their entirety. Therefore the Company 
is dependent on IT systems and telecommunications connections maintained by subcontractors. The 
Company widely relies on IT systems and telecommunications connections for interaction between employees 
and customers and in daily business operations in banking, asset management, risk management and 
business function monitoring. The functioning of the Company’s information systems may be interrupted for 
any number of reasons, for example ongoing IT system and service provision development projects, third-
party service providers, power outages, information security breaches or major accidents, such as fire or

--- Page 13 ---
12 
natural disaster, and due to operator error on the part of the Company’s own employees or the employees of 
subcontractors. Material interruptions and severe malfunctions in the operation of information systems may 
significantly hamper and undermine the Company’s business, operating results and financial condition. 
The aforementioned deficiencies, disruptions or malfunctions relating to the IT systems and 
telecommunications connections of the Company and third parties may have material adverse effects on the 
Company’s customers. The Company may be prevented from e.g. making transfers of funds or statutory 
notifications to the authorities at the agreed times or without fault, which may result in the Company or its 
customers suffering considerable financial losses and the reputation of the Company being harmed.  
If realised, all of the aforementioned risks may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, 
financial position, results of operations and future prospects, and thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
The use of cooperation partners involves risks, such as action harmful to the Company on the part of 
such partners or uncertainties involved in cooperation agreements 
The Company uses several cooperation partners in its business. The Company may be liable also for the 
possible mistakes of its subcontractors and the harm arising therefrom. Possible mistakes on the part of 
cooperation partners and subcontractors may thus cause the Company to incur liability for damages and 
reputational risk, which may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business. 
The agreements concluded between the Company and its cooperation partners also involve risks, the 
realisation of which may have an adverse effect on the Company’s business. The Company uses the services 
provided by cooperation partners in financial administration and the fulfilment of different reporting obligations. 
The Company also sells and markets insurance and investment products offered by its cooperation partners 
that supplement the Company’s service offering and for the offering of which to its customers the Company is 
paid a fee. If an agreement concluded with a cooperation partner ends or is terminated, or if the Company is 
unable to extend on terms acceptable to it the agreements concluded with cooperation partners significant to 
its business, this may result in an increase in the Company’s costs or wholly prevent the Company from 
providing certain services or performing processes central to its business. 
Realisation of the risk relating to the use of cooperation partners may have a material adverse effect on the 
Company’s business, financial position, results of operations and future prospects, and thereby, on the 
Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
The Company may fail in the identification of information security and cybersecurity risks, control and 
management of resourcing of risks and in compliance with regulation 
Information security and cybersecurity risks in the Company’s business relate to the detection of information 
security incidents, the adequate resourcing of cybersecurity, and the interruptions in business caused by IT 
services, information network services and cloud services. Additionally, inter alia, the EU General Data 
Protection Regulation involves information security and cybersecurity requirements. The Company collects, 
uses, stores and processes a large amount of confidential personal data on customers and their assets. The 
unauthorised use, disclosure, loss or abuse of customer data may result in the Company being in violation of 
data protection legislation and other legislation. In addition, such attacks or actions may cause customers to 
discontinue their use of the Company’s services or products. The Company may have to undertake corrective 
action or make considerable investments in order to address such incidents and the Company’s reputation 
may suffer. The Company may also come under investigation by the authorities, be fined or become subject 
to legal proceedings and have to pay damages.  
Information security and cybersecurity risks and the related costs may be due to a number of reasons, such 
as deficient internal processes and inconsistent procedures within the Company. Consequently, the Company 
is required constantly to monitor and develop its own information technology connections and information 
systems to prevent as effectively as possible the risk arising from its systems’ unauthorised use, abuse, 
violations due to mistake or abuse of position on the part of employees, technical malfunctions, computer 
viruses, hacks, worms, phishing and other similar attacks designed to circumvent network security.  
There can be no assurances that interruptions of operations or information security breaches would not occur 
in the future. If such attacks, action or human error does occur, they may possibly result in the unauthorised

--- Page 14 ---
13 
use of the data of the Company’s customers or they may compromise the Company’s information systems and 
enable the use, disclosure, loss or theft of data on the Company or its customers stored in such systems. 
Confidential data of the Company, its customers or its cooperation partners may also fall into the wrong hands 
as a consequence of e.g. physical intrusion onto Company premises. The third-party disclosure of customer 
data and personal data, business secrets and other equivalent data and the possible abuse of such data may 
expose the Company to inter alia claims for damages, fines and legal proceedings as well as reputational risk. 
There can be no assurances that the Company’s measures to manage risks and reduce the costs possibly 
arising from them are sufficient to manage all information security and cybersecurity risks to the Company. If 
any of the aforementioned risks or another information security or cybersecurity risk is realised, this may have 
a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial position, results of operations and future 
prospects, and thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market 
price and value of the Notes. 
The reputation of the Company may be damaged, which may have an unfavourable effect on the 
Company’s customer acquisition and its ability to recruit and retain key employees 
Customer feedback and the Company’s reputation in general play a key role in both customer acquisition and 
when competing for skilled employees. The ability of the Company to retain the loyalty of its current customers 
and to attract new customers and skilled employees may deteriorate if the reputation of the Company is 
damaged. Reputational risk may arise from e.g. failures in business expansion, corporate acquisitions, failed 
investment actions, dissatisfied customers, possible sanctions imposed by the authorities and legal 
proceedings, employee error and unethical conduct, failure to provide a high-quality service and failure to 
comply with laws, rules and regulations, failed cooperation with contractual partners, information security 
breaches, misconduct on the part of partners, and equivalent factors. If realised, reputational risk may lead to 
loss of customers’ confidence in the Company and therefore to loss of customers or difficulties in acquiring 
new customers, difficulties in the Company’s ability to recruit and retain key employees, and therefore may 
have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial position, results of operations and future 
prospects, and thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market 
price and value of the Notes. 
Competent authorities may take a broad range of actions and the Senior Unsecured Notes may be 
subject to write-down on any application of the general bail-in tool, if the Issuer becomes subject to 
recovery and resolution actions 
 
The powers set out in the directive establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions 
and investment firms (European Union Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive, the “BRRD”) entered into 
force on 2 July 2014, and it was implemented in Finland with effect as of 1 January 2015 by the Act on 
Procedure for the Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms (in Finnish: laki luottolaitosten ja 
sijoituspalveluyritysten kriisinratkaisusta, the “Resolution Act”), Act on the Financial Stability Authority (in 
Finnish: laki rahoitusvakausviranomaisesta, the “Authority Act”) and by amending the Act on Credit 
Institutions (in Finnish: laki luottolaitostoiminnasta) (jointly, the “Resolution Laws”) will impact how credit 
institutions and investment firms are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. For 
more information on the Resolution Laws, see “Resolution Laws”. The Finnish Financial Stability Authority 
(“FRA”) has confirmed OmaSp’s crisis resolution plan on 6 April 2022. The FRA has issued a decision on the 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL requirement) referred to in Chapter 8, Section 
7 of the Act on the Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms (1194/2014) to Oma Savings Bank 
on the 6th of April 2022. The requirement under the decision consists of the requirement based on total risks 
(9.5%) and the requirement based on total amount of exposures used in calculating the minimum leverage 
ratio (3%). The MREL requirements must be fully met as of June 30, 2022. As of 31 March 2022 Oma Savings 
Bank meets the set requirement with its own funds. If the Issuer were to become subject to resolution 
procedures, the Senior Unsecured Notes may be subject to write-down on any application of the general bail-
in tool, which may result in Noteholders (as defined below) losing some or all of their investment. However, 
there remains significant uncertainty as to the ultimate nature and scope of the bail-in tool and how it would 
affect the Noteholders and the Issuer. 
 
The exercise of any resolution power or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the 
rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy 
its obligations under such Notes. Also, the FRA may exercise resolution measures prior to insolvency of the 
relevant institution, and Noteholders may not be able to anticipate the exercise of any resolution power

--- Page 15 ---
14 
(including the “bail-in” tool) by the FRA. Furthermore, Noteholders will have very limited rights to challenge the 
exercise of powers by the FRA, even where such powers have resulted in the write down of the Senior 
Unsecured Notes. 
 
The general bail-in powers set out on the FRA are not intended to apply to secured debt (such as the Covered 
Bonds to the extent they are secured). However, to the extent that claims in relation to the Covered Bonds are 
not met out of the assets comprising the Cover Asset Pool (and the Covered Bonds subsequently rank pari 
passu with unsecured debt), the Covered Bonds may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity on 
any application of the general bail-in powers, which may result in the holders of Covered Bonds losing some 
or all of their investment. It may be possible that the Resolution Laws adversely affect the price or value of an 
investment in Covered Bonds subject to the provisions of the Resolution Laws and/or the ability of the Issuer 
to satisfy its obligations under such Covered Bonds. Prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should 
consult their own advisors as to the consequences of the implementation of the Resolution Laws. 
 
It is not possible to assess the full impact of the Resolution Laws on the Company and the Noteholders, and 
there can be no assurance that the taking of any actions contemplated in the Resolution Laws would not 
adversely affect the price or value of an investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under the Notes. 
Risks Related to Financial Condition and Financing 
Changes in the Company’s liquidity and availability of financing may have an adverse effect on the 
Company 
Liquidity risk is a very central risk in banking. Liquidity risk concerns the availability and/or price of the 
Company’s funding and the value and amount of liquid assets in relation to the Company’s payment obligations 
in the Company’s balance sheet. The Company’s ability to meet its payment obligations upon their maturity 
and to fulfil its commitments as a creditor as well as the Company’s ability to refinance its maturing debt depend 
on the availability of financing at a competitive price. The Company’s liquidity position may suffer from 
circumstances beyond its control such as coronavirus pandemic, market disruptions, a deterioration in 
confidence in the financial markets, deflation of liquid assets such as state loans, uncertainty and speculation 
relating to the solvency of market participants, lower credit ratings, functional issues affecting third parties or 
possible performance difficulties on the part of various market participants.  
 
The majority of the capital tied up in the business consists of capital market products and lending. Collateral 
in clearing and settlement and derivative operations moreover tie up capital. The majority of all borrowing has 
a term of less than one year and consists primarily of deposits made by the customers of the Company and 
certificates of deposit issued by the Company. Non-current borrowing under liabilities consists mainly of bonds 
issued by the Company and financing obtained from the European Investment Bank and other debt financing. 
Investors who have deposited their funds with the Company suddenly withdrawing their deposits from the 
Company constitutes a key liquidity risk. The Company may find itself unable to convert the investments in its 
balance sheet into cash in order to cover the funds withdrawn by depositors. The Company may also have 
difficulties in obtaining long-term financing or the price of long-term financing may rise.  
 
If the liquidity risk would realise, the Company may become unable to meet its payment obligations and to 
refinance its loans when they fall due. In addition to the aforementioned, problems with the availability of 
financing and changes in the terms of financing on offer may also have a negative effect on the Company’s 
opportunities to invest in the future development and growth of its business. For example, the coronavirus 
outbreak, which has been spreading globally since the spring of 2020, has disrupted various markets and 
resulted in uncertainty about the development of the economies affected by the outbreak. The market for 
certificates of deposit has partially recovered from the initial uncertainty of the corona pandemic but continues 
to perform weakly due to the current situation. 
 
At present, the Company holds an issuer credit rating from an international credit rating agency. The covered 
bond programme relating to the Company’s mortgage banking also holds a credit rating and individual issues 
under the programme or other bond issues possibly implemented by the Company may be assigned a credit 
rating. There can be no guarantees that the Company will in future be able to retain its current credit rating 
either for reasons attributable to the Company or because the credit rating agencies may modify their criteria. 
If the credit rating of the Company or the bonds issued by it were to be downgraded, the costs of the Company’s

--- Page 16 ---
15 
borrowing could rise, its ability to implement new issues could deteriorate or the Company could become 
subject to demands with regard to e.g. additional collateral on derivative contracts or other financing terms. 
 
If the Company is unable to obtain financing on competitive terms or at all or if its liquidity suffers, this may 
have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial position, results of operations and future 
prospects, and thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market 
price and value of the Notes. 
Solvency regulations applicable to the Company may be tightened and changes concerning the 
solvency or authority decisions may have an adverse effect on the Company  
Under the provisions applicable at a given time, the Company shall satisfy the solvency requirements as well 
as the risk and solvency management requirements applicable to its operations. The objective of the solvency 
management process is to assess whether the amount and nature of the Company’s capital is adequate 
relative to the nature, extent and complexity of the Company’s operations and sufficient to cover all risks of the 
business and the operating environment. The Company’s capital structure and solvency may affect its credit 
rating and thus contribute to an adverse effect on the availability and costs of the Company’s borrowing. 
Insufficient solvency could restrict the availability of financing or grow its costs, the Company’s growth and its 
potential for implementing its strategy. Falling below with the solvency requirements applicable to the Company 
may cause the Company the obligation to add to its own funds by limiting profit distribution. See “Information 
about the Issuer – Funding, Liquidity and Solvency Requirements” for additional information. 
In addition to possible additional requirements resulting from regulation, significant and unexpected losses 
could lead to a situation in which the Company was unable to maintain its desired capital structure. Negative 
changes in solvency, such as a decline in own funds or an increase in the Company’s overall risk due to e.g. 
increased lending volumes or higher risk level in loans granted by the Company, may have an adverse effect 
on the Company’s solvency and the availability and price of the Company’s borrowing. Realisation of the 
aforementioned risks may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial position, results 
of operations and future prospects, and thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
Realisation of interest rate risk may have an adverse effect on the Company 
Since the Company pursues banking, interest rate risk plays an integral role to the Company and its realisation 
may have an adverse effect on the Company’s results and solvency. Interest rate risk arises from the financial 
account consisting of lending and borrowing, capital market funding as well as the investment and liquidity 
portfolio. The reasons for interest rate risks are the differing bases of interest on receivables and debts as well 
as the different interest adjustment dates or maturity dates, in consequence of which the Company’s interest 
expenses may rise excessively high compared to the Company’s interest income. The Company’s net interest 
income totalled EUR 80.1 million in the financial year 2021. Therefore, interest income has a significant effect 
on the Company’s total operating income and a failure to manage interest rate risk would decrease the 
Company’s net interest income. There can be no assurances that the possible realisation of interest rate risk 
would not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial position, results of operations 
and future prospects, and thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as 
the market price and value of the Notes. 
For 2021, the effects of the corona pandemic on interest rate risk have remained moderate. Due to the structure 
of the Company's balance sheet, the Company's net interest income increases as interest rates rise and at the 
same time the effects of falling interest rates are limited. The Company constantly monitors interest rate 
sensitivities and, if necessary, the bank is ready to open new hedging positions. The interest rate risk in the 
banking book forms the majority of the company’s interest rate risk. The interest rate risk results from 
differences in the interest rate levels and maturities of assets and liabilities. In addition, the market rates impact 
the market prices of the investment portfolio’s securities. 
Realisation of credit risks may have an adverse effect on the Company 
A key risk to the Company consists of credit risk, i.e. a situation where a debtor or other counterparty of the 
Company defaults on its commitment. The Company’s credit risk comprises mainly mortgage receivables, 
retail receivables and credits to corporates, and the total amount of loan portfolio was EUR 4,354.5 million at 
the end of 2021. Impairment losses on financial assets (net) were EUR 7.3 million in 2021. The item includes

--- Page 17 ---
16 
the change in expected credit losses, final credit losses and credit loss refunds on customer loans, debt 
instruments and off-balance sheet commitments. The impact of expected credit losses recognised during the 
financial year 2021 was EUR 2.8 million. As part of the transition to IRB credit risk models, the Company has 
developed ECL models and utilized the development of IRB credit risk models in ECL calculation models as 
appropriate. This reduced expected credit losses by EUR 2.6 million during the first quarter of 2022.  
 
During 2020 and 2021, the Company's management has made additional credit loss allowances based on 
management’s judgement in connection with the corona pandemic. The allowances anticipate an increase in 
credit risk in certain sectors and are intended to cover potential credit losses to the extent that they are not 
recognised in the expected credit loss model. The sectors were selected based on both their significance and 
the estimated size of the pandemic’s impact. The quality of the Company's loan portfolio has remained at a 
good level throughout the pandemic, which is why allowances for corona have been released based on 
management’s judgement of EUR 2.0 million. However, the war in Ukraine has brought a new kind of 
uncertainty to the financial markets and operating environment, and the Company's management has made 
an additional credit loss allowance of EUR 2.0 million. The sectors have been selected both for their 
significance and the estimated magnitude of the impact of war. On 31 March 2022, the amount of additional 
allowances remains at same level as in the financial statements, with a total of EUR 3.9 million remaining. The 
provisions are used to anticipate the effects of a prolongated pandemic and the war in Ukraine on OmaSp’s 
credit volume and they aim to offset potential credit losses in the amount that the current calculation models 
for potential credit losses will not cover. The Company continues to monitor the situation and assess the 
situation on a monthly basis. 
 
Significant credit losses could arise in the future. For example, a downturn in the economy or a possible rise 
in interest rates in the future may lead to the insolvency of the Company’s customers and thereby increase the 
credit losses of the Company’s lending. Realisation of credit risks may undermine the Company’s solvency or 
the other requirements imposed on it for its credit institution authorisation and activities and thus restrict or 
prevent the pursuit of the Company’s business for good or temporarily. Credit risk counterparties in 
investments may consist of other banks, private persons, enterprises, public corporations and other parties, 
which issue interest instruments and receive deposits. Investments may be concentrated on individual 
counterparties, which may increase the counterparty risks of individual counterparties. Credit risks may be 
realised both through changes in the credit risks of investments and through actual credit risk events such as 
customers’ payment defaults or bankruptcies. The Company’s credit risk also consists of fees charged to 
customers, deposits of liquid assets and other fee receivables. 
 
Realisation of credit risk may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial position, 
results of operations and future prospects, and thereby, on the Company’s ability to fulfil its obligations under 
the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes. 
Realisation of market risks may have an adverse effect on the Company 
Market risks refer to the risk of changes in the market values of balance sheet items and off-balance sheet 
items causing fluctuation in results. Market values change as a result of e.g. interests, exchange rates and 
stock prices and fluctuations therein. The Company’s objective in equities investing is to generate competitive 
return on capital invested relative to profit-to-risk indicators. The Company’s investments are mainly focused 
on deposits in other credit institutions, debt securities, shares and stakes as well as real estates. The market 
value of the Company’s investment portfolio was EUR 645.3 million at the end of year 2021. The decrease of 
the market value of the Company’s investment would decrease the Company’s profits. 
Market risk relating to investments depends on the market situation of the relevant investment and the 
opportunities to successfully divest the investment. With regard to non-liquid investments, there can be no 
certainty that fair value can be obtained on the investment when converting it into cash, especially if the 
prevailing market situation is unfavourable to the sale of the investment. Divestment of investments may take 
place at a time when investments have to be converted into cash at fair values considerably lower than the 
carrying value, or the sale of the investments may fail altogether for reasons of the economy or instability in 
the financial markets. 
Market fluctuations and realisation of market risks may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s 
business, financial position, results of operations and future prospects, and thereby, on the Company’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value of the Notes.

--- Page 18 ---
17 
Risks Related to the Notes and the Markets of the Notes generally 
Active secondary market for the Notes may not develop and the market price of the Notes may be 
volatile 
 
An application for listing of the Notes on the Helsinki Stock Exchange may be made in case such listing has 
been provided for in the Final Terms of such Series of Notes, but the Notes may also be unlisted. However, 
listing of the Notes will not guarantee that an active public market for the Notes will develop, and if such a 
market were to develop, neither the Issuer nor the Arranger or any Lead Manager are under any obligation to 
maintain such a market. The liquidity and the market prices for the Notes can be expected to vary with changes 
in market and economic conditions, the financial condition and prospects of the Issuer, as well as many other 
factors that generally influence the market prices of securities. Such fluctuations may significantly affect the 
liquidity and the market price of the Notes, which may trade at a discount to the price at which the holders 
purchased the Notes. The wholesale funding markets (including the international debt capital markets) have 
experienced disruptions from time to time which have continued to a varying degree. Such disruptions have 
increased the funding cost and reduced the availability of the wholesale market funding across the financial 
services sector. There can be no assurance that the wholesale funding markets will not further deteriorate. 
 
There may be a lack of liquidity in the secondary market for instruments similar to the Notes. Such lack of 
liquidity may result in investors suffering losses on the Notes in secondary resales even if there is no decline 
in the performance of the assets of the Issuer. There is likely to be only a limited existing secondary or other 
market for covered notes issued under the MCBA, and there is limited existing liquidity in Finnish covered 
notes. No assurance can be given as to the continuation or effectiveness of any market-making activity. 
 
Therefore, the holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”) may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
Furthermore, if additional and competing products are introduced in the markets, this may also result in a 
material decline in the market price and value of the Notes. 
 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer, any Notes or specifically to the Covered Bonds may not reflect 
all the risks associated with an investment in those Notes  
 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes, Covered Bonds or to 
the Issuer. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company has long- and short-term counterparty credit 
ratings “BBB+/A-2” by S&P. At the date of this Base Prospectus, Covered Bonds to be issued under the 
Programme are rated AAA and their rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. There are no 
guarantees that such ratings will be assigned or maintained. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact 
of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect 
the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
revised, suspended or withdrawn by its assigning rating agency at any time. Any credit rating agency or the 
Company may withdraw the rating of the Company or any of the Notes.  
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the “CRA Regulation”) from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration 
has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances 
whilst the registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings 
issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered 
credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
(and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). 
 
Credit risk in respect of the Issuer 
 
The investors of the Notes are exposed to a credit risk with respect of the Issuer. The investor’s likelihood to 
receive payment under the Notes is thus dependent on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its payment obligations, 
which in turn is to a large extent dependent on developments in the Company’s business and financial 
performance. In particular, should the Issuer become insolvent during the term of the Notes, an investor may 
forfeit interest payable on, and the principal amount of, the Notes in part or in its entirety. An investor is always 
solely responsible for the economic consequences of his/her investment decisions.

--- Page 19 ---
18 
No guarantee or security in respect of the Senior Unsecured Notes 
 
There is no security on the Senior Unsecured Notes. In the event of insolvency of the Company, the Senior 
Unsecured Notes rank pari passu with other unsecured obligations of the Company. The assets comprising 
the prioritised portion of the Cover Asset Pool do not form part of the general assets of the Issuer that would 
be available to holders of Senior Unsecured Notes in the case of bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer (See 
risk factor “The assets comprising the prioritised portion of the Cover Asset Pool do not form part of the general 
assets of the Issuer that would be available to holders of Senior Unsecured Notes in the case of bankruptcy 
or liquidation of the Issuer” below). In the event of insolvency of the Company, and due to the fact that no 
security on the Senior Unsecured Notes is given, the investor may lose the invested principal and/or the interest 
either partly or wholly. 
 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of floating rate Notes linked 
to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
 
According to the General Terms and Conditions of the Programme, the Notes may be subject to certain floating 
reference rates (being EURIBOR or if the issuance has been made in another currency than EUR, STIBOR, 
NIBOR, CIBOR or LIBOR, as may be applicable to the relevant currency). Interest rates which are deemed to 
be “benchmarks” (such as, in the case of floating rate Notes, a reference rate), are the subject of recent national 
and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective 
whilst others are still to be implemented. 
 
On 27 July 2017, the Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”), which 
regulates LIBOR, announced that it does not intend to continue to persuade, or use its powers to compel, 
panel banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR after 2021. The 
announcement indicates that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis is not guaranteed after 2021. It is  
not possible to predict whether, and to what extent, panel banks will continue to provide LIBOR submissions 
to the administrator of LIBOR going forwards. 
 
The above-mentioned reform of LIBOR and other possible reforms of benchmarks may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any floating rate Notes 
linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”. The Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) has 
applied since 1 January 2018.  
 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any floating rate Notes linked to or referencing 
a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to 
comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have 
the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
“benchmark”. More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or 
contribute to the “benchmark”, (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” or 
(iii) lead to the disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential 
changes as a result of national or international reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.  
 
The General Terms and Conditions of the Programme provide for certain fall-back arrangements in the event 
that a published benchmark, such as EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be 
published (or any successor service)) is reformed, discontinued or otherwise becomes unavailable. Investors 
should be aware that, if EURIBOR were materially reformed, discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the 
interest rate on the Notes would be determined for the relevant period by such fall-back provisions. Application 
of these fall-back provisions could result in lower interest payments under the Notes which could adversely 
affect the market price and value of the Notes. 
 
No voting rights with respect to the General Meetings of shareholders of the Issuer 
 
The holders of the Notes have no voting rights with respect to the General Meetings of shareholders of the 
Issuer. Consequently, in the Issuer’s General Meetings of shareholders the Noteholders cannot influence any

--- Page 20 ---
19 
decisions by the Issuer to redeem the Notes or any decisions by the Issuer’s shareholders concerning, for 
instance, the capital structure of the Issuer. 
 
Withholding tax on the Notes 
 
In the event withholding taxes are imposed in respect of payments to holders on amounts due pursuant to the 
Notes, the Issuer is neither obliged to gross-up or otherwise compensate holders for the lesser amounts the 
holders will receive as a result of the imposition of withholding taxes nor entitled to a premature redemption of 
the Notes. 
 
Amendments to the Notes bind all Noteholders 
 
Provisions regarding Noteholders’ meetings and Procedures in Writing are included in the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Programme. The terms and conditions of the Notes may be amended in certain 
circumstances, with the required consent of a defined majority of the Noteholders. The terms and conditions 
of the Notes contain provisions for calling Noteholders’ meetings and requesting Procedures in Writing to 
consider matters affecting the interests of Noteholders generally. These provisions permit defined majorities 
to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or did not 
reply to the relevant Procedure in Writing and Noteholders who voted or replied in a manner contrary to the 
majority. This may incur financial losses, among other things, to all Noteholders, including such Noteholders 
who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or did not reply in the relevant Procedure in Writing and 
Noteholders who voted or replied in a manner contrary to the majority. 
 
Right to payments that have not been claimed 
 
In case any payment under the Notes has not been claimed within three (3) years from the original due date 
thereof, the right to such payment shall become void. Such prescription may incur financial losses to such 
Noteholders who have not claimed payment under the Notes within the prescription time of three (3) years. 
 
The assets comprising the prioritised portion of the Cover Asset Pool do not form part of the general 
assets of the Issuer that would be available to holders of Senior Unsecured Notes in the case of 
bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer  
 
In the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the holders of Covered Bonds (along with 
counterparties to related Derivative Transactions and providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans, (both as defined 
under “Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity”)) have the benefit of priority up to a certain portion of the 
assets in the Cover Asset Pool (See risk factor “The Cover Asset Pool may not fully cover all claims of the 
holders of Covered Bonds” below). Holders of Senior Unsecured Notes do not have the same benefit. In the 
bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer, holders of Senior Unsecured Notes will therefore be structurally 
subordinated in right of payment to holders of Covered Bonds. 
Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors and the most relevant of such features are set out in the 
descriptions below:  
 
Fixed / floating rate Notes 
 
Fixed/floating rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion in Extended Final 
Maturity situations, as defined in the Terms and Conditions, this will affect the secondary market and the 
market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate it is likely to produce a lower 
overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the 
spread on the fixed/floating rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
floating rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower 
than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, 
the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
 
Note issued at a substantial Discount or Premium

--- Page 21 ---
20 
 
The market value of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
 
The Issuer may not be able to finance the repurchase of Notes following a Change of control or loss 
of ownership 
 
Upon a Change of control or loss of ownership as stipulated in Condition 14 (Change of control and 
maintenance of ownership) in the General Terms and Conditions of the Programme applicable to the Notes 
(save for the Covered Bonds), the Noteholders are entitled to demand repurchase of the Notes together with 
any accrued but unpaid interest to on the redeemed amount. The source for any repurchase required as a 
result of any such event will be available cash or cash generated from operating activities or other sources, 
including borrowings, sales of assets, sales of equity or funds provided by subsidiaries of the Issuer. If a 
Change of control event or loss ownership occurs, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will have or will 
be able to generate sufficient funds to repurchase the Notes that have been requested to be repurchased. 
 
The Issuer may have an obligation to redeem the Notes prior to maturity 
 
As specified in the General Terms and Conditions of the Programme, applicable to the Senior Unsecured 
Notes (save for the Covered Bonds), Noteholders are entitled to demand premature repayment of the Notes 
in case of a payment default or default under certain other indebtedness (see Condition 13 (Early Redemption 
of the Notes), or a Change of control or loss of ownership (see Condition 14 (Change of control and 
maintenance of ownership) of the General Terms and Conditions of the Programme.  Such premature 
repayment may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and future prospects and, thereby, on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes of 
such Noteholders who elect not to exercise their right to get their Notes prematurely repaid as well as the 
market price and value of such Notes. 
 
Risks Related to the Covered Bonds 
In the context of Covered Bonds, it should be noted that the MCBA imposes several obligations on the Issuer 
that are intended to mitigate some of the risks described below. See "Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank 
Activity".  
 
The Cover Asset Pool may not fully cover all claims of the holders of Covered Bonds 
 
The Covered Bonds are issued as covered notes (in Finnish: katetut joukkolainat), and such instruments are 
covered in accordance with applicable Covered Bonds Legislation (as defined below). By virtue of law any 
covered bonds issued by the Issuer prior to 8 July 2022 are covered in accordance with the Finnish Act on 
Mortgage Credit Bank Activity (Laki kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta, 688/2010, the “MCBA”) and any covered 
bonds issued by the Issuer after 8 July 2022 are covered in accordance with the Covered Bond Act. See 
“Finnish Covered Bond Act”.  
 
Under the Covered Bonds Legislation, holders of a Covered Bond are given a statutory priority in the liquidation 
or bankruptcy of the Issuer in relation to the assets entered into the register of Covered Bonds that the Issuer 
is required to maintain in respect of the Covered Bonds (the “Register”). Under the Covered Bonds Legislation, 
the Covered Bonds shall be covered at all times by a specific pool of qualifying assets (the “Cover Asset 
Pool”). The Cover Asset Pool includes loans secured by residential properties located in Finland. Accordingly, 
the credit quality of the Cover Asset Pool could be adversely affected by, among other things, matters 
described under “– Risks Related to the Company’s Operating Environment and General Market Conditions”. 
In calculating the total value of the Cover Asset Pool, the following limitations apply: 1) at most 70 per cent in 
the case of MCBA, and at most 80 per cent in the case of Covered Bond Act, of the underlying value of the 
shares or the real estate securing each Housing Loan; and 2) the book value of the Substitute Collateral. 
 
Under Section 25 of the MCBA, the noteholder’s priority is limited to 70 per cent in respect of housing loans 
(in Finnish: asuntoluotto, as defined in the MCBA) of the current value of such property which stands as 
collateral for such housing loans. Under Section 20 of the Covered Bond Act, no such limitations apply.

--- Page 22 ---
21 
Accordingly, notwithstanding that the Issuer has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, holders of 
Covered Bonds have the right to receive payment before all other claims against the Issuer out of the proceeds 
of the Cover Asset Pool covering the Covered Bonds (however, in the case of the MCBA, only up to the 
prioritised portion of the Cover Asset Pool). To the extent that claims of the holders of Covered Bonds are not 
met out of the Cover Asset Pool, the residual claims of such holders will rank pari passu with the unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. Noteholders will not have any preferential right to the Issuer’s 
assets other than those entered into the Register and/or Cover Asset Pool as collateral in respect of the 
Covered Bonds. Given the pari passu ranking of the Covered Bonds under the Covered Bonds Legislation, in 
the event of the Issuer’s liquidation or bankruptcy, the amount available to be paid to holders of Covered Bonds 
out of the Cover Asset Pool on a prioritised basis may be affected by the amounts payable at the relevant time 
to counterparties of any Derivative Transactions registered in the Cover Asset Pool entered into by the Issuer 
and registered in the Register, as well as to the providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans entered into by the 
bankruptcy administrator of the Issuer to secure liquidity or take out liquidity credit. 
 
The funds accruing from the assets entered in the Cover Asset Pool after the commencement of liquidation or 
bankruptcy proceedings are entered into the Register and/or Cover Asset Pool as collateral until the holders 
of Covered Bonds, counterparties to Derivative Transactions and providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans are 
repaid in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds, Derivative Transactions and 
Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans, as applicable. Such provision of the relevant Covered Bonds Legislation shall also 
be applied to the funds accrued to the Issuer after the commencement of the liquidation or bankruptcy 
proceedings on the basis of derivative transactions entered into the Register in respect of the Covered Bonds 
or assets entered into the Register as collateral in respect of the Covered Bonds.  
 
The contents of the provisions of the Covered Bond Act and the interpretation of the provisions once 
enacted by a Finnish court are uncertain which increases, among other things, risk of costs and 
adverse publicity 
 
The Covered Bond Act (Laki kiinnitysluottopankeista ja katetuista joukkolainoista, (151/2022)) that implements 
the Covered Bond Directive (EU) 2019/2162 into national legislation (the “Covered Bond Act” and together 
with the MCBA, the “Covered Bonds Legislation”). The final implementing text of the Covered Bond Act is 
not in force on the date of this Base Prospectus and the Act shall enter into force on 8 July 2022. Furthermore, 
supplementing regulations and guidelines to be issued by regulatory authorities such as the FIN-FSA are still 
being prepared. Furthermore, there have not been cases in which the regulatory authorities or Finnish courts 
would have considered the provisions of the Covered Bond Act. See “Finnish Covered Bond Act”. 
 
Reliance on Swap Providers  
 
To provide a hedge against possible variances in the rates of interest receivable on the mortgage loans and 
other assets from time to time held by the Issuer (which may, for instance, include variable rates of interest, 
discounted rates of interest, fixed rates of interest or rates of interest which track a base rate) and the interest 
rate(s) under the Covered Bonds, the Issuer may from time to time enter into interest rate swap agreements 
(see “Derivative Transactions related to the Covered Bonds”).  
 
If any swap counterparty defaults on its obligations to make payments under the relevant interest rate swap 
agreement, the Issuer will be exposed to changes in the relevant rates of interest. Unless such interest rate 
swap agreements are replaced, the Issuer may not have sufficient funds to make payments under the Covered 
Bonds. 
 
No events of default in Covered Bonds  
 
The terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not include any events of default relating to the Issuer and 
therefore the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not entitle holders to accelerate the Covered 
Bonds. As such, it is envisaged that holders will only be paid the scheduled interest payments under the 
Covered Bonds as and when they fall due under the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds.  
 
In the event of a failure of the Cover Asset Pool to meet the matching requirements, holders of the 
Covered Bonds may receive payments according to a schedule that is different from that contemplated 
by the terms of the relevant Covered Bond

--- Page 23 ---
22 
The Issuer is required under the Covered Bonds Legislation to comply with certain matching requirements as 
long as there is any Covered Bond outstanding. Under the Covered Bonds Legislation, if the assets in the 
Cover Asset Pool do not fulfil the requirements provided for in the Covered Bonds Legislation, the FIN-FSA 
may set a time limit within which the Issuer shall place more collateral in compliance with the applicable 
Covered Bonds Legislation and the conditions of the relevant Covered Bonds. If these requirements are not 
complied with, the Issuer’s license for mortgage bank activities may be withdrawn. If the Issuer is placed in 
liquidation or declared bankrupt, and the requirements for the total amount of collateral of the Covered Bonds 
are not fulfilled, a supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA may demand that the Issuer’s bankruptcy administrator 
declare the Covered Bonds due and payable and sell the assets in the Cover Asset Pool. This could result in 
the holders of Covered Bonds receiving payment according to a schedule that is different from that 
contemplated by the terms of the Covered Bonds (with accelerations as well as delays) or that the holders of 
Covered Bonds are not paid in full.  
 
Default of the assets in the Cover Asset Pool may jeopardise payment on the Covered Bonds  
 
Default of the Issuer’s assets in the Cover Asset Pool could jeopardise the Issuer’s ability to make payments 
on the Covered Bonds in full or on a timely manner. In case of defaults of the Issuer’s assets in the Cover 
Asset Pool, the Issuer must supplement the Cover Asset Pool to comply with the statutory requirements and 
if the current value of the total amount of the Cover Asset Pool does not continuously exceed the current value 
of the combined payment obligations resulting from the Covered Bonds by at least two per cent or five per 
cent, as applicable,  the FIN-FSA may withdraw the Issuer’s license for mortgage bank activities and the assets 
in the Cover Asset Pool may not fully cover the payments on the Covered Bonds. To the extent that claims of 
the Noteholders in respect of the Covered Bonds are not met out of the Cover Asset Pool, the residual claims 
of the holders of Covered Bonds will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. The Issuer will substitute assets that are, for any reason, no longer eligible for collateral with eligible 
assets in accordance with the applicable Covered Bonds Legislation.  
 
Transfer of Covered Bonds and the Cover Asset Pool in bankruptcy  
 
In bankruptcy, a bankruptcy administrator may, with the permission of the FIN-FSA, transfer the liability for a 
covered bond and the corresponding collateral to a mortgage credit bank, deposit bank or credit entity that has 
acquired a license to issue covered bonds or to a foreign mortgage credit bank which is subject to supervision 
corresponding to that of the Covered Bonds Legislation unless the terms of the covered bond provide 
otherwise. See also “Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity—Management of Cover Pool Assets during 
the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer”.  
 
No market for collateral after an insolvency of the Issuer  
 
There is no assurance as to whether there will be a trading market for the collateral in the Cover Asset Pool or 
an eligible transferee to take over the obligations relating to the Covered Bonds and the corresponding 
collateral after an insolvency of the Issuer.  
 
Liquidity post Issuer bankruptcy  
 
It is believed that neither an insolvent issuer nor its bankruptcy estate would have the ability to issue Covered 
Bonds. Under the MCBA, the bankruptcy administrator (upon the demand or the consent of a supervisor 
appointed by the FIN-FSA) may, however, raise liquidity through the sale of mortgage loans and other assets 
in the Cover Asset Pool to fulfil the obligations relating to the relevant Covered Bonds. Further, the bankruptcy 
administrator (upon the demand or the consent of the supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA) may take out 
Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans and enter into other agreements for the purpose of securing the liquidity of the 
Cover Asset Pool. Counterparties in such transactions will rank pari passu with holders of the relevant Covered 
Bonds and counterparties in existing Derivative Transactions entered into the Register of the Cover Asset 
Pool. However, there can be no assurance as to the actual ability of the bankruptcy estate to raise post-
bankruptcy liquidity, which may result in a failure by the Issuer to make full and timely payments to holders of 
Covered Bonds and existing derivative counterparties registered in the Cover Asset Pool.  
 
Defaults under the mortgage loans and defaults by borrowers may result in the Issuer’s license for 
mortgage bank activity to be withdrawn

--- Page 24 ---
23 
The mortgage loans which secure the Covered Bonds will comprise loans secured on property. A borrower 
may default on its obligation under such mortgage loan. The Issuer will substitute assets that are, for any 
reason, no longer eligible for collateral with eligible assets in accordance with the applicable Covered Bonds 
Legislation. If the Cover Asset Pool does not have sufficient eligible assets, the Issuer would breach its 
statutory obligations and the FIN-FSA may set a time limit within which the Issuer shall place more collateral 
in compliance with the applicable Covered Bonds Legislation and the conditions of the relevant Covered 
Bonds. If these requirements are not complied with, the Issuer’s license for mortgage bank activities may be 
withdrawn. 
  
Defaults may occur for a variety of reasons. Defaults under mortgage loans are subject to credit, liquidity and 
interest rate risks. Various factors influence mortgage delinquency rates, prepayment rates, repossession 
frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as changes in the national or international 
economic climate, regional economic or housing conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the 
availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, political developments and government policies. 
Other factors in borrowers’ individual, personal or financial circumstances may affect the ability of the 
borrowers to repay the mortgage loans. Loss of earnings, unemployment, illness, divorce, weakening of 
financial conditions or results of business operations and other similar factors may lead to an increase in 
delinquencies by and bankruptcies of borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of 
borrowers to repay the mortgage loans. In addition, the ability of a borrower to sell a property given as security 
for a mortgage loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that mortgage loan will depend 
upon a number of factors, including the availability of buyers for that property, the value of that property and 
property values in general at the time.  
 
Limited information is available to holders of Covered Bonds, especially in relation to the assets in the 
Cover Asset Pool  
 
Investors will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the mortgage loans, the location of the 
properties securing the mortgage loans or other assets included in the Cover Asset Pool and it is expected 
that the composition of the Cover Asset Pool will change from time to time through the repayment of the 
mortgage loans by borrowers or new mortgage loans and/or other eligible assets being added to the Cover 
Asset Pool. The assets contained in the Cover Asset Pool will change over time reflecting repayments and 
new credits granted and, therefore, there are no assurances that the regional diversification, risk profile or 
credit quality of the assets in the Cover Asset Pool will remain the same as on or after the issue date of any 
Covered Bonds. The Issuer will maintain a separate register for the Cover Asset Pool and inform the 
Noteholders of the composition of the Cover Asset Pool in its financial statements and interim financial 
statements. The Issuer is subject to the disclosure obligations as set out in the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 
of the European Parliament and of the Council on market abuse (the “Market Abuse Regulation” or the 
“MAR”), the Finnish Securities Markets Act, in the regulations and guidelines of the FIN-FSA as well as in the 
rules of the Helsinki Stock Exchange, and this disclosure obligation may include matters relating to the 
requirements set for the Cover Asset Pool in accordance with the applicable Covered Bonds Legislation where 
such information is of precise nature and likely to have a significant effect on the prices of the Covered Bonds.  
 
Extendable obligations  
 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that an Extended Final Maturity Date (as defined below) applies to a 
Series of Covered Bonds.  
 
If an Extended Final Maturity is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of Covered 
Bonds and the Issuer notifies the Issuer Agent and the Noteholders at the latest on the fifth Business Day 
before the Maturity Date that it will not redeem the relevant Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date (or 
within two Business Days thereafter), the maturity of the nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds 
not redeemed will automatically extend to a date not later than 12 months from the Maturity Date, subject as 
otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms (the “Extended Final Maturity Date”). In that event, the 
Issuer may redeem all or part of the nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment 
Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, up to and including the Extended Final Maturity Date or as 
otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms. The Covered Bonds will also then bear interest on the 
nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds in accordance with the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The extension of the maturity of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds from the Maturity Date 
to the Extended Final Maturity Date will not result in any right of the Noteholders to accelerate payments or

--- Page 25 ---
24 
take action against the Issuer, and no payment will be payable to the Noteholders in that event other than as 
set out in the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds as completed by the applicable Final Terms. In these 
circumstances, failure by the Issuer to make payment in respect of the Final Redemption Amount on the 
Maturity Date shall not constitute a default in payment by the Issuer.  
 
Furthermore, if the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on the Covered Bonds from a fixed rate to 
a floating rate or vice versa in relation to all amounts constituting accrued interest due and payable on each 
Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Extended Final Maturity Date, 
then the Issuer may pay such interest pursuant to the floating rate or fixed rate (as the case may be) set out 
in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 26 ---
25 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
This Base Prospectus has been drawn by the Issuer, and the Issuer accepts responsibility regarding the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
 
To the best of the Issuer’s knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with 
the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.

--- Page 27 ---
26 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON PARTIES AND STATUTORY AUDITOR  
The Issuer 
 
Oma Savings Bank Plc  
Valtakatu 32 
53100 Lappeenranta 
Finland 
 
The Auditor of the Issuer 
 
KPMG Oy Ab 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
00100 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
Arranger 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
c/o Danske Bank A/S, Finland branch 
Debt Capital Markets 
Kasarmikatu 21 B, PL 1613 
00130 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
Legal Advisor to the Issuer 
 
Borenius Attorneys Ltd 
Eteläesplanadi 2 
00130 Helsinki 
Finland

--- Page 28 ---
27 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following General Terms and Conditions of the Programme must be read in their entirety together with the 
relevant Final Terms, or as applicable, the Amended Final Terms for the relevant Notes.  
 
1. Notes and their form 
Notes (the “Notes”) are issued by Oma Savings Bank Plc (the “Issuer”). The Notes are issued as serial notes 
(in Finnish: sarjalaina) (each a “Series of Notes”). Each Series of Notes may comprise one or more tranches 
(each a “Tranche of Notes”). The terms and conditions of a Tranche of Notes consist of these general terms 
and conditions (the “General Terms and Conditions” and each clause a “Condition”) and a document 
containing the specific terms and conditions of such Tranche of Notes (the “Final Terms”). If two or more 
Tranches are issued, the consolidated terms and conditions for those Tranches will be documented in the form 
of amended final terms (the “Amended Final Terms”) which will replace and supersede any prior Final Terms 
applicable to such Tranches. Any reference hereinafter to the Final Terms shall be deemed to include a 
reference to the Amended Final Terms, as applicable. 
 
Notes may be issued as:  
 
(a) 
senior unsecured notes that rank pari passu with the Issuer’s other unsecured commitments (the 
“Senior Unsecured Notes”); or  
(b) 
covered notes (in Finnish: katettu joukkolaina) (the “Covered Bonds” and a Series of Notes 
containing only Covered Bonds a “Series of Covered Bonds”), covered in accordance with the 
Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity (in Finnish: Laki kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 
688/2010), as amended (the “MCBA”). The Covered Bonds are direct, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and with all other 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of mortgage-backed notes covered in accordance with the MCBA 
(including pursuant to Sections 25 and 26 of the MCBA) as well as all Derivative Transactions and 
Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans.  
The form of the Notes and their priority is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Notes may be issued for subscription to institutional investors. No Notes may be issued to retail investors. The 
minimum subscription amount is at least EUR 100,000 and the denomination of a book-entry unit is at least 
EUR 100,000.  
 
The Notes will be issued in the Infinity book-entry securities system of Euroclear Finland Ltd, incorporated in 
Finland with a Business ID 1061446-0 and having its address in Urho Kekkosen katu 5 C, FI-00100 Helsinki, 
Finland, (“Euroclear Finland”) (or any system replacing or substituting the Infinity book-entry securities 
system) in accordance with the Finnish laws as well as rules and operating procedures applicable to and/or 
issued by Euroclear Finland for the time being (the “Euroclear Finland Rules”), in accordance with the Act 
on the Book-Entry System and Clearing and Settlement (348/2017, as amended) and other Finnish legislation 
governing book-entry system and book-entry accounts as well as the Euroclear Finland Rules.  
 
The issuer agent (in Finnish: liikkeeseenlaskijan asiamies) for a Series of Notes referred to in the Euroclear 
Finland Rules as well as the issuer and paying agent of the Notes (the “Issuer Agent” and/or where applicable, 
the “Paying Agent”) will be specified in the Final Terms. The Issuer may appoint one or more Lead Managers 
(the “Lead Managers”) for a Tranche of Notes as specified in the Final Terms. The Issuer may appoint a 
calculation agent for a Series of Notes or the Issuer may act as the calculation agent, in each case as specified 
in the Final Terms.  
 
Notes subscribed and paid for shall be entered to the respective book-entry accounts of the subscriber(s) on 
a date set out in the Final Terms in accordance with the Finnish legislation governing the book-entry system 
and book-entry accounts as well as the Euroclear Finland Rules. Each Note is freely transferable after it has 
been entered into the respective book-entry account.  
 
The Notes may be listed on the Helsinki Stock Exchange maintained by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd or they may be 
unlisted as specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 29 ---
28 
2. Nominal value  
The nominal amount of each book-entry unit relating to a Series of Notes is specified in the Final Terms.  
 
3. Maximum principal amount of the Programme and note principal as well as currency  
The maximum aggregate equivalent value of the Notes outstanding at any time is three billion (3,000,000,000) 
euro. The Issuer may decide on increasing or lowering the maximum principal amount. The principal and the 
currency (euro or other relevant currency) of a Series of Notes and the principal of a specific Tranche of Notes 
are specified in the Final Terms. The Issuer may decide on increasing or lowering the issued aggregate 
principal of each Series and Tranche of Notes during the subscription period. Each Series of Notes is 
numbered annually in numerical order as specified in the Final Terms. Each Tranche of Notes under a Series 
of Notes is numbered in numerical order as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
4. The term of the Notes, redemption and extension of maturity  
 
4.1 The term of the Notes and redemption  
The term of the Notes is at least one (1) year. The principal of the Notes shall be repaid on the Maturity Date 
specified in the Final Terms, or if Extended Final Maturity has been specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and the Issuer has extended the maturity of a Series of Covered Bonds, in accordance with 
Condition 4.2. The principal of the Notes shall be repaid in instalments if so specified in the Final Terms. The 
Business Day Convention specified in the Final Terms is applicable to the Maturity Date and any payment date 
determined in accordance with Condition 4.2. The redemption amount is the nominal amount of the principal.  
 
4.2 Extension of Maturity up to Extended Final Maturity Date  
An Extended Final Maturity Date may apply to a Series of Covered Bonds, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
 
If “Extended Final Maturity” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms of a Series of Covered 
Bonds and the Issuer notifies the Issuer Agent at the latest on the fifth Business Day before the Maturity Date 
that it will not redeem such Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date or within two (2) Business Days 
thereafter, the maturity of such Covered Bonds and the date on which such Covered Bonds will be due and 
repayable for the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions will be automatically extended up to but 
no later than the Extended Final Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms 
and provided that the maturity of any Covered Bond may not be extended beyond the date falling 12 months 
after the Maturity Date. In that event, the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the nominal amount outstanding 
of such Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and 
including the Extended Final Maturity Date or as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) of:  
 
(a) 
any decision to extend the maturity of a Series of Covered Bonds pursuant to this Condition 4.2, in 
whole or in part, as soon as practicable after any such decision is made; and 
(b) 
following such extension, its intention to redeem all or any of the nominal amount outstanding of such 
Covered Bonds in full at least three (3) Business Days prior to;  
(i) 
the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
the Extended Final Maturity Date.  
Any failure by the Issuer to notify such persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any such 
extension of the maturity of such Covered Bonds or, as applicable, redemption by the Issuer on the Maturity 
Date or, as applicable, the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as applicable, the Extended Final Maturity Date 
or give rise to any such person having any rights in respect of any such redemption but such failure may result 
in a delay in payment being received by a Noteholder through Euroclear Finland (including on the Maturity 
Date where at least three Business Days’ notice of such redemption is not given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices)) and Noteholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any other 
payment in respect of such delay.  
 
In the case of Covered Bonds, which are zero coupon notes up to (and including) the Maturity Date and for 
which an Extended Final Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, for the purposes of this

--- Page 30 ---
29 
Condition 4.2, the nominal amount outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on 
the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in accordance with these 
General Terms and Conditions. 
  
Any extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds under this Condition 4.2 shall be irrevocable. Where this 
Condition 4.2 applies, any failure to redeem the Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date or any extension of the 
maturity of such Covered Bonds under this Condition 4.2 shall not constitute an event of default for any purpose 
or give any Noteholder any right to receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the relevant 
Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in these General Terms and Conditions.  
 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of a Series of Covered Bonds under this Condition 4.2, interest 
rates, Interest Periods and Interest Payment Dates on such Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity 
Date to (but excluding) the Extended Final Maturity Date shall be determined in accordance with the Extended 
Final Maturity Interest Provisions in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
If the Issuer redeems part but not the entire principal amount outstanding of any Covered Bonds on an Interest 
Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the redemption proceeds shall be applied rateably 
across such Covered Bonds and the nominal amount outstanding on each such Covered Bond shall be 
reduced by the level of that redemption.  
 
If the maturity of a Series of Covered Bonds is extended up to the Extended Final Maturity Date in accordance 
with this Condition 4.2, subject as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, for so long as any such 
Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Issuer shall not issue any further Notes, unless the proceeds of issue 
of such further Notes are applied by the Issuer on issue in redeeming in whole or in part any Covered Bonds 
the maturity of which has been extended in accordance with this Condition 4.2.  
 
This Condition 4.2 shall only apply to Covered Bonds for which “Extended Final Maturity” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer does not redeem such Covered Bonds in full on the 
Maturity Date (or within two Business Days thereafter).  
 
5. Subscription of Notes  
 
5.1 Subscription manner and subscription price and the payment of subscriptions  
Each Series of Notes is offered for subscription during the subscription period at the subscription places 
specified in the Final Terms of each Tranche of Notes. The Issuer may decide on shortening or lengthening 
the subscription period.  
 
The subscription amount is the nominal value of the subscription multiplied by the issue price at the moment 
of subscription. When subscription takes place after the Issue Date, the accrued interest for the subscribed 
amount must also be paid (except in case of zero coupon notes) in accordance with the Final Terms for the 
period between the Issue Date and the payment date of the subscription.  
 
When Notes are subscribed on any other day than on an Interest Payment Date, but after the first Interest 
Payment Date, the subscriber must pay the accrued interest for the period between the beginning of the current 
Interest Period and the subscription payment day.  
 
Approved subscriptions are confirmed after the termination of the subscription period. Subscriptions are to be 
paid in a manner specified in the Final Terms. Subscriptions shall be paid as instructed in connection with the 
subscription, or at the time of the subscription, in each case as stipulated in the relevant Final Terms of a 
Tranche of Notes.  
 
5.2 Measures in oversubscription and under-subscription situations  
The Issuer has the right to determine separately on the measures in the event of an oversubscription and 
under-subscription of a Series of Notes. In the event of oversubscription, such measure may include, for 
example, reducing subscriptions in part or in whole. The Issuer has the right to increase the amount of offered 
Notes of a Series and a Tranche of Notes during the subscription period or to discontinue the subscription of 
Notes.

--- Page 31 ---
30 
5.3 Issue price  
The Issue Price of the Notes will be specified in the Final Terms. 
  
5.4 Subscriber’s cancellation right and discontinuance of acceptance of subscriptions in certain cases  
If the Issuer, during the subscription period of Notes or before the Notes have been admitted for public trading, 
supplements the Base Prospectus due to an error, deficiency or material new information in it or publishes a 
completely updated Base Prospectus during the above-mentioned period, a subscriber, who has made a 
subscription in an offer of securities to the public before the publication of a supplement or before the 
publication of the updated base prospectus, has the right, according to Article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council, as amended (“Prospectus Regulation”) to cancel 
his subscription within at least three (3) Business Days from the publication of the supplement or the update. 
However, the cancellation right only exists if the error, deficiency or material new information arose or was 
noted before the delivery of the Notes to the subscribers in accordance with Condition 6 (Delivery of Notes). 
The supplemented Base Prospectus or a completely updated prospectus and information on the time limit for 
cancellation and the procedure relating to it are available at subscription places and on the Issuer’s website 
www.omasp.fi/en/investor-relations.  
 
The Issuer has the right to discontinue the acceptance of subscriptions immediately when a need to 
supplement the Base Prospectus has become evident. The discontinuance will be announced in the 
subscription places.  
 
6. Delivery of Notes  
Book-entries are entered in the book-entry account informed by the subscriber in a manner announced in 
connection with the subscription and during the time period specified in the Final Terms in accordance with 
legislation regarding the book-entry system and book-entry accounts and the Euroclear Finland Rules.  
 
7. Security  
No security has been granted for the Senior Unsecured Notes.  
 
The Covered Bonds are covered by the assets that comprise a qualifying cover asset pool maintained by the 
Issuer in accordance with the MCBA.  
 
8. Interest  
Either a fixed rate or a floating rate interest based on a reference rate is paid from time to time on the 
unamortized principal of the Notes as specified in the Final Terms. Interest is paid on the Interest Payment 
Dates specified in the Final Terms. Notes can also be issued as zero coupon notes, which will be offered and 
sold at a discount to their nominal amount and will not bear interest.  
 
8.1 Fixed rate interest  
Annual interest, specified in the Final Terms, is paid on a Note to which this provision is applicable according 
to the Final Terms.  
 
8.2 Floating reference rate interest  
Floating interest, which consists of a floating reference rate interest and a margin as specified in the Final 
Terms, is paid on a Note to which this provision is applicable according to the Final Terms.  
 
The floating reference rate can be EURIBOR or other relevant reference rate, such as STIBOR, NIBOR, 
CIBOR or LIBOR (“OTHER”) if the issuance has been made in another currency than EUR.  
 
The floating reference rate (being either EURIBOR, LIBOR, STIBOR, CIBOR or NIBOR, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the relevant screen page of a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters), or such replacement page on a service which displays the 
information, as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR, London time in the case of LIBOR, 
Stockholm time in the case of STIBOR, or Copenhagen time in the case of CIBOR) or as at 12 noon Oslo time 
in the case of NIBOR two applicable Business Days (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) prior to the 
beginning of the relevant Interest Period. If the Interest Period does not correspond to any time period provided 
on the designated distributor’s page, the floating reference rate is calculated by interpolating the ratio of time 
with two reference rates closest to the above-mentioned relevant Interest Period between which the Interest 
Period is settled.

--- Page 32 ---
31 
 
If a EURIBOR or OTHER quotation was discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest shall be 
determined for the relevant period by reference to a Successor Reference Rate (as defined below) or, if such 
Successor Reference Rate is not available, by reference to an Alternative Reference Rate (as defined below), 
in each case as determined by the Issuer (following consultation with the Issuer Agent). Such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) may be adjusted (if required) by the Issuer 
(following consultation with the Issuer Agent) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of 
the replacement of EURIBOR or OTHER quotation in any such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner.  
 
In addition, the Issuer (following consultation with the Issuer Agent) may also determine (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) that other amendments to these Terms and Conditions are 
necessary in order to follow market practice in relation to the relevant successor reference rate or alternative 
reference rate (as applicable) and to ensure the proper operation of the relevant successor reference rate or 
alternative reference rate (as applicable). 
 
If the Issuer (following consultation with the Issuer Agent) is unable to determine a rate in accordance with the 
above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the rate of interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the last preceding Interest Period. 
 
No consent of holders of Notes shall be required in connection with effecting any Successor Reference Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or any other related adjustments and/or amendments described 
above. 
 
In this Condition 8. Interest: 
 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the rate that the Issuer determines has replaced EURIBOR or OTHER 
quotation in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest in respect of  floating rate bonds denominated in such currency and of a comparable 
duration to the relevant interest periods, or, if the Issuer determines that there is no such rate, such other rate 
as the Issuer determines in its discretion is most comparable to EURIBOR or OTHER quotation, as applicable; 
 
“Successor Reference Rate” means the rate that the Issuer determines is a successor to or replacement of 
EURIBOR or OTHER quotation which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; and 
 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means , in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): (i) the central 
bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or (ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks 
or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 
8.3 Minimum and/or the maximum amount of interest  
A floating reference rate interest (being the sum of the relevant reference rate and a margin) referred to in 
Condition 8.2 shall always be subject to a minimum of zero (0) per cent.  
 
In addition, an additional minimum or a maximum amount or both for the floating reference rate interest referred 
to in Condition 8.2, can be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
9. Interest Period  
Interest Period means each period of time, for which the interest is calculated. The first Interest Period begins 
on the Issue Date, or on any other date as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and ends on the following 
Interest Payment Date specified in the Final Terms. Each following Interest Period begins on the previous 
Interest Payment Date and ends on the following Interest Payment Date. Interest accrues for each Interest 
Period, including the first day of the Interest Period and excluding the last day of the Interest Period.

--- Page 33 ---
32 
 
10. The Day Count Fraction  
The Day Count Fraction in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time applicable to a Series 
of Notes is specified in the Final Terms as follows:  
 
(a) 
“Actual/Actual (ICMA)”, where the actual days of the Interest Period are divided by the number which 
is received by multiplying the actual days of the Interest Period with the amount of Interest Periods 
included in a year (possible irregular Interest Periods form an exception);  
(b) 
“Actual/Actual (ISDA)”, where the actual days of the Interest Period are divided in other years than 
leap years by 365 and in leap years by 366. If the Interest Period is only partially extended to a leap 
year, the Interest Period is divided into two parts, to which the previously explained principles will be 
applied and the total amount of interests are combined;  
(c) 
“Actual/365”, where the actual days of the Interest Period are divided by 365;  
(d) 
“Actual/360”, where the actual days of the Interest Period are divided by 360; 
(e) 
“30E/360” or “Eurobond rule”, where the interest year is combined of 12months of 30 days (however 
so, that when the last day of the last Interest Period is the last day of February, February is not 
changed to a 30-day month), which are divided by 360; or  
(f) 
 “30/360”, where the interest year has 360 days and each interest month has 30 days.  
11. Business Day Convention  
If an Interest Payment Date in respect of a Note should fall on a date that is not a Business Day, it will be 
modified as specified in the Final Terms as follows:  
 
(a) 
“Following”, where the Interest Payment Date is the next following Business Day;  
(b) 
“Modified Following”, where the Interest Payment Date is the next following Business Day, except 
if the next following Business Day is in the next calendar month, where the Interest Payment Date is 
the preceding Business Day; or 
(c) 
“Preceding”, where the Interest Payment Date is the preceding Business Day.  
The change of the Interest Payment Date of a fixed interest Note does not affect the amount of interest to be 
paid on such Note.  
 
The change of the Interest Payment Date of floating rate Note influences the length of the Interest Period and, 
by implication, the amount of the interest to be paid on such Note.  
 
“Business Day” means a day when  
 
(a) 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
in Finland and the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express (TARGET 2) 
System is open, and  
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the relevant currency.  
12. Payment of interest  
Interest is paid on the Interest Payment Dates specified in the Final Terms. The payment shall be made in 
accordance with the legislation governing the book-entry system and book-entry accounts as well as the 
Euroclear Finland Rules to each Noteholder entitled to receive the payment according to the book-entry 
account information.  
 
13. Early Redemption of the Notes  
This Condition 13 applies only to Senior Unsecured Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 13 does 
not apply to any Covered Bonds.

--- Page 34 ---
33 
 
Any Noteholder of the relevant Series of Notes may by a written notice to the Issuer declare the principal 
amount of such Note together with the interest then accrued on such Note to be due and payable at the earliest 
on the tenth (10th) day from the date such claim was presented provided that the event mentioned in the notice, 
which is specified below, exists on the date of receipt of the notice and on the requested due date: 
 
(a) 
Any amount of interest on or principal of a Series of Notes has not been paid within five (5) Business 
Days from the relevant due date, unless the failure to pay is caused by a reason referred to in 
Condition 16 (Force Majeure).  
(b) 
(i) Any outstanding Indebtedness is declared due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event 
of default (howsoever described); (ii) the Issuer fails to make any payment in respect of Indebtedness 
on the relevant due date as extended by applicable grace period, if any; (iii) the Issuer defaults in 
making any payment when due (as extended by applicable grace period, if any) under any guarantee 
in relation to such Indebtedness; however, no event of default will occur under (i)–(iii) above if the 
aggregate amount of such payment or Indebtedness is less than EUR 5,000,000 or its equivalent in 
foreign currency.  
“Indebtedness” means, for the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions, indebtedness (whether 
principal, premium, interest or other amounts) in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, 
loan stock or other securities or any borrowed money or any liability under or in respect of any acceptance or 
acceptance credit of the Issuer.  
 
A Noteholder shall not be entitled to demand repayment under this sub-condition (b) and the Issuer shall have 
no obligation to repay, if the Issuer has bona fide disputed the existence of the occurrence of an event of 
default under this sub-condition (b) in the relevant court or in arbitration within forty-five (45) days of the date 
when the Issuer became aware of such alleged event of default, as long as such dispute has not been finally 
and adversely adjudicated against the Issuer.  
 
14. Change of control and maintenance of ownership 
This Condition 14 applies only to Senior Unsecured Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 14 does 
not apply to any Covered Bonds.  
 
In case (i) an event or series of events occur whereby one or more persons (other than Legacy Co-operative 
Societies or Savings Bank Foundations), acting in concert (Fin: yksissä tuumin toimiminen), acquire control 
over the Issuer and where “control” means (a) acquiring or controlling, directly or indirectly, more than fifty 
(50) per cent of the total voting rights represented by the shares of the Issuer (being votes which are capable 
of being cast at general meetings of shareholders), or (b) the right to, directly or indirectly, appoint or remove 
at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the Issuer, or (ii) one Legacy Co-operative 
Society or Savings Bank Foundation (both as defined below) or several Legacy Co-operative Societies and/or 
Savings Bank Foundations together own, directly or indirectly, in aggregate less than one third (1/3) of the 
shares or voting rights relating to the shares of the Issuer, or (iii) the power of the Legacy Co-operative 
Societies and/or Savings Bank Foundations to direct the decision making of the Issuer pursuant to an 
agreement or other relevant arrangement ceases, the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders of such 
event in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
 
Upon occurrence of a change of control or loss of ownership as described in the previous paragraph of this 
Condition 14, the Issuer shall on the Prepayment Date (as defined below) prepay the nominal principal amount 
of and interest accrued on the Notes until the Prepayment Date (but excluding such Prepayment Date) held 
by the Noteholders who have required prepayment of the Notes held by them by a written notice to be given 
to the Issuer no later than fifteen (15) Business Days before the Prepayment Date.  
 
If Notes representing more than seventy-five (75) per cent of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes have 
been prepaid on the Prepayment Date pursuant to this Condition 14, the Issuer is entitled to prepay also the 
remaining outstanding Notes at their nominal principal amount with accrued interest by notifying the relevant 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) no later than fifteen (15) Business Days after the 
Prepayment Date. Such prepayment may be effected at the earliest on the tenth (10th) Business Day and at 
the latest on the sixtieth (60th) Business Day following the date of publication of such notice.

--- Page 35 ---
34 
“Legacy Co-operative Society” means a co-operative society that has disposed its former banking business 
to the Issuer pursuant to paragraph 17 of the Act on Co-operative Credit Institutions (423/2013).  
"Savings Bank Foundation" means a foundation, which pursuant to paragraph 92 of the Savings Bank Act 
(1502/2001) has with the permission of the registration authority changed from a savings bank to a foundation 
in connection with a business operations disposal.  
 
"Prepayment Date" means the date falling forty-five (45) Business Days after the publication of the notice 
referred to in the first paragraph of this Condition 14.  
 
15. Noteholders' Meeting and Procedure in Writing 
The Issuer has the right to convene a meeting of the Noteholders (the "Noteholders' Meeting”) or request a 
procedure in writing among the Noteholders (a “Procedure in Writing”) to decide on any changes to be made 
to these General Terms and Conditions, or on any other issues mentioned below.  
 
A notice to the Noteholders’ Meeting and the initiation of a Procedure in Writing must be given in the manner 
provided for in Condition 17 (Notices) no later than ten (10) days prior to the meeting or on the last day reserved 
for replies in the Procedure in Writing. The notice shall specify the time, place and agenda of the meeting or 
the last day to reply and provide an address for replies in the Procedure in Writing as well as specify any action 
required to be taken by the Noteholder in order to attend the meeting or participate in the Procedure in Writing. 
The Noteholders' Meeting must be held in Helsinki, Finland, and the place and the chairman of the meeting 
will be elected by the Issuer.  
 
Any Notes held by or for the benefit of the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer shall (unless and until ceasing 
to be so held) be excluded from any determination, whether or not a quorum exists for the purposes of a 
Noteholders’ Meeting or a Procedure in Writing. The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer has no right to vote 
at the Noteholders' Meeting or in the Procedure in Writing. 
 
Only those who, according to the register kept by Euroclear Finland in respect of the Notes, were registered 
as Noteholders on the fifth (5th) Business Day prior to the Noteholders’ Meeting or on the last day reserved 
for replies in the Procedure in Writing on the list of Noteholders to be provided by Euroclear Finland in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Consent of the Noteholders to the Disclosure of Personal Data), or proxies 
authorised by such Noteholders, shall, if holding any of the principal amount of the Notes at the time of the 
meeting or the last day reserved for replies in the Procedure in Writing, be entitled to vote at the meeting or in 
the Procedure in Writing and shall be recorded in the list of the Noteholders present in the Noteholders’ Meeting 
or participating in the Procedure in Writing. 
 
A Noteholders' Meeting or a Procedure in Writing constitutes a quorum, if (i) at least two (2) persons 
representing at least fifty (50) per cent or (ii) one (1) Noteholder holding one hundred (100) per cent of the 
principal amount of the Series of Notes outstanding are present or provide replies in the Procedure in Writing.  
 
If a quorum does not exist within thirty (30) minutes after the time specified for the start of the Noteholders' 
Meeting, the Issuer can convene an adjourned Noteholders’ Meeting on a date no earlier than fourteen (14) 
days and no later than twenty-eight (28) days after the original meeting at a place to be determined by the 
Issuer. Correspondingly, if by the last day reserved for replies in the Procedure in Writing a quorum does not 
exist, the time for replies may be extended as determined by the Issuer.  
 
The adjourned Noteholders' Meeting or the extended Procedure in Writing constitutes a quorum, if (i)) at least 
two (2) persons representing at least ten (10) per cent or (ii) one (1) Noteholder holding one hundred (100) per 
cent of the principal amount of the Series of Notes outstanding are present in the meeting or provide replies in 
the Procedure in Writing. 
 
The notice of the adjourned meeting or, in the Procedure in Writing, information regarding the extended time 
for replies, must be given in the same manner as the notice of the original meeting or the Procedure in Writing. 
The notice must also include the requirements for a constitution of a quorum.  
 
The voting rights of the Noteholders will be determined on the basis of the principal amount of the Notes held.  
 
More than fifty (50) per cent of the votes cast are required for passing a decision at the Noteholders' Meeting 
or In the Procedure in Writing.

--- Page 36 ---
35 
 
A representative of the Issuer and/or a person authorised to act for the Issuer may attend and speak at the 
Noteholders' Meeting.  
 
A Noteholders' Meeting or a Procedure in Writing may, at the request of the Issuer, make decisions that are 
binding on the Noteholders on:  
 
− 
any amendments to the terms and conditions of the relevant Series of Notes, and  
− 
a temporary waiver regarding the terms and conditions of the relevant Series of Notes.  
However, the consent of Noteholders representing at least seventy-five (75) per cent of the principal of the 
Series of Notes outstanding will be required to:  
 
− 
reduce the principal amount of and/or the interest on the relevant Series of Notes; or  
− 
extend the term of the relevant Series of Notes; or  
− 
amend the quorum requirements of the Noteholders' Meeting or Procedure in Writing; and/or  
− 
amend the majority required for the decisions of the Noteholders' Meeting or Procedure in Writing.  
Consent may be given at the Noteholders' Meeting, in the Procedure in Writing or by other verifiable means.  
 
The Noteholders’ Meeting and the Procedure in Writing can authorise a named person to take any necessary 
actions to enforce the decisions of the Noteholders’ Meeting or the Procedure in Writing.  
 
A matter decided at the Noteholders’ Meeting or in the Procedure in Writing is binding on all Noteholders of 
the relevant Series of Notes, irrespective of whether they were present at the Noteholders’ Meeting or 
participated in the Procedure in Writing. Decisions made at the Noteholders' Meeting or the Procedure in 
Writing are deemed to have been received by the Noteholders of the relevant Series at the time (i) they have 
been entered in the issue account maintained by Euroclear Finland, or (ii) notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). In addition, the Noteholders are obliged to notify subsequent 
transferees of the Notes of the resolutions of the Noteholders' Meeting and the Procedure in Writing.  
 
A notice to Euroclear Finland must be given on (i)) the convening of a Noteholders’ Meeting or the request for 
a Procedure in Writing, and (ii) on their resolutions made in accordance with Euroclear Finland Rules.  
 
16. Force Majeure  
Neither the Issuer, the subscription place, the Issuer Agent, the Paying Agent nor the account operator will be 
responsible for any damage caused by a force majeure event or by other similar reasons unreasonably making 
it considerably more difficult to act. Such events include for example:  
 
− 
a war or a threat of war, act of terrorism, rebellion, or riot, other civil commotion;  
− 
any interruption in the postal delivery, telephone traffic, automatic data processing, data transfer, 
other electronic communication or electricity supply, independent of the Issuer, the subscription place, 
the Issuer Agent, the Paying Agent or the account operator;  
− 
any suspension or delay in the operations of the Issuer, the subscription place, the Issuer Agent, the 
Paying Agent or the account operator due to a fire, natural disaster or other comparable accident;  
− 
industrial action such as a strike, stoppage or boycott, regardless of whether the Issuer, the 
subscription place, the Issuer Agent, the Paying Agent or the account operator is a party to it or not;  
− 
an action by authorities independent of the Issuer, the subscription place, the Issuer Agent, the Paying 
Agent nor the account operator; or

--- Page 37 ---
36 
− 
any other similar force majeure or hindrance, which makes it unreasonably difficult to carry on the 
activities of the Issuer, the subscription place, the Issuer Agent, the Paying Agent nor the account 
operator.  
17. Notices  
Any matters relating to the Notes will be notified to the Noteholders by a stock exchange announcement, or a 
notice published in Helsingin Sanomat or in any other major Finnish daily newspaper selected by the Issuer or 
by other verifiable means. Such notice is deemed to have been received by the Noteholders at the time of 
publication. 
 
In addition, the Issuer may deliver notices regarding the Notes in writing directly to the Noteholders through 
the account operators of Euroclear Finland, or to the address appearing on the list of Noteholders provided by 
Euroclear Finland in accordance with Condition 18 (Consent of the Noteholders to the Disclosure of Personal 
Data). Such notice is deemed to have been given on the fourth (4) Business Day after the date such notice is 
mailed or otherwise sent to the Noteholder. 
 
Address for notices to the Issuer is as follows:  
Oma Savings Bank Plc  
Valtakatu 32  
53100 Lappeenranta 
Finland  
  
18. Consent of the Noteholders to the Disclosure of Personal Data   
The Noteholders give their consent to that, notwithstanding any secrecy obligation, the Issuer and the Issuer 
Agent are entitled to obtain, and Euroclear Finland is entitled to give, at the request of the Issuer or the Issuer 
Agent, any information on the Noteholders entered in the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Finland, 
including the name, contact details and possible Business ID of the Noteholder.  
 
19. Publication of financial information  
If the Notes cease to be listed on any regulated market, the Issuer will make the following information available 
to the Noteholders by publishing on the website of the Issuer:  
 
(a) 
as soon as they become available, but in any event within 120 days after the end of each financial 
year, its audited financial statements for that financial year; and  
(b) 
as soon as they become available, but in any event within 60 days after the end of each interim half 
of its financial year, its financial statements for such period.  
20. Other provisions 
The Issuer has the sole right to (i) make such appropriate amendments to the Final Terms of the Notes that 
do not weaken the position of the Noteholders, and (ii) to amend the technical procedures relating to the Notes 
in respect of payments or other similar matters without the consent of the Noteholders or the Noteholders' 
Meeting or the Procedure in Writing. Any changes will be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices).  
 
21. Time Bar of the Past-Due Payments  
If the principal or interest has not been paid due to insufficient information within three (3) years of the payment 
falling due for the first time pursuant to these terms and conditions, the right to receive the payment will, to that 
extent, be lost.  
 
22. Further Issues  
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of and notice to the Noteholders, create and issue 
further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (except for the first payment 
of interest on them, the issue price and/or the minimum subscription amount thereof) by increasing the issued 
and, if needed, also the maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes or otherwise.  
 
23. Availability of the Documents  
Copies of the documents relating to the Notes will be available for inspection during the office hours in the 
offices of the Issuer at Valtakatu 32, 53100 Lappeenranta and at the premises of Danske Bank A/S at the 
address c/o Danske Bank, Finland Branch, Kasarmikatu 21 B, PL 1613, FI-00130 Helsinki, Finland.

--- Page 38 ---
37 
24. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction  
The Notes are governed by the laws Finland. Any disputes relating to the Notes will be settled in the first 
instance in the District Court of Helsinki. If the plaintiff is a consumer, action may be brought in the relevant 
local first instance court.

--- Page 39 ---
38 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
[Amended] Terms and Conditions  
 
[These Final Terms replace and supersede the Final Terms dated [     ] 201[   ]]  
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the [Notes/Covered Bonds] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
[Notes/Covered Bonds] is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID 
II/Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to be 
included if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the [Notes/Covered Bonds] 
(a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
[Notes/Covered Bonds] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the [Notes/Covered Bonds] is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); EITHER [(ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes/Covered 
Bonds] are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the [Notes/Covered Bonds] to retail clients are 
appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution 
services][, subject to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the [Notes/Covered Bonds] (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the [Notes/Covered Bonds] (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].] 
 
These Final Terms have been drawn in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and they are to be read 
together with the Base Prospectus regarding programme, including the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Programme, for the Issuance of Notes by Oma Savings Bank Plc dated [●] May 2022 [and the supplement[s] 
to it dated [●] and [●]] (the “Base Prospectus”) (the “Programme”) in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. Unless otherwise stated in these Final Terms, the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Programme shall apply.  
 
The complete information regarding the Issuer and the Notes can be found in the Base Prospectus, including 
documents incorporated into it by reference, and in these Final Terms.  
 
The Base Prospectus [, the supplement[s] dated [●] and [●]] and the Final Terms are available at the web page 
of Oma Savings Bank Plc at [        ] and at request from Oma Savings Bank Plc or at the subscription places 
mentioned in the Final Terms.

--- Page 40 ---
39 
[EVEN THOUGH THE AMOUNT TO BE REPAID IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
OF THE NOTES IS THE NOMINAL VALUE OF THE NOTES, THE INVESTOR MAY LOSE PART OF THE 
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, IF THE NOTES ARE SUBSCRIBED ABOVE NOMINAL VALUE.]  
 
Name and number of the Series of Notes:  
[●] 
Notes and their form:  
[Covered Bonds][Senior Unsecured Notes]   
Tranche number:  
[Date on which the Notes become fungible:  
[●] [and [●]] 
The Issue Date.] 
Lead Manager(s):  
Tranche 1: [Name and Address]  
[Tranche [   ]: Name and Address] 
Subscription place(s) of each Tranche of Notes:  
Tranche 1: [Name and Address / Not applicable] 
[Tranche [   ]: [Name and Address / Not applicable]]  
Issuer Agent and Paying Agent:  
[Name and Address]  
[Calculation Agent  
[Name and Address] / [The Issuer acts as the 
calculation agent]]  
Interests of the Lead Manager(s)/other subscription 
place/other parties taking part in the issue:  
Tranche 1: [The customary sector connected 
commercial interest / possible other interest]  
[Tranche [ ]: [The customary sector connected 
commercial interest / possible other interest]] 
Currency of the Notes:  
[EUR] [●]].  
Maximum principal amount of this Series of Notes: 
[EUR] [●].  
Principal amount of each Tranche of Notes: 
Tranche 1: [EUR] [●].  
[Tranche [   ]: [EUR] [●]]. 
Number of book-entry units of each Tranche of 
Notes:  
Tranche 1: [●]  
[Tranche [   ]: [●]]  
Priority of the Notes:  
[Same as with other unsecured liabilities of the 
Issuer][Same as with all other obligations of the Issuer 
in respect of mortgage-backed notes covered in 
accordance with the MCBA (including pursuant to 
Sections 25 and 26 of the MCBA) as well as all 
Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity 
Loans].  
Form of the Notes:  
Book-entry securities of Euroclear Finland’s Infinity 
book-entry security system. 
Denomination of book-entry unit:  
[●][minimum EUR 100,000] 
Payment of subscription:  
[Subscriptions shall be paid for as instructed in 
connection with the subscription] / [The subscription 
shall be paid at the time of the subscription]  
Issue Date of each Tranche of Notes:  
Tranche 1: [●]  
[Tranche [   ]: [●]] 
Issue Price of each Tranche of Notes:  
Tranche 1: [●]  
[Tranche [   ]: [●]] 
Amount and manner of redemption:  
The nominal amount of principal of the Notes.  
[The Notes will be repaid in one instalment.] [The 
Notes will be repaid in several instalments [specify the 
amounts of the instalments].]

--- Page 41 ---
40 
Maturity Date:  
[●]  
Extended Final Maturity:  
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
Extended Final Maturity Date:  
[In accordance with Condition 4, if the Issuer notifies 
the Issuer Agent that it will not redeem a Series of 
Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date or within 
two Business Days thereafter, the maturity of the 
nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds 
will be extended automatically to the Extended Final 
Maturity Date. In that event, the interest rate payable 
on, and the Interest Periods and Interest Payment 
Dates, in respect of the Covered Bonds, will change 
from those that applied up to the Maturity Date and 
the Issuer may redeem all or part of the nominal 
amount outstanding of those Covered Bonds on any 
Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the 
Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Final 
Maturity Date, all in accordance with Condition 4.1.]  
[Insert Extended Final Maturity Date]  
Interest:  
[Specify here, if the Notes are so-called zero-coupon 
Notes, or which general note terms, either Condition 
8.1 (Fixed rate interest) or Condition 8.2 (Floating 
reference rate interest), is applied and include 
required details as follows:  
 
Condition 8.1 (Fixed rate interest):  
Interest rate [●] per annum 
[The date when the first Interest Period starts, if not 
the same as the issue Date]  
Interest Payment Date(s) [●] 
 
Condition 8.2 (Floating reference rate interest):  
[EURIBOR]  
[OTHER: LIBOR/STIBOR/CIBOR/NIBOR] of [●] 
months  
Margin [●]  
Regarding OTHER: for each Interest Period the 
OTHER interest will be determined two (2) Business 
Days before the start of the Interest Period in 
question.  
[The date when the first Interest Period starts, if not 
the same as the issue Date]  
Interest Payment Date(s)[●] 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/actual (ICMA / ISDA); Actual/365; Actual/360, 
Eurobond rule or 30/360] / [Not applicable]  
Minimum/maximum amount of interest:  
[Applicable / Not applicable If applicable, specify 
minimum/maximum amount]  
Business Day Convention:  
[Following / Modified Following / Preceding]  
Delivery of book-entry securities:  
The time when the book-entry securities are recorded 
in the book-entry security accounts specified by the 
subscribers is estimated to be:

--- Page 42 ---
41 
Tranche 1: [●]  
[Tranche [   ]: [●]] 
ISIN code of the Series of Notes:  
[●]  
Extended Final Maturity Interest Provisions:  
[Applicable (from and including) the Maturity Date to 
(but excluding) the Extended Final Maturity Date / Not 
Applicable]  
a) Fixed Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]  
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of Fixed Rate Provisions)  
i) Rate of interest: 
[●] per annum.   
ii) Interest Payment Date(s) : 
[●] 
iii) Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/actual (ICMA / ISDA); Actual/365; Actual/360, 
Eurobond rule or 30/360] / [Not applicable]]  
iv) Business Day Convention: 
[Following / Modified Following / Preceding]  
b) Floating Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraph 
of Floating Rate Provisions)  
i) Rate of interest: 
[EURIBOR] 
[OTHER:LIBOR/STIBOR/CIBOR/NIBOR] of [●] 
months  
Margin [●] 
Regarding OTHER: for each Interest Period the 
OTHER interest will be determined two (2) Business 
Days before the start of the Interest Period in 
question. 
ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
iii) Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/actual (ICMA / ISDA); Actual/365; Actual/360, 
Eurobond rule or 30/360] / [Not applicable]] 
iv) Minimum/maximum amount of interest: 
[Applicable / Not applicable. If applicable, specify 
minimum/maximum amount]  
v) Business Day Convention: 
[Following / Modified Following / Preceding] 
 
Other Information 
This information of the Series of the Notes is presented in connection with the issue of each Tranche of the 
Series of Notes. 
Decisions and authority based on which Notes are 
issued: 
 
Based on the authorisation dated [●] of the Issuer’s 
Board of Directors / Based on the resolution of the 
Issuer’s Board of Directors dated on [●]] in respect of 
Tranche 1 [and [●] in respect of Tranche [   ]]  
Subscription period: 
Tranche 1: [●] 
 
[Tranche [  ]: [●]] 
Yield: 
Tranche 1: The effective interest yield to the investor 
on the Issue Date, when the issue price is 100 per 
cent, is [●] per cent / [zero coupon] / [Not applicable]

--- Page 43 ---
42 
[Tranche [   ]:The effective interest yield to the investor 
on the Issue Date, when the issue price is 100 per 
cent, is [●] per cent / [zero coupon] / [Not applicable]] 
Credit rating of the Notes: 
[●] / [Not applicable] / [Expected] 
Listing: 
[Shall] / [Shall not] be applied for listing on the Helsinki 
Stock Exchange] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
Use of Proceeds: 
[General corporate purposes] / [●] 
Estimated time of listing: 
 
Estimate of the total expenses related to the 
admission to trading: 
Tranche 1: [●]/ [Not applicable] 
[Tranche [  ]: [●]/ [Not applicable]] 
Tranche 1: EUR [●] 
[Tranche [  ]: EUR [●]] 
In [                ], on [           ] 202[  ] 
 
OMA SAVINGS BANK PLC 
 
________________________ 
 
 
 
 
__________________________

--- Page 44 ---
43 
FINNISH COVERED BOND ACT 
The following is a brief summary of the Covered Bond Act (in Finnish: Laki kiinnitysluottopankeista ja katetuista 
joukkolainoista, (151/2022)) that implements the Covered Bond Directive (EU) 2019/2162 into national 
legislation. The summary is based on the documents concerning the legislative process in respect of the 
Covered Bond Act available on the date of this Base Prospectus and all features presented below in respect 
of the Covered Bond Act are subject to changes in the legislative process. It is intended that the Covered Bond 
Act repeals the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity (in Finnish: Laki kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 
688/2010) once it starts to apply. In addition, the summary does not purport to be, and is not, a complete 
description of all aspects of the Finnish legislative and regulatory framework for covered notes under the 
Covered Bond Act. Please also refer to the “Risk Factors” and “Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity”. 
The terms defined in this section apply in the context of this section only.  
Background 
The EU covered bond framework consisting of Directive (EU) 2019/2162 on the issue of covered bonds and 
covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (the "Covered Bond 
Directive") and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards exposures in 
the form of covered bonds (the "CRR Amendment Regulation") came into effect on 7 January 2020. The 
implementation of the Covered Bond Directive in the national legislation is required to be completed by the EU 
Member States by 8 July 2021. and such legislation is required to be applied on 8 July 2022 at the latest. The 
CRR Amendment Regulation shall be applied as of 8 July 2022. 
The Covered Bond Directive establishes a common definition of a covered bond for the purposes of 
constructing a coherent and sufficiently detailed starting point for prudential regulation, replacing the current 
definition of a covered bond in Article 52(4) of the Directive 2009/65/EC of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 13 July 2009 on the coordination of laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to 
undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities (the "UCITS Directive"). The Covered Bond 
Directive further defines the structural elements of covered bonds and contains provisions on public 
supervision of covered bonds. Additionally, the Covered Bond Directive sets out certain conditions on 
extendable maturity structures of covered bonds and introduces a new requirement for a cover pool liquidity 
buffer consisting of liquid assets available to cover the maximum cumulative net liquidity outflow of the covered 
bond programme over the course of 180 days. Subject to certain conditions, the Covered Bond Directive further 
allows the grandfathering of covered bonds which comply with Article 52(4) of the UCITS Directive and which 
have been issued before 8 July 2022. 
The CRR Amendment Regulation, in turn, inter alia, amends Article 129 of CRR and certain provisions related 
thereof, resulting in tightening the criteria applied to covered bonds benefitting from a preferential capital 
treatment under the CRR regime and establishing a new requirement of a minimum overcollateralisation of the 
cover pool being 2 per cent. or 5 per cent. depending on the assets included in the cover pool. The CRR 
Amendment Regulation will be applicable as of 8 July 2022. It is expected that the Covered Bond Directive will 
be implemented into national legislation of Finland by enacting the Covered Bond Act. The Covered Bond Act 
(in Finnish: Laki kiinnitysluottopankeista ja katetuista joukkolainoista, 151/2022) will start to apply on 8 July 
2022 and that it repeals the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity (in Finnish: Laki 
kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta 688/2010) (“MCBA”). Covered Bonds issued before the Covered Bond Act 
enters into force are governed by MCBA. The Issuer intends to initiate a process where all the outstanding 
Covered Bonds governed by the MCBA are amended to be governed by the Covered Bond Act. 
Supervision 
The FIN-FSA is responsible for supervising each issuer’s compliance with the Covered Bond Act and may 
issue regulations for risk management and internal control in respect of mortgage credit business operations. 
If an issuer does not comply with the provisions of the Covered Bond Act or the conditions of the license 
granted by the FIN-FSA, the FIN-FSA shall lay down a period in which the issuer must fulfil any requirements 
set by the FIN-FSA. If such requirements are not fulfilled within the set period, the FIN-FSA may cancel the 
issuer’s authorisation to engage in mortgage credit business. 
Authorisation  
 
The issuing of covered notes under the Covered Bond Act requires that the issuer has a separate license for 
mortgage banking activity which is applied from the FIN-FSA. OmaSp has applied for the license under the

--- Page 45 ---
44 
Covered Bond Act on 30 March 2022. Mortgage credit business is a line of banking business which involves 
the issuing of covered notes on the basis of loans secured by residential property, shares in Finnish housing 
companies (apartments), commercial real estate or shares in real estate companies as well as the acquisition 
of claims against public-sector bodies. A credit institution must fulfil certain requirements prescribed in the 
Covered Bond Act in order to be able to obtain authorisation from the FIN-FSA to engage in mortgage credit 
business. The FIN-FSA shall grant the authorization, if, based on the evidence obtained from the credit 
institution, it can be assured of, among other things, that the business plan presented by the issuer is 
sufficiently comprehensive, that the credit institution has in place suitable procedures and instruments for 
managing the risk entailed in holding the assets in the Cover Asset Pool(s), that mortgage banking activity is 
being conducted in accordance with the Covered Bond Act and the regulations given by virtue of it, and that 
the activity of the credit institution is stable and that its economic position and operational capability are 
sufficient to secure the repayment of covered notes. Moreover, the FIN-FSA shall be assured that the register 
of covered notes of the issuer fulfils the statutory requirements, and the issuer must have principles and policies 
for valuation of collateral and the expertise and professional skill required by mortgage banking activity. 
Additionally, the FIN-FSA may grant the authorization only if it is not aware of anything, pursuant to which the 
liquidity, solvency, or the economic position otherwise or the risk management of the issuer or the debtor of 
an intermediary loan would be jeopardized. In addition to credit institutions authorised separately to engage in 
mortgage credit business, also mortgage credit banks whose activities are exclusively restricted to carrying 
out mortgage credit business are entitled to issue covered notes after receiving the authorization referred to in 
Section 8 of the Covered Bond Act. 
Register of Covered notes 
The Covered Bond Act requires the issuer to maintain a register (the “Register”) for the covered notes and 
the collateral which forms the assets in the Cover Asset Pool for the Covered Bonds. Any intermediary loan 
shall also be entered in the Register. The actual entry of the covered notes and relevant derivative contracts 
in the Register is necessary to confer the preferential right in the Cover Asset Pool. Further, only assets entered 
into the Register form part of the Cover Asset Pool.  
The Register must list, amongst other things, the covered notes issued by the issuer and the assets in the 
Cover Asset Pool and Derivative Transactions relating thereto along with any Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans 
entered into on behalf of the issuer. Furthermore, as the issuer is, pursuant to Section 29 of the Covered Bond 
Act, entitled to use different Cover Asset Pools for different covered notes, the Register must also specify 
which Cover Asset Pools constitute collateral for which covered notes. In other words, the collateral shall be 
entered in the Register as collateral for specified covered notes.  Only the issuer or the credit institution being 
the debtor of an intermediary loan is entitled to provide security to a covered note. Moreover, after the 
commencement of a bankruptcy or a liquidation of the issuer or the debtor of an intermediary loan, the funds 
accrued on the collateral shall be separated from other assets of the credit institution having given the collateral 
in question, and they shall be entered into the Register.   
The FIN-FSA monitors the management of the Register, including the due and proper recording of assets. The 
information in the Register must be submitted to the FIN-FSA regularly. 
Eligible covered pool assets 
The covered notes shall be covered at all times by a specific pool of qualifying assets. Eligible assets which 
are permitted as collateral for covered notes consist of Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans and Substitute 
Collateral, each as defined in the Covered Bond Act as follows: 
Mortgage Loans are Housing Loans or Commercial Real Estate Loans.  
Housing Loans are, provided that the requirements set out in Article 129 of the CRR are met, loans secured 
by (i) mortgageable property for primarily residential purposes referred to in Chapter 16, Section 1 or Chapter 
19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code (Maakaari 540/1995, as amended); or (ii) shares in a housing company 
referred to in Chapter 1, Section 2 of the Finnish Act on Housing Companies (Asunto-osakeyhtiölaki 
1599/2009, as amended) or shares comparable thereto, participations and rights of occupancy; or (iii) collateral 
comparable to the aforementioned collateral, situated in another State belonging to the European Economic 
Area. 
Commercial Real Estate Loans are, provided that the requirements set out in Article 129 of the CRR are 
met, loans secured by (i) mortgageable real estate for commercial or office purposes referred to in Chapter 
16, Section 1 or Chapter 19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code (Maakaari 540/1995, as amended); or (ii)

--- Page 46 ---
45 
shares of a housing company or a real estate company referred to in Chapter 28, Section 2 of the Finnish Act 
on Housing Companies (Asunto-osakeyhtiölaki 1599/2009, as amended) entitling the holder to occupancy of 
the commercial or office premises; or (iii) collateral comparable to the aforementioned collateral, situated in 
another State belonging to the European Economic Area. For the avoidance of doubt, OmaSp does not grant 
Commercial Real Estate Loans that would be part of the Cover Asset Pool. 
 
Public-Sector Loans are loans (i) which have been granted to a state, municipality, central bank or other 
public-sector entity provided that such fulfils the requirements prescribed in Article 129, Paragraph 1, 
Subparagraph (a) or (b) of CRR or (ii) fully collateralised by a guarantee as for its own debt by a public-sector 
entity referred to in point (i).   
 
At most 10 per cent of the total nominal amount of collateral in a Cover Asset Pool may consist of Commercial 
Real Estate Loans (unless otherwise agreed in the terms and conditions of the notes) and at most 20 per cent 
of the total nominal amount of collateral in a Cover Asset Pool may consist of Substitute Collateral. The FIN-
FSA may grant an exemption from the requirement in respect of Substitute Collateral. 
 
Substitute Collateral may only be used as collateral for covered notes on a temporary basis and in the 
circumstances set out in the MCBA (see “Substitute Collateral” below).  
 
Derivative Transactions concluded for hedging against risks related to covered notes must be registered in 
the Register and therefore constitute part of the assets in the Cover Asset Pool.  
 
Quality of the cover pool assets 
 
Mortgage lending limit and valuation 
 
It is not possible to directly record collateral for an individual covered note. Pursuant to the Covered Bond Act, 
collateral shall be included in a Cover Asset Pool and each covered note can simultaneously only belong to 
one Cover Asset Pool. However, an issuer is entitled to cover several covered notes with one Cover Asset 
Pool.   
A Mortgage Loan entered into the Cover Asset Pool as collateral for a covered note may not exceed the current 
value of the shares, housing property or commercial real estate standing as collateral at the time of recording 
the asset into the Cover Asset Pool. The current value shall be calculated using good property evaluation 
practice applicable to credit institutions in accordance with provisions on the management of capital adequacy 
and credit risk of credit institutions issued by the FIN-FSA. Therefore, the issuer is not obliged to remove a 
Mortgage Loan from the Cover Asset Pool of a specific covered note due to the collateral’s future performance 
under the Covered Bond Act. Pursuant to the preparatory works of the Covered Bond Act, if the issuer 
technically executes the evaluation of the whole Cover Asset Pool on a regular basis, the decisive point of time 
is considered to be the moment when the collateral was first technically recorded in the Cover Asset Pool.   
Requirements for matching cover  
The Covered Bond Act seeks to protect covered noteholders by requiring that the outstanding principal amount 
and net present value of the covered notes must be covered at all times by matching assets in the Cover Asset 
Pool. This is achieved by Section 24 of the Covered Bond Act which provides that (a) the total value of Cover 
Asset Pool must always exceed the liabilities under the covered notes and (b) the net present value of Cover 
Asset Pool must always be at least 2 per cent above the net present value of the liabilities under the covered 
notes. Moreover, if the requirements prescribed in Article 129, Paragraph 3 a, Subparagraph 3 of CRR are not 
fulfilled, the net present value of Cover Asset Pool must be at least 5 per cent above the net present value of 
the liabilities. The net present value shall also cover the estimated costs in relation winding-down of the covered 
notes. In calculating the total value of the Cover Asset Pool, the following limitations apply: 
1) at most 80 per cent of the underlying value of the shares or the real estate securing each Housing 
Loan;  
2) at the most 60 per cent of the value of the shares or the real estate securing each Commercial Real 
Estate Loan; and  
3) the book value of the Public-Sector Loans and the Substitute Collateral, may be taken into account.

--- Page 47 ---
46 
Requirements relating to liquidity 
Under Section 31 of the Covered Bond Act, the issuer shall ensure that the Cover Asset Pool continuously 
includes such amount of Substitute Collateral that covers the maximum net outflow connected to covered notes 
during the upcoming 180-day period (liquidity requirement). In calculating the net outflow connected to the 
covered notes, the issuer may take into account the extension of the maturity of any covered notes in 
accordance with Section 32 of the Covered Bond Act up to the final maturity date. Before the commencement 
of liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings against the issuer or a debtor of an intermediary loan, a mortgage 
credit bank may, in respect of collateral granted by a debtor of an intermediary loan, treat the interest payments 
on the intermediary loans as being the interest accrued from such collateral. 
Determination of requirements under Sections 23 and 31 of the Covered Bond Act 
To determine the value of the Cover Asset Pool in order to provide the matching cover required by Sections 23 
and 31 of the Covered Bond Act, the issuer shall only take into account: 
1) an amount not exceeding 80 per cent of the current value of the shares or housing property placed 
as collateral for any Housing Loan; 
2) an amount not exceeding 60 per cent of the current value of real estate for commercial or office 
purposes placed as collateral for any Commercial Real Estate Loan; and 
3) the book value of any Public-Sector Loans and Substitute Collateral. 
Derivative Transactions concluded in order to hedge the covered notes and any assets provided as collateral 
for the Derivative Transaction shall be taken into account for the purposes of Sections 23 and 31 of the Covered 
Bond Act. 
Substitute Collateral 
Up to 20 per cent of the aggregate amount of all assets constituting the statutory security for the covered notes 
conferred by the Covered Bond Act may temporarily consist of Substitute Collateral. However, in case 
Substitute Collateral is used to fulfil the liquidity requirement, the limit of 20 per cent of Substitute Collateral 
does not apply pursuant to Section 22 of the Covered Bond Act. Substitute Collateral may include: (a) assets 
qualifying as level 1, level 2A or level 2B assets pursuant to the applicable delegated regulation adopted 
pursuant to Article 460 of CRR; and (b) short-term exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality 
step 1 or 2, or short-term deposits to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, 2 or 3, in accordance 
with point (c) of Article 129(1) of CRR. However, Substitute Collateral may not include assets that are issued 
by the credit institution issuing the covered bonds itself, its parent undertaking, other than a public sector entity 
that is not a credit institution, its subsidiary or another subsidiary of its parent undertaking or by a securitisation 
special purpose entity with which the credit institution has close links. The use of Substitute Collateral is 
regarded as temporary provided that (i) Mortgage Loans or Public-Sector Loans have not yet been granted or 
registered as collateral for the covered notes; or (ii) the total amount of collateral does not fulfil the requirements 
set out in Chapter 4 of the Covered Bond Act. The instruments included in Substitute Collateral shall fulfil the 
requirements prescribed in Article 129 of CRR both individually and as a whole, among other limitations set 
on the aggregated amount of credit institution and public sector counterparty risks. 
Extension of maturity (soft bullet) 
Pursuant to Section 32 of the Covered Bond Act, the terms and conditions of a covered note may include a 
provision that enables the issuer to extend the maturity of a covered note subject to certain conditions, including 
the approval of the FIN-FSA. In addition, the conditions for extension of maturity include, among others, that 
the issuer is unable to obtain long-term financing from ordinary sources, the issuer is unable to meet the 
liquidity requirement set out in the Covered Bond Act if it makes payments towards the principal and interest 
of the maturing covered note and that the extension of maturity does not affect the sequence in which the 
issuer’s covered notes from the same Cover Asset Pool are maturing. If the FIN-FSA’s determines that the 
conditions for extension have been fulfilled and it gives its approval to the extension, its resolution shall indicate 
the extended maturity date of such covered notes. 
Transitory provisions

--- Page 48 ---
47 
Pursuant to Section 51 of the Covered Bond Act, any covered notes issued in accordance with the MCBA will 
be governed by the provisions effect on the issue date of such covered notes save for certain exceptions set 
out in Sections 9 and 36 of the Covered Bond Act. However, an issuer may choose to apply the provisions of 
the Covered Bond Act also in respect of such covered notes if: 
1) the terms and conditions of the covered notes provide that the instruments are governed by the laws 
applicable from time to time to covered notes; 
2) the terms and conditions of the covered notes allow a change in the applicable law; or 
3) the issuer and the holders of the covered notes specifically agree that the Covered Bond Act applies 
to such covered notes. 
In case an issuer commences to apply the Covered Bond Act to any covered notes issued in accordance with 
the MCBA, it must give one month prior notice to the FIN-FSA and make an announcement thereto including 
the date on which the issuer commences application of the Covered Bond Act to such covered notes. 
Derivatives 
The issuer may enter into Derivative Transactions to hedge against the risks relating to covered notes or their 
underlying collateral. Details of any such derivatives must be entered in the Register. 
Set-off 
A creditor of the issuer may not set-off its claim against a Mortgage Loan or a Public-Sector Loan entered in 
the Register if it is within the scope of the priority of payment of the holders of covered notes as provided for 
in Section 35 of the Covered Bond Act nor against an intermediary loan.  
Prohibition on transfers, pledges, execution and precautionary measures 
The issuer or the debtor under an intermediary loan may not, without the permission of the FIN-FSA, assign 
or pledge Mortgage Loans or Public-Sector Loans which are included in the Cover Asset Pool. A mortgage 
credit bank may not assign or pledge any intermediary loan without the permission of the FIN-FSA. An 
assignment or pledge violating such prohibition shall be void. 
A Mortgage Loan, a Public-Sector Loan or any Substitute Collateral entered in the Register as collateral for a 
covered note or an intermediary loan may not be taken in execution for a debt of an issuer, a deposit bank or 
a credit institution nor may precautionary measures be directed at it. 
Preferential right in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy 
Under Finnish law, liquidation (in Finnish “selvitystila”) means either a voluntary winding up of a company or a 
winding up pursuant to specific provisions of Finnish law and bankruptcy (in Finnish “konkurssi”) means the 
mandatory winding up of a company in the event of its insolvency. 
Under Sections 20 and 39 of the Covered Bond Act, notwithstanding the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer, 
a covered note shall be paid until its maturity in accordance with the terms and conditions of the covered note 
from the funds accruing on the Cover Asset Pool of the covered note before other claims. The same applies 
to Derivatives Transactions. The funds accruing from collateral for covered notes after the commencement of 
liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings against the issuer shall be entered in the Register as collateral for such 
covered notes. In bankruptcy proceedings the bankruptcy administrator must ensure due maintenance of the 
Register. 
Collateral entered in the Register in accordance with the Covered Bond Act may not be recovered pursuant to 
the Finnish Act on Recovery of Assets to a Bankruptcy Estate (in Finnish: Laki takaisinsaannista 
konkurssipesään 758/1991, as amended). 
Pursuant to Section 20 of the Covered Bond Act, Mortgage Loans are included in the Cover Asset Pool for a 
covered note for their total value. 
What is set out above in respect of Section 20 of the Covered Bond Act applies mutatis mutandis to the 
counterparties of the Derivative Transactions entered in the Cover Asset Pool and to the providers of any loan 
securing liquidity for the issuer in liquidation or bankruptcy (each such loan being a “Bankruptcy Liquidity

--- Page 49 ---
48 
Loan”). These parties have an equal right with the holders of the covered notes to payment from the funds, 
entered in the Register as collateral for the covered notes, and from the payments relating to them, and 
accordingly, such Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans rank pari passu with the covered 
notes with respect to such assets in the Cover Asset Pool. 
The bankruptcy administrator may, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor appointed by the 
FIN-FSA (see Management of Cover Pool Assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer), transfer 
collateral entered in the Cover Asset Pool of the relevant covered notes to the issuer’s general bankruptcy 
estate, if the value and the net present value of the Cover Asset Pool, as provided for in Section 45 of the 
Covered Bond Act, considerably exceed the total amount of the covered notes and it is apparent that the 
collateral to be transferred shall not be necessary to fulfil the obligations in respect of the covered notes, 
Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans. 
Management of Cover Pool Assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer 
When the issuer has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, the FIN-FSA shall, without delay, 
appoint a supervisor in accordance with Section 29 of the Finnish Act on the Financial Supervisory Authority 
(Laki finanssivalvonnasta 878/2008, as amended) to protect the interests of creditors of covered notes and 
creditor entities comparable to such and to enforce their right to be heard (a supervisor). The supervisor shall, 
in particular, supervise the management of the collateral for the covered notes and their conversion into cash 
as well as the contractual payments to be made to the holders of the covered notes. The person to be 
appointed as a supervisor shall have sufficient knowledge of financing and legal issues with regard to the 
nature and scope of the duties. The remuneration of the supervisor shall be decided by the FIN-FSA, and the 
issuer is responsible for the payment of the remuneration. The payment of the remuneration is secured by the 
Cover Asset Pool(s). Should the FIN-FSA pay the remuneration on behalf of the issuer, the right to claim 
payment of the remuneration would be transferred to the FIN-FSA and the corresponding priority in respect of 
the Cover Asset Pool would be preserved. The FIN-FSA shall always take steps to appoint an administrator, 
when the issuer has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings. 
In bankruptcy proceedings the courts will by operation of law appoint a bankruptcy administrator to administer 
the bankruptcy estate. The Cover Asset Pool will be run by the bankruptcy administrator, but the supervisor 
will supervise the bankruptcy administrator, acting in the interest of the noteholders. Under Section 44 of the 
Covered Bond Act, a bankruptcy administrator shall, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, 
conclude Derivative Transactions necessary for hedging against risks relating to covered notes and the 
relevant collateral as well as, where necessary, sell a sufficient amount of collateral for the covered note in 
order to fulfil the obligations relating to the covered note. In addition, a bankruptcy administrator shall, upon 
the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, have a right to conclude contractual arrangements to secure 
liquidity or take out Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans. 
Funds which accrue on the collateral of covered notes after the commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the issuer and the bank accounts related to the collateral and its income shall be entered in the Register 
under the relevant Cover Asset Pool. Correspondingly, a Bankruptcy Liquidity Loan taken under Section 44 of 
the Covered Bond Act and each bank account into which any such funds are deposited shall be entered in the 
Register. 
If the matching cover requirements of the collateral of a covered note cannot be fulfilled due to the issuer or 
the debtor of an intermediary loan being in bankruptcy or liquidation, the bankruptcy administrator and the 
liquidator in liquidation shall, on the demand or approval of the supervisor, accelerate the covered notes and 
the intermediary loans connected thereto as well as sell the funds being collateral for each covered note for 
their payment. The bankruptcy administrator or the liquidator in liquidation is entitled, upon demand or approval 
by the supervisor, to apply from the FIN-FSA for a permission to extend the maturity of a covered note, if the 
covered note includes a condition referred to in Section 32 of the Covered Bond Act, pursuant to which the 
issuer can, on the permission granted by the FIN-FSA, extend the maturity of the covered note upon fulfilment 
of the conditions included in Section 32 of the Covered Bond Act. 
A bankruptcy administrator has the right to terminate or transfer a Derivative Transaction to a third party on 
the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, provided that the collateral is transferred or converted into 
cash, or a right to transfer collateral to the counterparty in the Derivative Transaction when the interests of the 
holder of the covered notes demands such and it is reasonable from the perspective of risk management.

--- Page 50 ---
49 
If the requirements for the Cover Asset Pool of the covered notes, as provided for in Sections 23 and 31 of the 
Covered Bond Act, cannot be fulfilled, the bankruptcy administrator must, upon the request or approval of the 
supervisor, accelerate the covered notes and sell the Cover Asset Pool assets in order to pay the covered 
notes.

--- Page 51 ---
50 
 
FINNISH ACT ON MORTGAGE CREDIT BANK ACTIVITY 
The following is a brief summary of certain provisions of the Finnish Act on Mortgage Credit Bank Activity (in 
Finnish: Laki kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminnasta, (688/2010)), as amended, which will be repealed by the 
Covered Bond Act on 8 July 2022. Covered Bonds issued before the Covered Bond Act enters into force will 
remain governed by MCBA. The summary does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all 
aspects of the Finnish legislative and regulatory framework for covered bonds. Please also refer to the section 
“Risk Factors”. and “Finnish Covered Bond Act”. The terms defined in this section apply in the context of this 
section only. 
 
General  
 
The MCBA entered into force on 1 August 2010. It enables the issue of covered notes (in Finnish: katetut 
joukkolainat) which are debt instruments secured by a cover pool of qualifying assets (the “Cover Asset 
Pool”). The MCBA regulates which assets can be used as collateral for the covered notes and the quality of 
such assets. They are issued by credit institutions (such as the Issuer) which are authorised to engage in 
mortgage banking activity (in Finnish: kiinnitysluottopankkitoiminta) (each “an issuer”).  
 
Supervision  
 
The FIN-FSA is responsible for supervising each issuer’s compliance with the MCBA and may issue 
regulations for risk management and internal control in respect of mortgage credit bank business operations. 
If an issuer does not comply with the provisions of the MCBA or the conditions of the license granted by the 
FIN-FSA, the FIN-FSA shall lay down a period in which the issuer must fulfil any requirements set by the FIN-
FSA. If such requirements are not fulfilled within the set period, the FIN-FSA may cancel the issuer’s 
authorisation to engage in mortgage credit bank business.  
  
Authorisation  
 
Mortgage credit bank business is a line of banking business, which involves the issuing of covered notes on 
the basis of loans secured by residential property, shares in Finnish housing companies (apartments), 
commercial real estate or shares in real estate companies as well as the acquisition of claims against public-
sector bodies. A credit institution must fulfil certain requirements prescribed in the MCBA in order to obtain 
authorisation from the FIN-FSA to engage in mortgage credit bank business. The credit institution must, among 
other things, have in place suitable procedures and instruments for managing the risk entailed in holding the 
assets in the Cover Asset Pool and in issuing covered notes. The credit institution must also prove that it 
intends to engage in mortgage credit bank business on a regular and sustained basis and it must have put the 
appropriate organisational structure and resources into place. In addition to credit institutions authorised 
separately to engage in mortgage credit bank business, also mortgage credit banks whose activities are 
exclusively restricted to carrying out mortgage credit bank business are entitled to issue covered notes.  
 
Register of covered notes 
 
The MCBA requires the issuer to maintain a register (the “Register”) for the covered notes and the collateral 
which forms the assets in the Cover Asset Pool for the Covered Bonds. Any intermediary loan (see 
Intermediary Loans below) shall also be entered in the Register. The actual entry of the covered notes and 
relevant derivative contracts (the “Derivative Transactions”) in the Register is necessary to confer the 
preferential right in the Cover Asset Pool. Further, only assets entered into the Register form part of the Cover 
Asset Pool.  
 
The Register must list, amongst other things, the covered notes issued by the issuer and the assets in the 
Cover Asset Pool and Derivative Transactions relating thereto along with any bankruptcy liquidity loans (the 
“Banktruptcy Liquidity Loans”) entered into on behalf of the issuer. All assets entered in the Register shall 
rank equally as collateral for the covered notes, unless the collateral has been entered in the Register as 
collateral for specified covered notes. If a Mortgage Loan, a Public-Sector Loan or any Substitute Collateral 
(all as defined below) is placed on the Register as collateral for a particular covered note, the Register must 
specify the covered note which this collateral covers. Section 22 of the MCBA requires that the information 
shall be entered in the Register no later than on the first business day following the issue of the covered note

--- Page 52 ---
51 
and information on the granting or acquisition of a Mortgage Loan or Public-Sector Loan or a Substitute 
Collateral which is placed as collateral for the covered notes shall be entered in the Register no later than on 
the first business day following the granting or acquiring of such collateral. Any changes in such information 
shall be entered in the Register without delay. A Mortgage Loan or a Public-Sector Loan shall be removed 
from the Register when it has been fully repaid by the relevant borrower. A loan shall also be removed from 
the Register if it can no longer be deemed to be an eligible asset. A Mortgage Loan, a Public-Sector Loan or 
any Substitute Collateral may also be removed from the Register, if, after its removal, the remaining Mortgage 
Loans, Public-Sector Loans and Substitute Collateral entered in the Register are sufficient to meet the 
requirements prescribed in the MCBA. Accordingly, the Cover Asset Pool is dynamic in the sense that an 
issuer may supplement or substitute assets in the Cover Asset Pool.  
 
The FIN-FSA monitors the management of the Register, including the due and proper recording of assets. The 
information in the Register must be submitted to the FIN-FSA regularly.  
 
Eligible cover pool assets  
 
The covered notes shall be covered at all times by a specific pool of qualifying assets. Eligible assets which 
are permitted as collateral for covered notes consist of Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans and Substitute 
Collateral, each as defined in the MCBA as follows:  
 
Mortgage Loans are Housing Loans or Commercial Real Estate Loans.  
 
Housing Loans are loans secured by (i) mortgageable property for primarily residential purposes referred to 
in Chapter 16, Section 1 or Chapter 19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code (maakaari 540/1995, as amended); 
or (ii) shares in a housing company referred to in Chapter 1, Section 2 of the Finnish Act on Housing 
Companies (asunto-osakeyhtiölaki 1599/2009, as amended) or shares comparable thereto, participations and 
rights of occupancy; or (iii) collateral comparable to the aforementioned collateral, situated in another State 
belonging to the European Economic Area.  
 
Commercial Real Estate Loans are loans secured by (i) mortgageable real estate for commercial or office 
purposes referred to in Chapter 16, Section 1 or Chapter 19, Section 1 of the Finnish Land Code (maakaari 
540/1995, as amended); or (ii) shares of a housing company or a real estate company entitling the holder to 
occupancy of the commercial or office premises; or (iii) collateral comparable to the aforementioned collateral, 
situated in another State belonging to the European Economic Area. For the avoidance of doubt, OmaSp does 
not grant Commercial Real Estate Loans that would be part of the Cover Asset Pool.  
 
Public-Sector Loans are loans which have been granted to the Republic of Finland, a Finnish municipality or 
other public-sector entity which may, when calculating prudential requirements set out in Regulation (EU) No. 
575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) 648/2012, be considered equivalent to the Finnish State or 
Finnish municipality or a credit which is fully collateralised by a guarantee granted by a public-sector entity or 
a claim on such entity.  
 
At least 90 per cent of the total amount of collateral shall be Housing Loans or Public-Sector Loans or 
Substitute Collateral unless otherwise provided for in the terms and conditions of a covered note.  
 
Substitute Collateral may only be used as collateral for covered notes on a temporary basis and in the 
circumstances set out in the MCBA (see “Substitute Collateral” below).  
 
Derivative Transactions concluded for hedging against risks related to covered notes must be registered in 
the Register and therefore constitute part of the assets in the Cover Asset Pool.  
 
Quality of the cover pool assets  
 
Mortgage lending limit and valuation  
 
A Mortgage Loan entered in the Register as collateral for a covered note may not exceed the current value of 
the shares, housing property or commercial real estate standing as collateral. The current value shall be 
calculated using good property evaluation practice applicable to credit institutions in accordance with

--- Page 53 ---
52 
provisions on the management of capital adequacy and credit risk of credit institutions issued by the FIN-FSA. 
The issuer shall regularly monitor the value of the shares, housing property or commercial real estate entered 
as collateral for the covered notes and revise the value of the collateral in accordance with provisions on the 
management of capital adequacy of credit institutions issued by the FIN-FSA.  
Requirements for matching cover  
 
The MCBA seeks to protect covered noteholders by requiring that the outstanding principal amount and net 
present value of the covered notes must be covered at all times by matching assets in the Cover Asset Pool. 
This is achieved by Section 16 of the MCBA which provides that (a) the total value of Cover Asset Pool must 
always exceed the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the covered notes and (b) the net present value 
of Cover Asset Pool must always be at least 2 per cent above the net present value of the liabilities under the 
covered notes.  
 
According to the preparatory works of the MCBA (HE 42/2010), the net present value means, in respect of (a) 
covered notes and (b) Mortgage Loans, Public-Sector Loans and Substitute Collateral, the total value of the 
future discounted cash flows applying the market rate of interest, prevailing from time to time.   
 
Requirements relating to liquidity  
 
Under Section 17 of the MCBA, the issuer shall ensure that the average maturity date of the covered notes 
does not exceed the average maturity date of the loans entered in the Register. Further, the issuer shall ensure 
that the total amount of interest accrued from the Cover Asset Pool, during any 12-month period, is sufficient 
to cover the total amount payable to the holders of covered notes as interest and to the counterparties of 
Derivative Transactions as payments under such Derivative Transactions. Before the commencement of 
liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings against the issuer or a debtor of an intermediary loan, a mortgage credit 
bank may, in respect of collateral granted by a debtor of an intermediary loan, treat the interest payments on 
the intermediary loans as being the interest accrued from such collateral.  
 
Determination of requirements under Sections 16 and 17 of the MCBA  
 
To determine the value of the Cover Asset Pool in order to provide the matching cover required by Sections 
16 and 17 of the MCBA, the issuer shall only take into account: 
 
(1) 
an amount not exceeding 70 per cent of the current value of the shares or housing property 
placed as collateral for any Housing Loan;  
(2) 
an amount not exceeding 60 per cent of the current value of real estate for commercial or office 
purposes placed as collateral for any Commercial Real Estate Loan; and   
(3) 
the book value of any Public-Sector Loans and Substitute Collateral.  
Loans that have been entered in the Register and which must be booked as non-performing loans at the time 
of review of such loans in accordance with the regulations issued by the FIN-FSA, shall no longer be included 
as Cover Asset Pool in calculating the matching cover.  
 
Derivative Transactions concluded in order to hedge the covered notes and any assets provided as collateral 
for the Derivative Transaction shall be taken into account for the purposes of Sections 16 and 17 of the MCBA. 
  
Substitute Collateral  
 
Up to 20 per cent of the aggregate amount of all assets constituting the statutory security for the covered notes 
conferred by the MCBA may temporarily consist of Substitute Collateral, provided that receivables from credit 
institutions shall not exceed 15 per cent (or such larger amount as may be approved by the FIN-FSA on the 
application of the issuer for a specific reason and for a specified period of time), of the total amount of collateral. 
Substitute Collateral may include: (i) bonds and other debt obligations issued by a central government, a 
municipality or another public-sector entity or a credit institution (other than one belonging to the same 
consolidated group as the Issuer); (ii) guarantees granted by a public-sector entity or a credit institution referred 
to in (i) above; (iii) credit insurance given by an insurance company other than one belonging to the same 
“group”, as defined in the Finnish Act on Supervision of Finance and Insurance Groups (in Finnish: laki 
rahoitus- ja vakuutusryhmittymien valvonnasta 699/2004, as amended), as the issuer; or (iv) assets of the

--- Page 54 ---
53 
issuer deposited in the Bank of Finland or a deposit bank; if the issuer is a deposit bank the deposit may not 
be in a deposit bank belonging to the same consolidated group as the issuer. Substitute Collateral may 
temporarily be used in situations where (i) Mortgage Loans or Public-Sector Loans have not yet been granted 
or registered as collateral for the covered notes; or (ii) the total amount of collateral does not fulfil the provisions 
provided for in Sections 16 and 17 of the MCBA.  
 
Derivatives  
 
The issuer may enter into Derivative Transactions to hedge against the risks relating to covered notes or their 
underlying collateral. Details of any such derivatives must be entered in the Register.  
 
Set-off  
 
A creditor of the issuer may not set-off its claim against a Mortgage Loan or a Public-Sector Loan entered in 
the Register if the loan is within the scope of the priority of payment of the holders of covered notes as provided 
for in Section 25 of the MCBA nor against an intermediary loan.  
 
Prohibition on transfers, pledges, execution and precautionary measures  
 
The issuer or the debtor under an intermediary loan may not, without the permission of the FIN-FSA, assign 
or pledge Mortgage Loans or Public-Sector Loans which are included in the Cover Asset Pool. A mortgage 
credit bank may not assign or pledge any intermediary loan without the permission of the FIN-FSA. An 
assignment or pledge violating such prohibition shall be void.  
 
A Mortgage Loan, a Public-Sector Loan or any Substitute Collateral entered in the Register as collateral for a 
covered note or an intermediary loan may not be taken in execution for a debt of an issuer, a deposit bank or 
a credit institution nor may precautionary measures be directed at it.  
 
Preferential right in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy  
 
Under Finnish law, liqudation (in Finnish “selvitystila”) means either a voluntary winding up of a company or a 
winding up pursuant to specific provisions of Finnish law and bankruptcy (in Finnish “konkurssi”) means the 
mandatory winding up of a company in the event of its insolvency.  
 
Under Section 25 of the MCBA, notwithstanding the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer, a covered note 
shall be paid until its maturity in accordance with the terms and conditions of the covered note from the funds 
accruing on the Cover Asset Pool of the covered note before other claims. The funds accruing from collateral 
for covered notes after the commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings against the issuer shall 
be entered in the Register as collateral for such covered notes. In bankruptcy proceedings the bankruptcy 
administrator must ensure due maintenance of the Register.  
 
Collateral entered in the Register in accordance with the MCBA may not be recovered pursuant to Section 14 
of the Finnish Act on Recovery of Assets to a Bankruptcy Estate (in Finnish: laki takaisinsaannista 
konkurssipesään 758/1991, as amended). In respect of each Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Asset Pool, 
the priority of payment right in accordance with Section 25 is limited to a maximum amount which corresponds 
to 70 per cent in respect of Housing Loans and to 60 per cent in respect of Commercial Real Estate Loans of 
the current value of respective collateral for the loan as entered in the Register at the time of commencement 
of liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings against the issuer. The bankruptcy administrator shall assign the 
share of payments out of any Mortgage Loan exceeding the preferential right to the general bankruptcy estate. 
According to the preparatory works of the MCBA, payments deriving from loans to be booked as non-
performing and proceeds from disposal of loans or enforcement of collateral shall nonetheless, firstly be used 
for payment of covered notes up to their preferential portion.  
 
What is set out above in respect of Section 25 of the MCBA applies mutatis mutandis to the counterparties of 
the Derivative Transactions entered in the Register and to the providers of any Bankruptcy Liquidity Loan for 
the issuer in liquidation or bankruptcy. These parties have an equal right with the holders of the covered notes 
to payment from the funds, entered in the Register as collateral for the covered notes, and from the payments 
relating to them, and accordingly, such Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans rank pari passu 
with the covered notes with respect to such assets in the Cover Asset Pool.

--- Page 55 ---
54 
 
The bankruptcy administrator may, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor appointed by the 
FIN-FSA (see Management of Cover Pool Assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer), transfer 
collateral entered in the Register of covered notes to the issuer’s general bankruptcy estate, if the value and 
the net present value of the Cover Asset Pool, as provided for in Section 16 of the MCBA, considerably exceed 
the total amount of the covered notes and it is apparent that the collateral to be transferred shall not be 
necessary to fulfil the obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds, Derivative Transactions and Bankruptcy 
Liquidity Loans.  
 
Management of Cover Pool Assets during the liquidation or bankruptcy of the issuer  
 
When the issuer has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, the FIN-FSA shall, without delay, 
appoint a supervisor in accordance with Section 29 of the Finnish Act on the Financial Supervisory Authority 
(laki Finanssivalvonnasta 878/2008, as amended) to protect the interests of creditors of covered notes and 
creditor entities comparable to such and to enforce their right to be heard (a “supervisor”). The supervisor 
shall, in particular, supervise the management of the collateral for the covered notes and its conversion into 
cash as well as the contractual payments to be made to the holders of the covered notes. The person to be 
appointed as a supervisor shall have sufficient knowledge of financing and legal issues with regard to the 
nature and scope of the duties.  
 
In bankruptcy proceedings the courts will by operation of law appoint a bankruptcy administrator to administer 
the bankruptcy estate. The Cover Asset Pool will be run by the bankruptcy administrator, but the supervisor 
will supervise the bankruptcy administrator, acting in the interest of the noteholders. Under Section 26 of the 
MCBA, a bankruptcy administrator shall, upon the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, conclude 
Derivative Transactions necessary for hedging against risks relating to covered notes and the relevant 
collateral as well as, where necessary, sell a sufficient amount of collateral for the covered note in order to 
fulfil the obligations relating to the covered note. In addition, a bankruptcy administrator shall, upon the demand 
or with the consent of the supervisor, have a right to conclude contractual arrangements to secure liquidity or 
take out Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans.  
 
Funds which accrue on the collateral of covered notes after the commencement of liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the issuer and the bank accounts related to the collateral and its income shall be entered in the Register. 
Correspondingly, a Bankruptcy Liquidity Loan taken under Section 26 of the MCBA and each bank account 
into which any such funds are deposited shall be entered in the Register.  
 
The bankruptcy administrator may, with the permission of the FIN-FSA, transfer the liability for a covered note 
and the corresponding collateral to another mortgage credit bank, deposit bank or credit institution that has 
acquired a licence to issue covered notes or to a foreign mortgage credit bank which is subject to supervision 
corresponding to that of the MCBA unless the terms of the covered note provide otherwise.  
 
A bankruptcy administrator has the right to terminate or transfer a Derivative Transaction to a third party on 
the demand or with the consent of the supervisor, provided that the collateral is transferred or converted into 
cash, or a right to transfer collateral to the counterparty in the Derivative Transaction when the interests of the 
holder of the covered notes demands such and it is reasonable from the perspective of risk management.  
 
If the requirements for the Cover Asset Pool of the covered notes, as provided for in Sections 16 and 17 of the 
MCBA, cannot be fulfilled, the bankruptcy administrator must, upon the request or approval of the supervisor, 
accelerate the covered notes and sell the Cover Asset Pool assets in order to pay the covered notes. 
 
Management of Cover Pool Assets upon the liquidation or bankruptcy of the debtor of an intermediary 
loan  
 
When the debtor of an intermediary loan has entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, the FIN-FSA 
shall without delay appoint a supervisor to protect the interests of the holders of covered notes issued by the 
issuer standing as the creditor of the intermediary loan and will have a right to enforce the holders’ right to be 
heard. The supervisor must, in particular, supervise the management of the collateral for covered notes and 
its conversion into cash as well as oversee the contractual payments to be made to the holders of covered 
notes and other parties comparable to such holders. Notwithstanding the liquidation or bankruptcy of the debtor 
of the intermediary loan, the issuer’s obligations under the covered note must be paid for the full term of the 
covered note, in accordance with its contractual terms, from the collateral entered in the Register before other

--- Page 56 ---
55 
claims can be met, and following, where applicable, what is provided for in Section 25 of the MCBA in respect 
of payment priority.  
 
When the debtor of the intermediary loan is in liquidation or bankruptcy, the bankruptcy administrator shall 
upon the supervisor’s demand or with his consent: 
 
(1) 
sell to the issuer the Mortgage Loans or Public-Sector Loans, included in the collateral of its 
covered note, in such a manner that the substitute claim is set-off partially or wholly against the 
claim under the intermediary loan of the issuer; or  
(2) 
if necessary, sell to a third party a sufficient amount of collateral for a covered note to comply 
with its obligations under the covered note.

--- Page 57 ---
56 
RESOLUTION LAWS 
 
The following is a brief summary of certain provisions of the directive establishing a framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (European Union Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive) entered into force on 2 July 2014, and it was implemented in Finland with effect as of 1 January 
2015 by the Act on Procedure for the Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, Act on the 
Financial Stability Authority and by amending the Act on Credit Institutions. The summary does not purport to 
be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of the Finnish legislative and regulatory framework for 
covered bonds. Please also refer to the section Risk Factors of the Base Prospectus. 
 
The directive establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms (European Union Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive, the “BRRD”) entered into force on 2 July 
2014, and it was implemented in Finland with effect as of 1 January 2015 by the Act on Procedure for the 
Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms (in Finnish: laki luottolaitosten ja sijoituspalveluyritysten 
kriisinratkaisusta, the “Resolution Act”), Act on the Financial Stability Authority (in Finnish: laki 
rahoitusvakausviranomaisesta, the “Authority Act”) and by amending the Act on Credit Institutions (in Finnish: 
laki luottolaitostoiminnasta) (jointly, the “Resolution Laws”). The BRRD has been subsequently amended by 
the Directive (EU) 2019/879 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions 
and investment firms and was implemented in national legislation on 1 April 2021. The Authority Act deals with 
the operation and powers of the Finnish Financial Stability Authority (the “FRA”), being the national resolution 
authority having counterparts in all EU member states and established for the purposes of the enforcement of 
the Resolution Act and other regulation relating to recovery and resolution of financial institutions. 
 
The aim of the Resolution Laws is to provide authorities with a broad range of powers and instruments to 
address failing financial institutions in order to safeguard financial stability and minimize taxpayers’ exposure 
to losses. The new regime imposes an obligation on the resolution authority and financial institutions to prepare 
resolution and recovery plans for financial institutions, authorizes the resolution authority to assess the 
resolvability of a financial institution, and to address or remove impediments to resolvability. 
 
Pursuant to the Resolution Act, the FRA shall draw up and adopt a resolution plan for a credit institution. The 
resolution plan is ready for execution in the event that the institution in question has to be placed into a 
resolution process. A credit institution must continuously have, both institution-specifically and at a 
consolidated level, own funds and eligible liabilities qualified for write-down at least the amount defined by the 
FRA (the so-called MREL requirement). The decision on the minimum amount of own funds and eligible 
liabilities qualified for write-down shall be made as part of the drafting of the resolution plan. 
 
The Resolution Act vests the FRA with resolution powers and tools as provided in the BRRD. To be able to 
use the other resolution tools the FRA shall first place the institution in a resolution process. During the process, 
the institution could be subject to a number of resolution tools: mandatory write-down of unsecured debts or 
conversion of unsecured debts into equity (bail-in), sale of business, bridge institution and asset separation. 
To continue the operations of the institution, the FRA has the power to decide upon covering losses of the 
institution by reducing the value of the institution's share capital or cancelling its shares. This is a precondition 
for any support from a resolution fund administered by the FRA. 
 
In the event of a distress of a financial institution, the new regime allows competent authorities, being the FIN-
FSA in Finland, to intervene and take early intervention measures with respect to the financial institution where 
the FIN-FSA considers that it is likely that the institution will not be able to meet the conditions of its 
authorization or its other liabilities or infringes its capital adequacy requirements. Such measures include the 
power to require the financial institution to take measures referred to in its recovery plan, and if necessary, 
require the institution to convene its general meeting to approve any such measures requested by the FIN-
FSA, require the institution to prepare a plan on the reorganisation of its unsecured debts as instructed by the 
FIN-FSA, and require the institution to change its strategy, legal or administrative structure of the institution. 
 
The resolution authority is vested with the power to implement resolution measures with respect to a financial 
institution where the resolution authority considers that the financial institution in question is failing or likely to 
fail, and where there is no reasonable prospect that any measures could be taken to prevent the failure of the 
institution, that the taking of the resolution measures is necessary to protect significant public interest. In the 
event of a distress of a financial institution, the new regime allows competent authorities, being the FIN-FSA 
in Finland, to intervene and take early intervention measures with respect to the financial institution where the

--- Page 58 ---
57 
FIN-FSA considers that it is likely that the institution will not be able to meet the conditions of its authorization 
or its other liabilities or infringes its capital adequacy requirements. Such measures include the power to 
require the financial institution to take measures referred to in its recovery plan, and if necessary, require the 
institution to convene its general meeting to approve any such measures requested by the FIN-FSA, require 
the institution to prepare a plan on the reorganisation of its unsecured debts as instructed by the FIN-FSA, and 
require the institution to change its strategy, legal or administrative structure of the institution. 
 
The resolution authority is vested with the power to implement resolution measures with respect to a financial 
institution where the resolution authority considers that the financial institution in question is failing or likely to 
fail, and where there is no reasonable prospect that any measures could be taken to prevent the failure of the 
institution, that the taking of the resolution measures is necessary to protect significant public interest. 
 
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach 
of its requirements for maintaining its banking license; its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less 
than its liabilities; it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or it requires 
extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). Neither the Issuer nor any of its group 
companies have been classified as a systematically important institution domestically or globally or as 
otherwise significant credit institution to financial system in Finland by the FIN-FSA. 
 
The measures available for a financial institution subject to resolution procedures (in Finnish: kriisihallinto) 
include the power and obligation on the FRA, in order to cover losses of the distressed financial institution, to 
write down or convert capital instruments (shares or other equity) in the institution. The resolution instruments 
(in Finnish: kriisinratkaisuvälineet) available to the FRA under the Resolution Laws include the powers to: 
 
(i) 
enforce bail-in; the FRA has the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of the 
distressed financial institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims to equity (the general 
bail-in tool, in Finnish: velkojen arvonalentaminen ja muuntaminen). Such equity could also be 
subject to any future write-down. Relevant claims for the purposes of the bail-in tool would include 
the claims of the holders of the Senior Unsecured Notes; 
(ii) enforce the sale of the business (assets or shares) of the financial institution as a whole or part 
on commercial terms without requiring the consent of its shareholders (or holders of other equity 
instruments) (in Finnish: liiketoiminnan luovuttaminen); 
(iii) redemption of shares and transfer of shares or assets to another institution; the FRA may transfer 
all or part of the business of the institution to a “bridge institution” (in Finnish: väliaikainen laitos) 
which is an entity created for this purpose by the FRA; and 
(iv) transfer all or part of assets in the distressed financial institution to one or more asset 
management vehicles (in Finnish: omaisuudenhoitoyhtiö) to allow them to be managed with a 
view to maximizing their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down.

--- Page 59 ---
58 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER ASSET POOL 
The Issuer must ensure that the Cover Asset Pool comprises only of (a) Housing Loans that have been entered 
into the Register as collateral for the Notes and (b) Substitute Collateral within the limits set by the applicable 
Covered Bonds Legislation (as summarised under “Finnish Covered Bond Act” and “Finnish Act on Mortgage 
Credit Bank Activity”) and the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds. The Issuer will substitute assets 
that are no longer eligible to be included in the Cover Asset Pool in accordance with the requirements of the 
applicable Covered Bonds Legislation and such terms and conditions and supplement the Cover Asset Pool 
with new Housing Loans or Substitute Collateral upon the existing Housing Loans or Substitute Collateral in 
the Cover Asset Pool being repaid by the relevant borrower in respect of such assets.  
 
The Issuer continuously monitors that the current value of the Cover Asset Pool exceeds the combined 
payment obligations resulting from the Covered Bonds by at least two per cent or five per cent, as applicable. 
In addition, the Issuer assesses the adequacy of the value and the quality of the Cover Asset Pool by regular 
stress tests. No due diligence, such as investigations, searches or other actions in respect of any assets 
contained or to be contained in the Cover Asset Pool has or will be performed by the Arranger nor any Lead 
Manager. Instead, they will rely on the obligations of the Issuer under applicable Finnish law.  
 
The criteria that the Issuer applies in the selection of assets for the Cover Asset Pool and the policies for 
granting loans are summarised below.  
 
Origination Criteria for the Housing Loans and the Cover Asset Pool  
  
All Housing Loans included in the Cover Asset Pool are originated by the Issuer in Finland in accordance with 
the applicable lending criteria, which include, but are not limited to the following:  
 
▪ 
verifying the identity of the borrower;  
▪ 
verifying the borrower has legal capacity and, in case of a natural person, is of age;  
▪ 
assessing the creditworthiness of the borrower;  
▪ 
assessing the borrower has sufficient repayment capability;  
▪ 
verifying public payment defaults in Suomen Asiakastieto Oy’s credit information register; and  
▪ 
checking the borrowers previous loan payment behaviour in the Issuer’s internal register.  
The Issuer identifies the Housing Loans that are eligible for inclusion in the Cover Asset Pool according to 
criteria set by the applicable Covered Bonds Legislation and the Issuer. These criteria, in summary, include 
but are not limited to the following:  
 
▪ 
the borrower is identified by a Finnish social security number or a Finnish business identity 
number; 
▪ 
the borrower is neither subject to debt collection procedures nor subject to any debt 
reorganisation; 
▪ 
on the date of inclusion in the Cover Asset Pool, the borrower was not in arrears; 
▪ 
the borrower is not an employee of OmaSp;  
▪ 
the principal amount of the Housing Loan must not exceed the fair value of the collateral securing 
the Housing Loan, that is, the loan-to-value ratio must be 100 per cent or lower;  
▪ 
there are no rights or obligations to make further advances in any of the Housing Loans included 
in the Cover Asset Pool; 
▪ 
the Housing Loan must be secured by eligible assets located in Finland and must be denominated 
in euro; and

--- Page 60 ---
59 
▪ 
the terms and conditions of the pledge relating to the property that constitutes the collateral for 
the Housing Loan must contain a provision according to which the pledgor undertakes to maintain 
sufficient insurance of the property.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer does not grant Commercial Real Estate Loans that would be part of the 
Cover Asset Pool.  
 
All of the abovementioned origination criteria for the Housing Loans, including the applicable lending criteria, 
and for the Cover Asset Pool have been set out as of the date of this Base Prospectus and might change over 
time. The composition and characteristics of the Cover Asset Pool will change over time. The Issuer will 
maintain a separate register for the Cover Asset Pool in accordance with the applicable Covered Bonds 
Legislation and inform the Noteholders of the composition of the Cover Asset Pool on its website at 
https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en on a quarterly basis in connection with the issuance of its financial statements 
and interim financial statements. 
 
Origination Criteria for the Public-Sector Loans 
 
All Public-Sector Loans to be included in the Cover Asset Pool will be either 
 
a) 
granted to the Republic of Finland, a Finnish municipality or to other Finnish public-sector entity which 
may, when calculating prudential requirements set out in Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the 
European Parliament (as amended) (“CRR”) and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) 648/2012, be considered equivalent 
to the Republic of Finland or Finnish municipality; or 
b) 
fully collateralised by a guarantee granted by a Finnish public-sector entity referred to in subsection 
(a) above or by a claim on such Finnish public-sector entity.

--- Page 61 ---
60 
DERIVATIVE TRANSACTIONS RELATED TO THE COVERED BONDS 
Permitted Derivative Transactions 
 
The Issuer may from time to time enter into one or more Derivative Transactions in order to hedge against 
risks relating to Covered Bonds and/or a Series of Covered Bonds or the assets in the Cover Asset Pool. Such 
Derivative Transactions will be entered into the Register for the Cover Asset Pool. 
 
The Issuer may enter into one or more interest rate swap transactions to hedge the interest rate exposure 
arising as a result of Mortgage Loans and other assets in the Cover Asset Pool that carry floating rates of 
interest covering the relevant Covered Bonds that carry a fixed rate payment obligation for the Issuer. The 
Issuer may also enter into one or more interest rate swap transactions to hedge the interest rate exposure 
arising as a result of Mortgage Loans and other assets in the Cover Pool that carry fixed rates of interest 
covering the relevant Covered Bonds that carry a floating rate payment obligation for the Issuer. 
 
Documentation 
 
The Issuer currently anticipates that Derivative Transactions entered into between the Issuer and a swap 
counterparty will be evidenced by a confirmation and such confirmation will supplement, form part of and be 
subject to an agreement between the Issuer and such swap counterparty in the form of an ISDA 2002 Master 
Agreement, as amended and supplemented from time to time, each as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association Inc. (ISDA) (each such agreement a “Swap Agreement”). All such Derivative 
Transactions will be terminable by a party if an Event of Default (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) 
occurs in respect of the other party or all or a group of Derivative Transactions will be terminable by one or 
both of the parties if a Termination Event (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) occurs. The Issuer also 
anticipates that the terms of the relevant Swap Agreements and related Credit Support Annexes (as published 
by ISDA) may be modified as instructed by Standard and Poor’s criteria for such documentation.   
 
Upon the early termination of one or more Derivative Transactions, the Issuer or the relevant swap 
counterparty may be liable to make a payment to the other party reflecting the market value of the terminated 
Derivative Transaction(s). The market value will be based on market quotations of the cost of entering into a 
transaction with the same terms and conditions and that would have the effect of preserving the respective full 
payment obligations of the parties (or based upon calculated loss of a party in the event that no market 
quotation can be obtained). The Swap Agreements may be unilaterally collateralised by the counterparty, with 
agreed limits for the maximum value of the counterparty’s uncollateralised swap positions. 
 
The Issuer may also at its discretion use other types of instruments and transactions for the purposes described 
in this section “Derivative Transactions related to the Covered Bonds”. 
 
Effect of a Hedge Counterparty’s Rating Downgrade 
 
Under each of the Swap Agreements, in the event that the relevant rating(s) of a hedge counterparty are 
downgraded by a rating agency, the rating(s) specified in the relevant derivative agreement (in accordance 
with the requirements of the rating agency) for such hedge counterparty, the relevant hedge counterparty will, 
in accordance with the relevant Swap Agreement, be required to take certain remedial measures which may 
include providing additional collateral for its obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement, arranging for its 
obligations under the Swap Agreement to be transferred to an entity with rating(s) required by the relevant 
rating agency as specified in the relevant Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the 
relevant rating agency), procuring another entity with rating(s) required by the relevant rating agency as 
specified in the relevant Swap Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the relevant rating agency) 
to become co-obligor or guarantor, as applicable, in respect of its obligations under the relevant Swap 
Agreement or taking some other action as it may agree with the relevant rating agency. 
 
Bankruptcy or Liquidation of the Issuer 
 
Under the Covered Bonds Legislation, obligations arising under a Derivative Transaction entered into the 
Register for the Cover Asset Pool shall continue to be fulfilled towards the Issuer in accordance with its terms 
notwithstanding a bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer unless otherwise provided in the terms of the 
Derivative Transaction. Counterparties to such Derivative Transactions (along with holders of the Covered 
Bonds and providers of Bankruptcy Liquidity Loans) are given a statutory priority in the liquidation or

--- Page 62 ---
61 
bankruptcy of the Issuer to the assets in the Cover Asset Pool. Accordingly, such counterparties (and holders 
of the Covered Bonds and providers of liquidity loans) have the statutory right to receive payment from the 
assets in the Cover Asset Pool before unsecured creditors of the Issuer and this right remains for so long as 
the Covered Bonds remain outstanding. 
 
Under the applicable Covered Bonds Legislation, the bankruptcy administrator is, upon the request of the 
supervisor appointed by the FIN-FSA, entitled to terminate a Derivative Transaction or to transfer a Derivative 
Transaction and security to a third party if it is deemed to be in the interest of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds.

--- Page 63 ---
62 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
General Information on the Issuer’s Business 
OmaSp is the largest savings bank in Finland measured by total assets. OmaSp provides nationwide services 
through its branches and digital service channels to private and business clients. OmaSp is focused primarily 
on retail banking operations and provides its clients with a broad range of banking services both through its 
own balance sheet as well as by acting as an intermediary for its partners’ products. The intermediated 
products include credit, investment and loan insurance products. OmaSp is also engaged in mortgage bank 
operations. 
OmaSp’s core aim is to provide personal service and to be local and close to its customers, both in digital and 
in traditional channels. OmaSp aspires towards premium level customer experience through personal service 
and easy accessibility. In addition, the development of OmaSp’s operations and services occurs on a 
customer-oriented basis. OmaSp’s personnel is committed and OmaSp seeks to support their career 
development with versatile tasks and continuous development. A substantial part of the personnel also owns 
shares in the Issuer.  
OmaSp’s service offering for private customers includes daily banking services, various financing solutions, 
savings services, asset management services, insurances, as well as certain legal services relating to e.g. 
inheritance and family law. The service selection for corporate customers encompasses payment services and 
other corporate daily banking services, financing services, corporate pension insurances, and investment 
services as well as legal and other advisory services. OmaSp has supplemented its own service offering with 
services provided by cooperation partners, which enables the offering of a complete service selection. For 
instance, in relation to asset management services, OmaSp cooperates with Sp Fund Management Company 
Ltd Oy and Sp Life Insurance Company Oy. 
The FIN-FSA supervises and inspects OmaSp. In addition, OmaSp is a member of the Deposit Guarantee 
Fund administered by the Financial Stability Authority, which secures depositor’s claims from OmaSp up to 
EUR 100,000. OmaSp is also a member of the Investors’ Compensation Fund, which covers all the non-
professional investors. 
General 
The name of the Issuer is Oma Savings Bank Plc (Oma Säästöpankki Oyj in Finnish and Oma Sparbank Abp 
in Swedish) and its domicile is Seinäjoki, Finland. The Issuer is a public limited company incorporated under 
the laws of Finland. The Issuer’s postal address is Valtakatu 32, FI-53100 Lappeenranta, Finland and 
telephone number +358 20 764 0600. The Issuer’s Business Identity Code is 2231936-2. The Issuer’s legal 
entity identifier (LEI) code is 743700LE1ECAPXC5UT18. The Issuer was registered in the Trade Register on 
31 December 2008 and the Issuer has been conducting business under the name of Oma Savings Bank since 
2009. The Issuer possesses a credit institution authorisation as well as an authorisation to engage in mortgage 
bank operations. 
Pursuant to Clause 2 of its Articles of Association, the Issuer conducts deposit savings bank operations 
referred to in the Finnish Credit Institutions Act. The Issuer conducts mortgage bank operations referred to 
under the Finnish Mortgage Bank Act. The Issuer may issue covered bonds. In addition, the Issuer provides 
investment services referred to the Finnish Investment Services Act. The specific objective of the Issuer is the 
promotion of frugality. The Issuer is supervised and inspected by the FIN-FSA. 
Business Strategy 
The key factors of OmaSp’s strategy are the following:  
Fostering Excellent Customer Experience  
OmaSp serves customers personally local and close in all service channels, both in diverse digital services 
and in 32 branches, with the help of about 320 experts. The broad network of branches and extensive digital 
services ensure that the services are conveniently available in the form that suits the customer. The company’s 
comprehensive digital channels allow to access the bank regardless location: for example, in OmaMobiili and 
Verkkoneuvottelu applications, everyday banking matters and appointments are also handled as video calls 
and combining them with OmaVahvistus bank code app it enables logging in to online bank without code lists.

--- Page 64 ---
63 
OmaSp continuously develops its digital service channels to offer better personal service and automatise 
service provision. OmaSp can provide everything from first contact to customer service and contract signing 
through digital channels. The starting point for the development is the needs of customers and a high-quality 
customer experience. OmaSp wants to serve its customers efficiently and close to people, regardless of time 
and place, all over Finland. 
This objective entails the Issuer’s target to have the highest customer satisfaction in the industry among its 
primary customer categories, i.e. families and small and medium-sized enterprises as well as the target to offer 
its customers with the best customer experience. The Issuer aims to keep its customer experience at a high 
level by focusing on the development of value adding services according to customer needs, by reacting rapidly 
to changing customer needs by knowing its customers well, as well as by having high accessibility through 
advanced digital service channels and an extensive branch network. The Issuer is also a reliable banking 
partner for its customers, managing its customers’ and its own financial affairs diligently, persistently and 
reliably. 
Active Search of Profitable Growth through Excellent Customer Service and Good Service 
Accessibility 
OmaSp believes that excellent customer service will speed up the Issuer’s profitable growth. Instead of price 
competition, OmaSp focuses on excellent customer service and high service accessibility. OmaSp strives 
towards excellent customer service and good service accessibility through being local and close to its 
customers both in digital and physical service channels. For these purposes, the Issuer seeks continuously to 
identify its customers’ needs and to develop its services and service channels to meet the changing needs. 
The Issuer’s management sees that this strategy creates growth opportunities particularly in larger cities 
where, to the understanding of the Issuer’s management, many competitors are focusing more on price 
competition, at the expense of a good customer experience. In smaller municipalities, the Issuer’s competitors 
have reduced their presence. The Issuer is of the view, however, that many of these locations exhibit a strong 
demand for local services. This creates growth opportunities for OmaSp, as the Issuer’s management believes 
its strengths to lie in its local expertise and in high service accessibility. 
The Issuer’s entire organisation is engaged in active sourcing of new customers to drive growth and strives 
proactively to highlight the benefits of good and skilled customer service. With its professional service, OmaSp 
seeks to create value for its customers in the long-term, as the Issuer’s management believes this to be more 
attractive for the customer than any, even momentary, lower prices from a bank whose service quality and 
accessibility do not compete with OmaSp’s customer-oriented service level. High customer satisfaction 
improves the Issuer’s chances for upselling, as well as increases customer loyalty, thus reducing customer 
churn. The Issuer’s management believes that customer satisfaction and good recommendation rates are 
important when acquiring new customers, since satisfied customers are more likely to recommend OmaSp to 
others. 
High Profitability is Fostered by Taking Care of Profitability of Customer Relationships, Focusing on 
Efficient Operations and Keeping the Costs of Funding Low 
OmaSp’s strategic objective is to seek growth only if the growth can be carried out profitably and without taking 
excessive risks. Focusing on a good customer experience allows the Issuer to maintain good profitability, as 
good customer experience allows for higher pricing customer acquisition without engaging in price competition. 
A large portion of the Issuer’s costs relates to funding of the operations. Consequently, maintaining high 
profitability is also impacted by the Issuer’s efficient risk management, high solvency and liquidity, which serve 
to enable low funding costs in relation to interest income of lending. In addition to the competitive price levels 
in lending and the funding of the operations, the Issuer seeks to provide services as efficiently as possible. For 
these purposes, the Issuer is continuously monitoring and optimising its distribution channel, both at a branch 
and employee level. Each of the Issuer’s branches must demonstrate good profitability and a positive future 
outlook. Furthermore, the Issuer is heavily investing in digital service channels in order to automate customer 
service in order to improve its profitability. In addition to the service channels, the Issuer seeks to keep its 
administrative organisation efficient and lean to keep the administrative costs low. 
Active Risk Management and Desire to Retain High Solvency at all Times  
Keeping OmaSp’s risks low is primarily based on three principal factors: 1) the Issuer operates in stable retail 
banking market segments in Finland, 2) the Company keeps its customer and investment risk concentrations

--- Page 65 ---
64 
low, as well as 3) the Issuer maintains a simple and transparent organisational structure. The Issuer keeps its 
credit risks low by practicing a strict credit policy and by focusing on secured loans in its lending. A simple and 
transparent organisational structure also facilitates risk management, supervision of operations and, when 
necessary, reacting to any detected shortcomings. 
The Issuer has adopted systematic processes for managing operational risks. The entire organisation is 
responsible for risk management and, in addition, the different parts of the Issuer have specialised risk 
management tasks. The Board of Directors determines the boundaries for risk-taking, and approves the 
methods and systems for risk monitoring. The Issuer’s management team is responsible for risk assessment 
and monitoring as part of the Issuer’s operation. The management conducts risk monitoring on a daily basis, 
based on instructions approved by the Board of Directors. All employees are as part of their daily work 
responsible for risk monitoring and reporting any suspect activities. All employees have unified and clear 
instructions on how to act in different situations. In addition, OmaSp has separate risk management, 
compliance and internal audit functions that, inter alia, promote a healthy risk-taking culture, supervise risk 
management and ensure that the Issuer’s Board of Directors and management have an up-to-date and correct 
picture of the Company’s profitability, efficiency and operative risks. 
Credit risk management is crucial for the Issuer. Maintenance of a sound credit policy is an integral part of the 
Issuer’s risk management, and thus, OmaSp has carefully determined a unified credit policy, which is followed 
in all lending throughout the Issuer. To the extent possible, credit decisions are made in the branches, as close 
to the customer as possible, because the local personnel has good local knowledge and best information 
regarding the customers. The quality of the Issuer’s customer base also affects the levels of the Issuer’s credit 
risks. OmaSp has historically focused and will also in the future focus on granting of secured loans to financially 
healthy customers. The precondition for the Issuer to grant a loan to a customer is always the customer’s 
stable solvency and good credit rating. By focusing on private customers, as well as on small and medium-
sized corporate customers, the Issuer is able to keep the risk concentrations related to individual customers 
low. 
Solvency management also forms a significant part of the Issuer’s risk management. High solvency creates 
buffers against sudden negative shocks, but also allows the Issuer to seek high growth and dividend 
distribution to the owners. Furthermore, high solvency allows the Issuer to maintain its credit rating at a good 
level, which primarily decrease cost of OmaSp’s funding. In addition to solvency, OmaSp aims to uphold high 
liquidity. OmaSp’s long-term financial target is to keep the core capital ratio (CET 1) illustrating solvency at a 
minimum of 14 per cent. 
Company’s Business Operations, Services and Products  
OmaSp provides its clients with a broad range of banking services through its own balance sheet, as well as 
by acting as an intermediary for its partners’ products. The core of the Issuer’s service offering consists of 
providing high quality daily banking and lending services to private and corporate customers and, in addition, 
the Issuer offers its private and corporate customers a wide range of different financing, savings and 
investment services. Additionally, the Issuer offers legal advisory services to its private customers in 
inheritance and family law matters, as well as to corporate customers in, for instance, the establishment of 
companies, taxation and generational change.

--- Page 66 ---
65 
Services provided by the Company 
Private Customers 
Corporate Customers 
Daily Banking Services 
Daily Banking Services 
Wealth Management 
Wealth Management 
Financing 
Financing 
Savings 
Savings 
Credit Insurance 
Advisory Services 
Inheritance and Family Law Advisory Services 
 
 
OmaSp provides its services and products to its customers via digital service channels and branch offices. 
OmaSp wants to be local and close to its customers, regardless of the customer’s location or service needs. 
In order to reach its objective, OmaSp offers its customers a comprehensive set of digital services that the 
customers can utilize regardless of time and place, a comprehensive network of branches and customer 
service professionals who meet the customers at their preferred locations. 
Loans, Financing and Credit   
OmaSp offers its private and corporate customers a multitude of different loans for the varying needs occurring 
in life and during the lifecycle of a company, with a focus on secured loans. For private customers, the Issuer 
offers, inter alia, mortgages, car loans, renovation loans, student loans and loans for other, even unexpected, 
needs of everyday life. 
For corporate customers, OmaSp offers a comprehensive range of financing services for the financing of the 
corporate customers’ business operations. The traditional business loan provided by the Issuer is well suited, 
for instance, for financing corporate investments. Securities that may be required by a corporate customer’s 
counterparty for different kinds of deliveries, construction contracts, and purchase price payments may be 
arranged, if necessary, by a bank guarantee provided by OmaSp. OmaSp also offers its corporate customers 
a corporate account with an overdraft facility, with which the corporate customer can ensure liquidity in short-
term and seasonal financing needs. 
OmaSp acts as an independent issuer of Visa cards, and the Issuer’s customers may also resort to a card 
credit offered by the Issuer to meet their financing needs. OmaSp finances the Visa credits from its own 
balance sheet.  
The financing services offered by OmaSp as set forth above are additionally supplemented by various products 
of cooperation partners that OmaSp offers to its customers, such as various loan insurances and various 
conditional guarantees. For further information, please see section “– OmaSp’s Cooperation Partners” below. 
Accounts and Deposits 
OmaSp provides its private and corporate customers with accounts for all customer needs. The Issuer offers 
its private customers, inter alia, current accounts, savings accounts, ASP accounts and rent security deposit 
accounts. For its corporate customers, the Issuer offers corporate accounts. 
The deposits made into the accounts by the customers play a fundamental role in the Issuer’s funding 
operations. Customer deposits account form a vast majority of the Company’s total funding.  
Card Business 
OmaSp offers a wide variety of payment-related services to its private and corporate customers. OmaSp offers 
a payment card for the needs of nearly every user. OmaSp’s cards can be used for payments in store and 
online, and for withdrawing cash in Finland and abroad. OmaSp’s cards allow for the withdrawal of cash in

--- Page 67 ---
66 
conjunction with shopping in K -grocery stores and R-kiosks. OmaSp also offers a contactless payment feature 
in its cards as well as GooglePay and ApplePay compatibility. 
OmaSp acts as an independent issuer of Visa cards and in their financing needs, and the Issuer’s customers 
may also resort to card credit provided by OmaSp. The bank finances the Visa card credits from its own 
balance sheet. 
A Visa Business Debit ATM and payment card may be connected to a corporate customer’s account, allowing 
corporate customers to manage their payments and online purchases in addition to the traditional wire transfer 
and online banking payments as well as OmaSp Visa Business Credit corporate credit card. 
Payment Services 
OmaSp provides its private and corporate customers with versatile daily banking services. In most of its 
branches, OmaSp offers its customers bank clerk services. Bank clerk services comprise of, inter alia, various 
forms of payment carried out at the bank and the processing of cash for private and corporate customers. 
OmaSp also provides its customers with services for cross-border payment traffic. Alongside various payment 
cards, OmaSp offers its customers payment services through which customers can pay their bills themselves 
either through online banking on their own computer, or through mobile payments, utilising OmaSp’s 
OmaMobiili mobile online bank. Additionally, customers can pay their purchases in the form of online payments 
in online stores utilising OmaSp’s own payment button, assuming that the online store in question has 
integrated this possibility into their website. Reciprocally, OmaSp’s corporate customers may include OmaSp’s 
payment button on their website to enable online payments through the websites.  
Savings and Investment Services  
OmaSp provides its private and corporate customers with various savings and investment services both 
independently as well as jointly together with its cooperation partners. The Company provides or brokers to its 
customers inter alia, savings insurances, asset management insurances, pension saving, ASP accounts, 
basket equity-linked OmaTuotto deposits and fixed-term deposits, capitalisation agreements, shares and 
common funds.  
The Issuer does not produce all of its investment and savings services by itself, but rather supplements its 
service offering by intermediating services of its cooperation partners. The Company intermediates, for in-
stance, common fund products of Sp-Rahastoyhtiö Oy and insurance products of Sp-Henkivakuutus Oy. At 
the date of this Prospectus, for securities services, the broker employed by OmaSp is SEB, with Central Bank 
of Savings Banks Finland Plc acting as the account operator. In the customer interface the service appears as 
entirely offered by OmaSp. The service has been terminated and it will expire on 30 November 2022. 
OmaSp provides its private customers with the following savings and investment services: savings deposit 
account, investment deposit, OmaTuotto deposit, ASP account, mutual funds, savings insurance, asset 
management insurance as well as shares and other book-entries. For its corporate customers, the Company 
offers the following savings and investment services: savings deposit account, investment deposit, OmaTuotto 
deposit, mutual funds, capitalisation agreement, asset management capitalisation, group pension insurance 
as well as shares and other book-entries. 
Furthermore, in November 2017, OmaSp issued a debenture loan that was fully subscribed for and amounted 
to EUR 15 million. The loan was offered for subscription by customers via OmaSp’s own branches. 
Trade Finance Products 
For its corporate customers, OmaSp offers Trade Finance products to support their foreign trade. The service 
is produced in cooperation with OmaSp’s partners. 
OmaSp’s Cooperation Partners 
OmaSp offers some of the services complementing the traditional banking operations and the Issuer’s core 
business operations in collaboration with its cooperation partners. OmaSp has no ownership in its cooperation 
partners listed below.

--- Page 68 ---
67 
Sp-Rahastoyhtiö and Sp-Henkivakuutus Oy 
OmaSp brokers Sp-Rahastoyhtiö Oy’s mutual funds and Sp-Henkivakuutus Oy’s insurance products. As 
remuneration for a sale made by OmaSp, it receives a portion of the subscription, redemption and 
management fees of the products sold. Cooperation with Sp-Rahastoyhtiö and Sp-Henkivakuutus ensures 
OmaSp the possibility of providing its customers with a wide-ranging selection of services supplementing its 
banking services, such as savings and investing services, loan insurance and life insurance products. By 
means of providing such services together with its cooperation partners, OmaSp can focus on its core business 
operations, i.e. operating and developing of retail banking services. 
Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc 
OmaSp’s central credit institution services are provided by Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc 
(“Central Bank of Savings Banks”). The Central Bank of Savings Banks provides OmaSp with payment 
brokerage services, including participation in payment systems (SEPA –payments as well as payments 
between savings banks – the SML -services), the use of a clearing system, SEPA-direct debiting services as 
well as a foreign exchange brokerage service. OmaSp has an agreement with the Central Bank of Savings 
Banks concerning the bank’s cash management services. OmaSp acquires services related to the brokerage 
of customer payments from the Central Bank of Savings Banks. OmaSp is independently responsible for and 
independently manages the liquidity of the payment account and other functions associated with it. OmaSp 
has an independent liquidity management and treasury function. Additionally, OmaSp has a TARGET2 
account, which it manages independently. 
The Central Bank of Savings Banks also functions as an account operator for OmaSp until 30 November 2022, 
after which securities services will no longer be offered.  
Other Cooperation Partners 
Other cooperation partners important for OmaSp include, inter alia, Finnvera and the European Investment 
Fund, which guarantee some of the corporate loans granted by OmaSp; NIB and EIB, providing the Company 
financing to be further brokered to small and medium-sized enterprises; as well as Insurance Limited Liability 
Company Garantia and AXA Partners, offering OmaSp’s private customers loan guarantees and loan 
insurances. 
Company’s Customers and Service Channels  
General 
OmaSp’s key customer groups are private customers as well as small and medium-sized enterprises. The 
Company’s customer volumes have recently developed positively. The development of the Company’s 
customer volume has been depicted in the following table: 
 
31 December 
(pcs) 
2021 
2020 
2019 
Number of customers at the end of the period 
c. 150,000 
c. 140,000 
c. 139,000 
 
Private Customers 
Approximately 80 per cent of OmaSp’s customers are private customers. Among private customers, OmaSp’s 
target customers comprise customers desiring full-service banking services and appreciate good and easily 
accessible customer service. The majority of private customers utilize a minimum of three services offered by 
the Company. Thus, the Company has succeeded in obtaining a large number of full-service customers, whom 
the Company estimates to be more loyal than customers utilising just one or two of the services the Company 
offers.  
According to the Company’s management, growth has been achieved through excellent customer service and 
active sales efforts. The growth has been particularly strong in mortgage loans.

--- Page 69 ---
68 
At the end of 2021, approximately 60 per cent of OmaSp’s loan book was held by private customers.1 
Corporate Customers and other Entities  
Roughly 20 per cent of the Company’s customers are corporate customers or other entities. In relation to 
corporate customers, the Company’s target customers are companies that OmaSp is familiar with, having a 
stable business model and are looking for full service banking services. The majority of the Company’s 
corporate customers are small and medium-sized enterprises. A focal factor in the Company’s strategy is 
acquiring and serving such small and medium-sized enterprises, whose business the Company has assessed 
to be financially healthy and stable. 
At the end of 2021, 40 per cent of OmaSp’s loan book was held by corporate customers and other entities.2 
Company’s Service Channels 
A key target of the Issuer is to serve its customers personally and to be local and close to its customers both 
in digital and traditional service channels. Historically, OmaSp’s key market areas have included South Karelia, 
South Ostrobothnia, Southern Savonia, Häme, Kymenlaakso, Pirkanmaa, North Karelia and Satakunta, which 
has resulted in the network of branches previously being centralised into those areas. During the past few 
years, the Issuer has expanded its operations in all of Finland and wishes to strengthen its market position and 
to increase its customer volumes across the country. 
Digital Service Channel 
In order to be able to offer its services efficiently throughout the country, the Issuer has invested in developing 
its digital service channels and in optimising its branch network. The Issuer has comprehensive digital service 
channels, with the aid of which the Issuer is able to serve its customers regardless of the time and place.  
At the core of the Company’s digital services lies a versatile online bank, where private and corporate 
customers can manage their affairs pertaining to payments, accounts and cards, loans and asset management 
at the customers’ convenience. OmaSp also offers its customers the OmaMobiili mobile online bank that allows 
customers to manage their daily banking affairs through a smartphone or a tablet. The Company also provides 
online identification services and an electronic signature service, through which customers can identify 
themselves in various online services and companies can identify their customers. With the aid of the electronic 
signature service OmaAllekirjoitus, customers can electronically sign agreements they have concluded with 
OmaSp and, thereby, open new services with the bank. OmaSp has also introduced the Verkkoneuvottelu 
mobile application that allows customers, in addition to managing their banking affairs, to conduct negotiations 
with the bank clerk of their choice via a mobile device. 
Branch Network 
Alongside the digital services, OmaSp has an extensive and comprehensive branch network, which the 
Company seeks to actively develop for optimised efficiency. As part of the re-organisation of its operations, 
the Company has merged smaller branches and service locations into nearby branches in order to improve 
profitability. At the same time the Company has opened new branches in growth centres in locations in which 
the Company believes the branches can achieve good profitability and high customer flows. In recent years 
OmaSp has opened branches in, inter alia, in Oulu, a branch in downtown Helsinki and an expanded branch 
in Turku and with the acquisition of Eurajoen Savings Bank’s business last year, also in Pori, Rauma and 
Eurajoki. On the date of this Base Prospectus, OmaSp has 35 branch offices. 
OmaSp aspires to be a people-oriented bank and to distinguish itself from its competitors through personal 
service. An example of versatile personal service and being close to the customer is that OmaSp can even 
arrange home visits for such of its customers who for one reason or another are unable to manage their 
banking affairs electronically or at the nearest branch. 
 
 
1  
Loan portfolio split by customer type and industry based on the parent company’s figures.  
2  
Loan portfolio split by customer type and industry based on the parent company’s figures.

--- Page 70 ---
69 
Sales and Customer Experience 
OmaSp conducts its marketing via a multitude of marketing and distribution channels, such as the Internet, 
social media, its branches and other service locations, television, radio and printed advertising. OmaSp’s 
competitive edge as compared to its competitors is, in the view of the Company’s management, high-quality 
and personal service in digital channels and branches, and it is therefore not the Company’s strategy to 
compete with the lowest prices. The Company’s management believes that customers that receive high-quality 
and personal service will remain customers of the Company for a long time and will utilize the Company’s 
services to an increasing and more extensive extent over time. Customer satisfaction is important for OmaSp 
and the Company has managed to maintain customer satisfaction at a high level.3  
A crucial factor in fostering customer satisfaction is high service accessibility. The Company’s aim is that the 
accessibility of its services would be at the top of the industry. For these purposes, the Company provides 
services to its customers also outside of normal office hours. In addition, customers also receive personal 
service via the Company’s digital service channels.  
Funding, Liquidity and Solvency Requirements 
Funding and Liquidity 
OmaSp’s funding base consists of deposits received from the public (liabilities to the public and public sector 
entities), loans from other credit institutions, bonds and certificates of deposit, and of subordinate liabilities. 
The Company’s funding base has expanded at the same time as the Company’s financial expenses in relation 
to the funding base have decreased.  
The cornerstone of the Company’s funding comprises deposits received from the public. The bonds and 
certificates of deposit issued by the Company have, however, significantly broadened the Company’s funding 
base. In the past few years, the Company has managed to increase the proportion of long-term, longer than 
12-month, financing of its funding base. The Company aspires in the future to further increase the proportion 
of long-term financing, inter alia, by means of issuing bonds. 
OmaSp has been active in the bond market since 2013. The bonds have allowed OmaSp to diversify its funding 
base and to prolong the maturity of its financing base.  
OmaSp also utilizes certificates of deposit in its funding. Certificates of deposit add flexibility to OmaSp’s 
funding and the Company utilizes certificates of deposits for the purposes of short-term financing as well as 
for liquidity management. 
Solvency requirements 
Under the provisions applicable at a given time, the Company shall satisfy the solvency requirements as well 
as the risk and solvency management requirements applicable to its operations. The objective of the solvency 
management process is to assess whether the amount and nature of the Company’s capital is adequate 
relative to the nature, extent and complexity of the Company’s operations and sufficient to cover all risks of the 
business and the operating environment. The Company’s capital structure and solvency may affect its credit 
rating. Sufficient solvency is necessary for the availability of financing to enable the Company’s growth and its 
potential for implementing its strategy. 
The Company shall apply the solvency provisions applicable to credit institution and their interpretations, 
including e.g. macro-stability decisions by the FIN-FSA.  
For example, during the year 2018 the FIN-FSA tightened the maximum loan-to-value ratio of mortgages and 
it has contemplated the need for raising the minimum levels of risk weighting for housing loans used in solvency 
calculations by credit institutions in order to limit the risks associated with housing loans. The FIN-FSA may 
also apply discretionary requirements regarding additional capital requirements towards banks. 
 
 
3 Yhtiön tilaama Parasta palvelua -tutkimus 12/2020. Asiakkaiden tyytyväisyys asteikolla 1–5 oli kokonaisuutena 4,3 ja suositteluaste 
(NPS) oli erinomainen 50.

--- Page 71 ---
70 
The total capital requirement for credit institutions’ own funds consists of the Pillar I minimum capital 
requirement (8.0%) and various buffer requirements. Buffer requirements include, among other things, the 
capital conservation buffer set by the Credit Institution Act (2.5%), the discretionary SREP requirement 
according to Pillar II, the countercyclical buffer requirement, and the systematic risk buffer. In December 2019, 
the FIN-FSA imposed on the Company the first supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP) 
requirement of 1.5% based on the supervisory authority’s assessment. The requirement entered into force on 
30 June 2020 and is valid until further notice, however not later than 30 June 2023. The requirement shall be 
covered by the Common Equity Tier 1 capital. The Company’s current common equity tier 1 capital (CET1) is 
sufficient to meet the new requirement, and no specific actions are required to be taken by the Company. The 
Company paid out in February 2021 a dividend of EUR 0.13 per share entitling to dividend for the financial 
year 2019, amounting in total to EUR 3.8 million. The Board of Directors had estimated that OmaSp's capital 
adequacy position is stable and the Company has been prepared for an exceptionally uncertain financial 
situation with an additional loss allowance, among other things. The dividend payment was therefore not 
considered to jeopardize the Company's financial position or any other of its risk position. In March 2022, the 
Annual General Meeting decided to pay an actual dividend of EUR 0.30 per share and an additional dividend 
of EUR 0.20 per share for the financial year 2021. In total, a dividend of EUR 0.50 per share is paid for the 
financial year 2021.The FIN-FSA decides on the countercyclical buffer requirement quarterly, and a 
countercyclical buffer requirement has thus far not been imposed on Finnish credit institutions. As the corona 
pandemic significantly weakens the global economic cyclical outlook and the operating conditions of the 
financial sector, FIN-FSA decided on 6 April 2020 on the removal of the systematic risk buffer requirement for 
all credit institutions. The decision became effective immediately.  
Mortgage Bank Operations 
OmaSp was granted permission by the FIN-FSA to launch mortgage bank operations on 14 September 2017. 
The mortgage bank functions as part of OmaSp’s banking business. OmaSp has applied for the license under 
the Covered Bond Act from FIN-FSA on 30 March 2022. Mortgage bank operations constitute business 
operations entailing the issuance of covered bonds. The covered bonds are secured by the mortgages granted 
by OmaSp. The mortgage bank operations have allowed OmaSp to diversify its funding. In 9 September 2019, 
Standard & Poor’s (S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, S&P Global division) confirmed OmaSp’s long-term 
funding credit rating at BBB+ and short-term funding credit rating at A-2. As part of launching its mortgage 
bank operations, OmaSp applied to be admitted as a direct monetary policy counterparty of the European 
Central Bank (ECB) and as party of the TARGET2 system, which enables the use of central bank financing in 
the maintenance of short-term and long-term liquidity. The Issuer’s TARGET2 account at the Bank of Finland 
was opened in September 2017. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the central bank financing consists 
of a TLTRO secured credit of EUR 150 million withdrawn on June 2020. The loan matures 30 June 2023 but 
repayment of it is possible as of 29 September 2021. 
In November 2017, OmaSp established a bond programme amounting to EUR 1,500 million. The size of the 
bond programme was increased to EUR 3,000 million on 28 May 2021. Under the programme, the Bank issued 
in December 2017 a covered bond in the aggregate amount of EUR 250 million, and the amount was increased 
by EUR 100 million in June 2018. In April 2019, OmaSp issued another covered bond in the aggregate amount 
of EUR 300 million as part of the programme. Both abovementioned covered bonds have been granted a credit 
rating of AAA by S&P Global Ratings, on 12 December 2017 and on 3 April 2019, respectively. Both 
abovementioned covered bonds have a maturity of five years from the issue date. In April and November 2020 
covered bonds amounting to EUR 250 million each were issued. Both abovementioned covered bonds have 
been granted a credit rating of AAA by S&P Global Ratings, on 6 April 2020 and 25 November 2020, 
respectively. The abovementioned covered bonds have a maturity of three and seven years, respectively.  
Furthermore, OmaSp issued a senior and unsecured bond amounting to EUR 55 million in June 2020. During 
the year 2021 the company issued two bonds, in June, a covered bond of EUR 150 million and in November 
an unsecured senior bond of EUR 200 million. 
S&P Global Ratings Europe is established in the European Economic Area and on the date of this Base 
Prospectus, it is registered to the register of European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) in accordance 
with Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on 
credit 
rating 
agencies 
(the 
Credit 
Rating 
Agencies 
Regulation) 
available 
at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/list-registered-and-certified-CRAs.

--- Page 72 ---
71 
History and Development of OmaSp 
OmaSp has long traditions in Finland extending to the late 1800s. OmaSp can trace its roots back to the 
Lappeenranta Savings Bank, which opened its doors for the first time on February 13th 1875. The Issuer was 
formed in its current form out of the merger between Töysän Säästöpankki and Kuortaneen Säästöpankki in 
2009, continuing their business operations under the name of Oma Savings Bank. Parkanon Säästöpankki 
joined the Issuer in 2013. Kantasäästöpankki, Suodenniemen Säästöpankki and Etelä-Karjalan Säästöpankki 
joined in 2014. In the fall of 2015, the business operations of Joroisten Osuuspankki and Pyhäselän 
Paikallisosuuspankki were merged into the Issuer. In 2016, the Company acquired approximately 48.0 per 
cent holding in SAV-Rahoitus Oyj, and on 31 December 2018 the holding amounted to 50.7 per cent. SAV-
Rahoitus Oyj has been consolidated in OmaSp’s consolidated financial statement since the year of acquisition, 
2016. In 2017, the Issuer acquired S Bank’s small and medium-sized enterprises as well as agricultural and 
forestry business operations.  On 29 September 2021, the company announced the decision to acquire the 
business of Eurajoen Savings Bank in accordance with the acquisition plan. The business transfer was 
completed in December 2021.   
 
The Issuer completed an initial public offering (“IPO”) of its shares in the end of 2018 and received net proceeds 
of approximately EUR 31.6 million from the IPO. Trading in the Company’s shares commenced on the official 
list of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. (the Helsinki Stock Exchange) on 4 December 2018. 
Recent Events 
There are no recent events particular to the Issuer since the interim report release as of 2 May 2022, which 
are to a material extent relevant to the evaluation of the Issuer’s solvency. 
Organisational Structure 
The Oma Savings Bank Group consists of the parent company (Oma Savings Bank Plc) and of its two 
subsidiaries Kiinteistö Oy Lappeenrannan Säästökeskus and SAV-Rahoitus Oyj. OmaSp’s banking operations 
and the related business operations are carried out by the parent company of the group. 
Kiinteistö Oy Lappeenrannan Säästökeskus is domiciled in Lappeenranta and its line of business is to control 
pursuant to a lease agreement land lot No. 18, with its surface area being c. 1,915 m2, located in the II Centre 
district of the town of Lappeenranta, in block No. 5, as well as to own and control the commercial and office 
building situated on the land lot, which houses the Issuer’s headquarters.  
SAV-Rahoitus Oyj is domiciled in Helsinki and its line of business is providing financial services. SAV-Rahoitus 
Oyj carries on insurance mediation operations referred to under the Finnish Act on Insurance Mediation and 
its operations are completely separated from OmaSp’s business operations. In addition, SAV Rahoitus´ line of 
business includes providing specialised and expert vehicle trade services; hire purchase contracts, drafting 
and assigning of hire purchase contracts as well as trading; registry services; liquidity services; provision and 
brokerage of security; importation of vehicles and trading in vehicles; trading in and brokerage of products and 
services related to vehicles and traffic, as well as IT services pertaining to the aforementioned. In the 
Company’s view, the Company’s share of ownership in SAV-Rahoitus Oyj is a finance investment that can be 
given up if necessary. 
The following table sets forth the significant subsidiaries owned by OmaSp directly or indirectly on the date of 
this Base Prospectus and that have been consolidated into the consolidated financial statement.  
Company 
Holding 
Oma Savings Bank Plc  
 
Subsidiaries 
 
Kiinteistö Oy Lappeenrannan Säästökeskus 
100% 
SAV-Rahoitus Oyj 
50.7% 
Governmental, Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
During the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, OmaSp has not been a party to any legal, 
arbitration or administrative proceedings that may have or have had, in the recent past, a material impact upon

--- Page 73 ---
72 
the financial position or profitability of OmaSp or its subsidiaries, and to the OmaSp’s knowledge no such 
proceedings are pending or threatened.  
Material Contracts 
OmaSp has outsourced certain payment transfers and central banking services, where OmaSp uses the 
transfer and clearing services of the Central Bank of Savings Banks Finland Plc. On the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Kyndryl-Samlink provides to OmaSp banking information services (core banking systems, 
operating and infrastructure services and technical support) as well as financial management services.  
 
 
Apart from the contracts listed above, there are no material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary 
course of the Issuer’s business, which could result in the Issuer or any of its subsidiary company being under 
an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligation to Noteholders.

--- Page 74 ---
73 
FINANCIAL AND TREND INFORMATION 
Historical Financial Information 
 
OmaSp’s consolidated audited financial statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020 have been incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference (see “Documents Incorporated 
by Reference”). OmaSp’s consolidated audited financial statements have been prepared in accordance with 
IFRS as adopted by the European Union. The applicable Finnish accounting and corporate legislation and 
regulatory requirements have also been taken into account when preparing the notes to the financial 
statements.  
 
Except for the financial statements as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020, the information included in this Base Prospectus has not been audited. 
 
No Significant Change in the Issuer’s Financial or Trading Position 
 
There have been no material changes in the financial or trading position of OmaSp since 31 March 2022. 
 
Trend information 
 
On 2 May 2022 OmaSp published its quarterly report for the period 1 January 2022–31 March 2022, that 
included the outlook for 2022 as follows:   
 
The Company’s business volumes continue their strong growth during the financial year 2022. The Company’s 
profitable growth is stimulated by the investments made during the last few years in customer experience and 
availability of customer service via new digital channels and new units. 
 
Oma Savings Bank Plc provides earnings guidance for 2022 on the comparable profits before taxes. A verbal 
description is used to make a comparison with the comparative period. Earnings guidance is based on the 
forecast for the entire year, which takes into account the current market and business situation. Forecasts are 
based on the management’s insight into the Group’s business development. The Company estimates that 
profitable growth will continue to be strong. The Group’s 2022 comparable profit before taxes will increase 
compared to the previous financial year. 
 
The Company’s outlook for 2022 is based on assumptions made by the management of the Company, the 
development of services, loans granted to customers, and deposits received from customers as well as the 
development of the Company’s net interest income, fee and commission income, expenses and operating 
environment. The most central factors affecting the realisation of the outlook, which the Company can influence 
are the investments made with regard to sales and marketing, the operations model and its efficiency, the 
Company’s personnel, customer acquisition as well as the development and improvement with regards to 
existing customers. Factors outside the scope of the Company’s influence are the general development of the 
market, the general economic situation, changes in the interest and investment environment, the legislative 
development, as well as changes in the competitive landscape in the market and other general risks related 
to the Company’s business and industry. The effects and the uncertainty caused by the coronavirus pandemic 
to the abovementioned factors in general and specifically to the impairment losses on financial assets of the 
Company are difficult to assess. The Company confirms that the basis on which the outlook has been compiled 
and prepared is both comparable with the Company’s historical financial information and consistent with its 
accounting policies. 
 
Except for the abovementioned information, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 
the Issuer or of the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 31 December 2021. Furthermore, except 
for the abovementioned information, there has been no significant change in the financial performance of the 
Issuer since 31 December 2021.

--- Page 75 ---
74 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT 
Board of Directors 
 
According to the Issuer’s Articles of Association, the Board of Directors shall have a minimum of five and a 
maximum of eight members and no more than two deputy members. As per the Articles of Association, the 
term of a member of the Board of Directors expires at the end of the next Annual General Meeting following 
the election. The Board of Directors is responsible for Issuer’s administration and the due organisation of 
operations. The Board of Directors has drafted a written charter for its operations, which defines the key tasks 
and operating principles of the Board. 
 
The Board of Directors has 7 members as at the date of this Base Prospectus, and the members of the Board 
of Directors are as follows:  
 
Name 
Year born 
Position 
Elected to the Board of Directors 
Jarmo Salmi  
1963 
Chairman 
2019, Member since 2014 
Jyrki Mäkynen 
1964 
Vice Chairman 
2014, Member since 2009 
Aila Hemminki 
1966 
Member 
2017 
Aki Jaskari  
1961 
Member 
2014 
Timo Kokkala  
1960 
Member 
2014 
Jaana Sandström 
1963 
Member 
2019 
Jarmo Partanen 
1956 
Member 
2021 
 
 
Jarmo Salmi, Master of Laws, Managing Partner, Asianajotoimisto Jarmo Salmi Oy, Vice Chairman of the 
Board of Directors of Kiinteistö Oy Kosken-Keskus, has been the Chairman of the Board of Directors since 
2019, and a Member of the Board of Directors since 2014. 
 
Jyrki Mäkynen, Master of Science (Economics), entrepreneur, Oy HM Profiili Ab, Chairman of Etelä-
Pohjanmaan Korkeakoulusäätiö, Member of the Board of Directors of Fennia, Seinäjoki Joint Municipal 
Authority for Education Sedu, Entrepreneur Day Foundation, UEAPME Aisbl and Seinäjoki University of 
Applied Sciences, Member of the Seinäjoki City Council, has been the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors 
since 2014, and a Member of the Board of Directors since 2009.  
 
Aila Hemminki, Master of Economic Sciences, an expert in business projects in Seinäjoki University of Applied 
Sciences, RDI.  
 
Aki Jaskari, Master of Economic Sciences, CEO, Nerkoon Höyläämö Oy, Member of the Advisory Board of 
Leppäkosken Sähkö Oy, has been a member of the Board of Directors since 2014. 
 
Timo Kokkala, Master of Science in Agriculture and Forestry, farm operator, has been a member of the Board 
of Directors since 2014.  
 
Jaana Sandström, Doctor of Science (Technology), Professor of Strategic Accounting and Vice Rector for 
Education, LUT University, Vice Chairman of the Board of Foundation for Economic Education and the 
Chairman of the Steering Group on the Selection of Diploma Engineers and Architects., has been a member 
of the Board of Directors since 2019.  
 
Jarmo Partanen, Master of Arts, eMBA., has previously been the Chairman of OmaSp's Board of Directors in 
2014-2019. 
 
Board Committees 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer has on 18 October 2018 resolved to establish a remuneration committee. 
The remuneration committee consists of at least three members, elected annually from amongst and by the 
Board of Directors. The Board of Directors specifies the tasks of the remuneration committee within the rules 
of procedure adopted by the Board of Directors. The tasks of the remuneration committee consist of the 
preparation of the compensation and other economic benefits of the CEO and other management, the 
preparation of matters relating to the Company’s incentive schemes, the evaluation of the CEO’s and 
management’s compensation, caring for the appropriateness of the incentive schemes, the preparation of

--- Page 76 ---
75 
appointment matters in relation to the CEO and other management as well as the surveying of their successors 
and the development of the remuneration of the personnel and the organisation. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the members of the remuneration committee are Jarmo Salmi, Jyrki Mäkynen and Aila Hemminki. 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer carries out the tasks of the audit committee. 
CEO and Management Team 
 
CEO 
 
The Board of Directors appoints the Issuer’s CEO. The CEO supervises the Issuer’s day-to-day administration 
in accordance with the law, the Articles of Association, the directions of the Board as well as other regulations.  
 
Pasi Sydänlammi (born 1974) has been the Issuer’s CEO since Oma Savings Bank was established in 2009, 
and he acted as the CEO of Töysän Säästöpankki, one of the predecessors of OmaSp since 2007. Prior to 
this, he was the CEO of Lappajärven Osuuspankki. He holds a Masters of Administrative Sciences and an 
MBA degree. 
 
Management Team 
 
The Group's Management Team consists of the CEO and other members appointed by the Board of Directors. 
The management team’s purpose is to assist the CEO in managing the operations of the Issuer. At the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Management Team are as follows:  
 
Name 
Year born 
Position 
Appointed 
Helena Juutilainen 
1958 
Head of Legal 
2017 
Sarianna Liiri  
1981 
Chief Financial and Administrative Officer 
2015 
Ville Rissanen 
1971 
Director of the Digital Services 
2019 
Minna Sillanpää 
1970 
Chief Communications Officer 
2017 
Kimmo Tapionsalo 
1963 
Chief Risk Officer 
2016 
Pasi Turtio 
1974 
Deputy CEO, Customer Operations Director 
2008 
 
Helena Juutilainen has been Head of Legal since 2017. Earlier she has worked as legal counsel at Kuntien 
Tiera Oy and in Oy Samlink Ab. She holds a Master of Laws and she has trained on the bench. 
Sarianna Liiri has been the Chief Financial and Administrative Officer since 2018, prior to which she was the 
Administrative Officer between 2015 and 2018. She has also worked in various expert and supervisory 
positions in OmaSp and Etelä-Karjalan Säästöpankki. She holds an eMBA and a Master of Economic 
Sciences. 
Ville Rissanen has been Director of the Digital Services and Head of Digital Services since 2019. He has 
worked at Aktia Bank Ltd and at Gyllenberg Private Bank as IT Director. He has also served a Member of the 
Board of Directors of Aktia Finance Ltd and as a Deputy Member of the Board of Directors of Samlink Oy. He 
has been a member of the Representative Council of the Karjaan-Pohjan Savings Bank Foundation since 2016 
and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Påminne Oy since 2015. He has a Master of Economic Sciences. 
Minna Sillanpää has been Chief Communications Officer since 2017. She has worked as a CEO at the 
Regional Organization of Enterprises in South Ostrobothnia, as a CEO at EP:n Yrittäjien Palvelu Oy and as a 
deputy director at the  South Ostrobothnia Chamber of Commerce. Previously various positions as business 
manager. She holds degrees of MBA, Industrie- und Aussenhandelsassistent and Gross- und 
Aussenhandelskaufmann and a college degree in foreign trade. 
Kimmo Tapiosalo has been Chief Risk Officer since 2016 (a member of the Management Team since 2019), 
prior to which he was the Risk Manager between 2013 and 2015. He has also worked at Kantasäästöpankki 
Oy as the Banking and Corporate Banking Director and Head of Corporate Finance and at Aktia Plc as Head 
of Bank and Investment Advisor. He holds an eMBA and a Master of Economic Sciences. 
Pasi Turtio has been Deputy CEO since 2009 and Customer Operations Director since 2018. He has also 
worked at Kuortaneen Säästöpankkisäätiö as the managing director and Lammin Osuuspankki as a bank 
manager. He holds an Agrologist degree.

--- Page 77 ---
76 
Conflict of Interest 
 
The members of the Board of Directors, the CEO and members of the management team of the Issuer do not 
have conflict of interests with any duties to OmaSp and their private interests and/or their other duties. 
 
Corporate Governance 
 
In its decision making and governance, OmaSp applies the Finnish Companies Act, Act on Credit Institutions, 
Act on Savings Banks and the Issuer’s Articles of Association and the rules of procedure for its Board of 
Directors. Additional provisions on governance and more detailed definitions of the duties of each entity within 
OmaSp are included in the internal instructions, guidelines and rules of OmaSp. The Issuer also applies the 
rules and guidelines issued by Helsinki Stock Exchange. The Issuer also complies with the Finnish Corporate 
Governance Code issued by the Finnish Securities Market Association entered into force on 1 January 2020. 
 
Shareholders exercise their voting power at the general meeting, which is the Issuer's highest decision-making 
body. 
 
The Company’s Articles of Association include a stipulation regarding a Shareholder’s Nomination Board 
(“Nomination Board”). The Nomination Board’s task is to prepare proposals regarding the election of the 
members of the Board of Directors and their compensations for the next annual general meeting and, if needed, 
for the next extraordinary general meeting. 
 
The Issuer's Board of Directors makes decisions on the Issuer's business operations and strategic matters. 
Additionally, it is the Board of Director's responsibility to make decisions on the most significant matters related 
to the Issuer's operations and to select the Issuer's CEO. The Issuer’s Board of Directors consists of seven 
members. Jarmo Salmi is the chairman and Jyrki Mäkynen is the vice chairman.  
 
The Issuer's CEO is in charge of the day-to-day management in accordance with the instructions received 
from the Board of Directors. Pasi Sydänlammi is the CEO and Pasi Turtio is the deputy CEO. 
 
The Issuer’s auditor is Certified Public Audit firm KPMG Oy Ab with Authorised Public Accountant Fredrik 
Westerholm as the responsible auditor. Frederik Westerholm is a member of Finnish Auditors ry. 
 
Business Address 
 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO is Kluuvikatu 3, 7th floor, 00100 
Helsinki, Finland.

--- Page 78 ---
77 
SHARE CAPITAL AND OWNERSHIP 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s share capital was EUR 24,000,000 and the total number 
of shares issued was 30,150,188. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer owns 130,847 of the 
Issuer’s own shares, which do not entitle to any voting rights at the general meeting as long as the Issuer owns 
them. 
 
The shares of the Issuer are listed on the main list of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. (the Helsinki Stock Exchange). The 
following table sets forth the ten largest shareholders of Issuer that appear on the shareholder register as of 
30 April 2022: 
 
 
Name 
Number of Shares 
% of Shares 
Etelä-Karjalan Säästöpankkisäätiö 
9,078,759 
30.11 
Parkanon Säästöpankkisäätiö 
3,290,000 
10.91 
Töysän Säästöpankkisäätiö 
2,970,000 
9.85 
Kuortaneen Säästöpankkisäätiö 
1,920,000 
6.37 
Hauhon Säästöpankkisäätiö 
1,649,980 
5.47 
Rengon Säästöpankkisäätiö 
1,065,661 
3.54 
Suodenniemen Säästöpankkisäätiö 
805,000 
2.67 
Savolainen Heikki Antero 
786,254 
2.61 
Joroisten Oma Osuuskunta 
689,150 
2.29 
Elo Mutual Pension Insurance Company 
686,997 
2.28 
 
To the extent known to the Issuer, it is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any person for the 
purposes of Chapter 2, Section 4 of the Finnish Securities Markets Act and the Issuer is not aware of any 
arrangement the operation of which may result in a change of control of the Issuer.

--- Page 79 ---
78 
TAXATION 
The following is a summary limited to certain tax considerations in Finland and, as the case may be, the EU 
relating to the Notes as of the date of this Base Prospectus and subject to any changes in law, and is included 
herein solely for information purposes. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. Each prospective 
holder or beneficial owner of Notes should consult its tax advisor as to the tax consequences of any investment 
in or ownership and disposition of the Notes. 
  
Finland  
 
Non-resident Holders of Notes  
Payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer to persons that are non-residents of Finland for tax purposes 
and who do not engage in trade or business through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business 
in Finland may be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the 
Republic of Finland or by any municipality or other political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein.  
 
Resident Holders of the Notes  
 
Corporates  
 
Payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer to corporates residents of Finland for tax purposes may be made 
without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of Finland or by 
any municipality or other political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. The interest is subject to 
final taxation of the recipient in accordance with the Finnish Business Income Tax Act (laki elinkeinotulon 
verottamisesta 360/1968, as amended) or the Finnish Income Tax Act (tuloverolaki 1535/1992, as amended). 
As of tax year 2020, most Finnish corporate entities are taxed exclusively in accordance with the Business 
Income Tax Act. The current rate of corporate income tax is 20 per cent. Any gain or loss realised following a 
disposal of the Notes is taxable income or a tax deductible loss for the relevant noteholder. 
 
Individuals and Estates  
 
Payments of interest 
or interest compensation (secondary market compensation, in Finnish 
“jälkimarkkinahyvitys”) made to individuals or estates are generally subject to advance withholding of income 
tax under the Finnish Withholding Tax Act (ennakkoperintälaki 1118/1996, as amended) and final taxation as 
capital income in accordance with the Finnish Income Tax Act. The current income tax advance withholding 
rate is 30 per cent. The withholding liability should primarily lie with a possible paying agent or other 
intermediary (such as a financial institution) effecting the payment, if the paying agent or intermediary is a 
resident of Finland for tax purposes or the payment is made through a Finnish permanent establishment of a 
non-resident paying agent or intermediary. Payments made under the Notes are not subject to withholding tax 
according to the Finnish Act on Source Tax on Interest Income (laki korkotulon lähdeverosta 1341/1990, as 
amended). The capital income tax is 30 per cent (34 per cent of the capital income exceeding EUR 30,000). 
Any gain or loss realised following a disposal of the Notes is taxable income or a tax deductible loss for the 
relevant noteholder. Capital losses are deductible primarily from taxable capital gains and secondarily from 
other taxable capital income in the year of disposal and in the five subsequent calendar years.  
 
Transfer taxation 
 
Any investment in or disposition of the Notes is not subject to Finnish transfer tax under the Finnish Transfer 
Tax Act (varainsiirtoverolaki 931/1996, as amended). 
 
All prospective investors should seek independent advice as to their tax positions.

--- Page 80 ---
79 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Auditors 
 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2021 incorporated in this Base Prospectus by reference have been audited by KPMG Oy Ab, with 
Fredrik Westerholm, Authorised Public Accountant, as auditor with principal responsibility. 
 
Forward-looking Statements 
 
Certain statements in this Base Prospectus, including but not limited to certain statements set forth under the 
chapters “Risk Factors”, “Information about the Issuer” and “Financial and Trend Information”, are based on 
the beliefs of OmaSp’s management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to it, 
and such statements may constitute forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based 
on certain expectations, which, even though they seem to be reasonable at present, may turn out to be 
incorrect. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other 
important factors that could cause the actual results, realized revenues or performance to differ materially from 
the results, revenues and performance expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements of OmaSp. 
 
Such risks, uncertainties and other important factors include, among others things, the risks described in the 
section “Risk Factors”. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties to materialize, or should any 
underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, OmaSp’s actual results of operations, its financial condition or 
its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes could differ materially from those described here as 
“anticipated”, “believed”, “estimated” or “expected”. The forward-looking statements are not guarantees of the 
future operational or financial performance of OmaSp. 
 
The Issuer does not intend and does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements 
contained herein unless required by applicable legislation. 
 
Market Information 
 
This Base Prospectus contains information about OmaSp’s markets and estimates regarding the position of 
OmaSp therein. Where certain information has been derived from third party sources the name of the source 
is given. The Issuer confirms that any third party information has been accurately reproduced and that, as far 
as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third party, no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. However, neither the 
Issuer nor the Arranger have independently verified, and cannot give any assurances as to the appropriateness 
of such information. Should this Base Prospectus contain market data or market estimates in connection which 
no source has been presented, such information is based on the estimates of OmaSp’s management. 
 
Financial Information 
 
Financial information set forth in a number of tables in this Base Prospectus have been rounded. Accordingly, 
in certain instances, the sum of the numbers in a column or row may not conform exactly to the total figure 
given for that column or row. In addition, certain percentages presented in the tables in this Base Prospectus 
reflect calculations based upon the underlying information prior to rounding and, accordingly, may not conform 
exactly to the percentages that would be derived if the relevant calculations were based on upon the rounded 
numbers. 
 
In this Base Prospectus, references to “€”, “euro” or “EUR” are to the currency of the member states of the EU 
participating in the European Economic and Monetary Union. 
 
Availability of the Base Prospectus 
 
This Base Prospectus will be available starting on or about 6 May 2022 on OmaSp’s website at 
sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en/financing-and-bonds.

--- Page 81 ---
80 
No Incorporation of the Website Information 
 
This Base Prospectus, the Final Terms, the supplements of the Base Prospectus and the documents 
incorporated by reference hereto are available on the OmaSp’s website at www.omasp.fi. However, the 
information on OmaSp’s website otherwise or any other website does not form a part of this Base Prospectus, 
unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, and prospective investors 
should not rely on such information in making their decision to invest in the Notes. 
 
Notice to Investors in the European Economic Area (Other Than Finland) 
 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to the public. Therefore, this Base Prospectus has been 
prepared on the basis that all offers of the Notes in the European Economic Area (the EEA) will be made 
pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to produce a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation for offers of securities. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make 
any offer of the Notes within the EEA should only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for 
OmaSp or the Arranger to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for such offer. Neither 
OmaSp or the Arranger have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of securities through 
any financial intermediary. 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer to the public” in relation to any of the Notes in any 
EEA member state means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer of the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase any of the Notes, 
as the same may be varied in that EEA member state by any measure implementing the Prospectus Regulation 
in that EEA member state. 
 
Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors 
 
Each Lead Manager appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision:  
 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
 
Disclosure of Information 
 
OmaSp will publish its press and/or stock exchange releases in Finnish and in English.

--- Page 82 ---
81 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information has been incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus and it forms a part of the 
financial information of OmaSp. The information incorporated by reference is available at OmaSp’s website at 
sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en/financing-and-bonds. 
 
Document 
Information incorporated by 
reference 
Hyperlinks 
OmaSp’s Interim Report 1 January 
2022 – 31 March 2022, dated 2 
May 2022 
OmaSp’s Interim Report 1 January 
2022 – 31 March 2022 
https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/sites/
default/files/sijoittajalle/OmaSp%2
0Interim%20Report%201.1.-
31.3.2022.pdf  
OmaSp’s 2021 Annual Report, 
pages 43–150 
Audited consolidated financial 
statements of OmaSp as of and for 
the year ended 31 December 
https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/sites/
default/files/sijoittajalle/OmaSp%2
0Annual%20Report%202021.pdf  
OmaSp’s 2021 Annual Report, 
pages 151–154 
 
Auditor’s report for OmaSp as of 
and for the year ended 31 
December 2021 
https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/sites/
default/files/sijoittajalle/OmaSp%2
0Annual%20Report%202021.pdf  
OmaSp’s 2020 Annual Report, 
pages 56–160 
Audited consolidated financial 
statements of OmaSp as of and for 
the year ended 31 December 
2020. 
https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/sites/
default/files/sijoittajalle/OmaSp%2
0Annual%20Report%202020.pdf  
OmaSp’s 2020 Annual Report, 
pages 161–165 
Auditor’s report for OmaSp as of 
and 
for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 2020. 
https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/sites/
default/files/sijoittajalle/OmaSp%2
0Annual%20Report%202020.pdf  
OmaSp’s 
Capital 
and 
Risk 
Management Report 2021 
OmaSp’s 
Capital 
and 
Risk 
Management Report 2021 
https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/sites/
default/files/sijoittajalle/OmaSp%2
0Capital%20and%20Risk%20Man
agement%20Report%202021.pdf  
OmaSp’s Pillar III – Disclosure 
Report on capital adequacy and 
risk management 30 June 2021 
OmaSp’s Pillar III – Disclosure 
Report on capital adequacy and 
risk management 30 June 2021 
https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/sites/
default/files/sijoittajalle/OmaSp%2
0Pillar%20III%20Disclosure%20R
eport%20on%20capital%20adequ
acy%20and%20risk%20managem
ent%2030%20June%202021%20
%281%29.pdf

--- Page 83 ---
82 
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY 
In addition to the documents incorporated by reference, this Base Prospectus, the FIN-FSA decision of approval 
of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s Articles of Association and Extract from the Finnish Trade Register concerning 
the Issuer are available for viewing at OmaSp’s website at sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en/financing-and-bonds.

--- Page 84 ---
THE ISSUER 
Oma Savings Bank Plc  
Valtakatu 32 
53100 Lappeenranta 
Finland 
 
 
ARRANGER 
Danske Bank A/S 
c/o Danske Bank, Finland Branch 
Debt Capital Markets 
Kasarmikatu 21 B, PL 1613  
00130 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISOR TO THE ISSUER 
Borenius Attorneys Ltd 
Eteläesplanadi 2 
00130 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
 
THE AUDITOR OF THE ISSUER 
 
KPMG Oy Ab 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
00100 Helsinki 
Finland