--- Page 1 ---
Prospectus dated 27 August 2021 
 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of June 14, 2017 (the "Prospectus Regulation") of OMV Aktiengesellschaft ("OMV AG" or the 
"Issuer") in respect of non-equity securities ("Non-Equity Securities") within the meaning of Article 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation 
(the "Prospectus", which term shall include any supplements thereto published from time to time).  
 
 
 
 
 
OMV AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
(incorporated as a joint stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft)  
under the laws of the Republic of Austria) 
Euro 12,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of the Notes 
(the "Programme") 
 
In relation to notes issued under this Programme (the "Notes"), the Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance 
du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") of the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg ("Luxembourg") in its capacity as competent authority under 
the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the economic or 
financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of the 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. The minimum denomination of 
the Notes will be Euro 1,000 or, if any currency other than Euro, in an amount in such other currency equal to or exceeding the 
equivalent of Euro 1,000 at the time of the issue of the Notes. 
 
In order to be able to conduct a public offer and/or a listing on the Vienna Stock Exchange in relation to certain issues of Notes, the 
Issuer has requested the CSSF in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg act relating 
to prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et portant 
mise en oeuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129, the "Luxembourg Law") to provide the competent authorities in the Federal Republic 
of Germany ("Germany") and in the Republic of Austria ("Austria") with a certificate of approval attesting that the Prospectus has 
been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (each a "Notification") for an offer of such Notes in Germany and 
Austria and/or a listing of the Programme and/or such Notes on the Vienna Stock Exchange. The Issuer may from time to time request 
the CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional host Member States within the European Economic Area with a Notification. 
By approving a prospectus, the CSSF shall give no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the operation or the 
quality or solvency of the Issuer pursuant to Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law. 
 
The validity of the Prospectus will expire on 27 August 2022. Any obligation to supplement a prospectus in the event of 
significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when a prospectus is no longer valid. 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or with 
any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act). 
 
 
Arranger 
Barclays 
 
Dealers 
 
Barclays 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
 
Citigroup 
 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
 
Erste Group 
 
J.P. Morgan 
 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg  
 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG

--- Page 2 ---
2
 
Société Générale  
Corporate & Investment Banking 
 
UniCredit 
 
 
This Prospectus and any supplement thereto will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
under "www.bourse.lu" and will be available free of charge at the specified office of the Issuer. This Prospectus succeeds the 
Prospectus dated 4 June 2020, as supplemented, which expired on 5 June 2021, in respect of the Programme.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................. 4 
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................................. 6 
I. 
Risk Factors regarding OMV AG and the Group ................................................................................. 6 
II. 
Risk Factors regarding the Notes ....................................................................................................... 36 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT OF OMV AG ....................................................................................... 40 
IMPORTANT NOTICE ................................................................................................................................ 41 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................ 45 
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES................................................................................................................. 51 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND RELATED INFORMATION ................................. 55 
I. 
General Information applicable to the Notes ...................................................................................... 56 
II. 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................... 58 
III. 
Form of Final Terms ........................................................................................................................ 166 
WARNING REGARDING TAXATION .................................................................................................... 193 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .................................................................................................................... 194 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP ....................................................... 200 
ADDRESS LIST ......................................................................................................................................... 264

--- Page 4 ---
4 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
General 
 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement from time to time, subject to publication of a 
supplement to this Prospectus. 
 
Notes will be issued on a continuous basis in Tranches with no minimum issue size, each Tranche 
consisting of Notes which are identical in all respects. One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be 
consolidated and forming a single series and identical in all respects, but having different issue dates, 
interest commencement dates, offer prices and dates for first interest payments may form a series ("Series") 
of Notes. Further Notes may be issued as part of existing Series. The specific terms of each Tranche will be 
set forth in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The Notes may be issued to one or more of the Dealers and any additional dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis and 
may be sold on a syndicated and non-syndicated basis pursuant to respective subscription agreements. 
 
Consent to the use of the Prospectus 
 
With respect to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer may consent, to the extent and under 
the conditions, if any, indicated in the relevant Final Terms, to the use of the Prospectus for a certain period 
of time or as long as the Prospectus is valid in accordance with Article 12(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
and accepts responsibility for the content of the Prospectus also with respect to subsequent resale or final 
placement of Notes by any financial intermediary which was given consent to use the prospectus, if any.  
 
Such consent may be given to one or more (individual consent) specified Dealer(s) and/or financial 
intermediary/intermediaries, as stated in the Final Terms, and, next to the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, for 
the following member states, into which the Prospectus has been passported and which will be indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms: the Republic of Austria, the Federal Republic of Germany. 
 
Such consent by the Issuer is subject to each Dealer and/or financial intermediary complying with the terms 
and conditions described in this Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms as well as any applicable selling 
restrictions. The distribution of this Prospectus, any supplement to this Prospectus, if any, and the relevant 
Final Terms as well as the offering, sale and delivery of Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by 
law. 
 
Each Dealer and/or each financial intermediary, if any, and/or each person into whose possession this 
Prospectus, any supplement to this Prospectus, if any, and the relevant Final Terms come are required to 
inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. The Issuer reserves the right to withdraw its 
consent to the use of this Prospectus in relation to certain Dealers and/or each financial intermediary.  
 
The Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements published before 
such delivery. Any supplement to the Prospectus is available for viewing in electronic form on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
 
Potential investors should be aware that any website referred to in this document does not form part of this 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
 
When using the Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant further financial intermediary must make certain 
that it complies with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions. 
 
In the case of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or financial intermediary, this Dealer and/or 
financial intermediary will provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the Notes 
and the offer thereof, at the time such offer is made.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
If the Final Terms state that the consent to use the prospectus is given to one or more specified 
Dealer(s) and/or financial intermediary/intermediaries (individual consent), any new information 
with respect to financial intermediaries unknown at the time of the approval of the Prospectus or any 
supplements thereto or the filing of the Final Terms will be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 6 ---
6 
RISK FACTORS 
 
The following is a description of material risks that are specific to OMV AG and/or may affect its ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes and that are material to the Notes issued under the Programme in 
order to assess the market risk associated with these Notes. Prospective investors should consider these 
risk factors before deciding to purchase Notes issued under the Programme. 
Should one or several of the following material risks materialise, this could lead to a material decline in 
the price of the Notes or, in the worst-case scenario, to a total loss of interest and the amount invested by 
investors. 
Prospective investors should consider all information provided in this Prospectus, the documents 
incorporated by reference and any supplement thereto and consult with their own professional advisers if 
they consider it necessary. In addition, investors should be aware that the risks described may combine and 
thus modify one another. 
Each prospective purchaser of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is 
fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all 
investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment 
for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective purchaser may not rely on the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in 
connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters 
referred to above. 
The following material risk factors comprise two parts: 
I. 
Risk Factors regarding OMV AG and the Group; and 
II. 
Risk Factors regarding the Notes 
And, in each of these parts, risk factors are organized in categories depending on their respective nature. 
In each category the most material risk factors, based on the probability of their occurrence and the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact, are mentioned first. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions" of the Notes below shall have the same 
meanings in this section. Within this section "Risk Factors regarding OMV AG and the Group", the terms 
"OMV" and the "Group" mean OMV AG together with all of its subsidiaries.  
 
I. 
Risk Factors regarding OMV AG and the Group 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to 
express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with the Notes are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Notes, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the 
Notes for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of 
holding the Notes are complete. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their 
own views prior to making any investment decision. 
1. 
Risks related to the general financial and economic environment 
OMV is exposed to risks related to the general financial and economic environment, in particular in case 
of a recession or a crisis 
OMV is exposed to the general financial and economic environment, in particular due to the link of its 
business to the development of the general economy. In the past, several incidents and adverse conditions 
illustrated the potential impact of certain risks related to the general financial and economic environment on

--- Page 7 ---
7 
OMV, all of which can have material adverse effects on OMV's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. Such examples, which have led or could further lead to adverse and volatile economic 
environment include the global financial and economic crisis in 2007 and the following years, the sovereign 
debt crisis in the Euro zone countries (the "Euro zone", which includes 18 EU member states that have 
implemented the Euro as official currency) commencing in 2010, the United Kingdom leaving the EU 
("Brexit") in 2020.  
In particular, the outbreak of the coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 ("COVID-19") in late 2019, which caused the 
COVID-19 pandemic, has led to an adverse and volatile economic environment. In addition, also a non-
event driven general recession may cause an adverse financial and macroeconomic environment. As a 
consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic, significantly adverse market conditions have occurred. Since 
December 2019, the coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 spread in China and, shortly following, in all other 
countries of the world. The global COVID-19 pandemic and related health crisis caused a strong global 
economic recession. Several lockdown periods and containment measures in different countries on various 
continents during 2020 and in 2021 led to significant economic distortions along industrial production, 
trade, and supply chains and adversely affected all sectors reliant on contact intensive interactions (tourism, 
travel, hospitality, culture, entertainment). The Brent crude oil price started with peaks of US Dollar 
("USD") 65-70/ barrel ("bbl") in 2020 before a dramatic collapse to about USD 13/bbl during the second 
quarter of 2020, when the full impact of COVID-19 lockdowns hit the United States and Europe. As a 
consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic, global oil demand declined by 8.8 mn bbl per day ("bbl/d") in 
2020 after a record high level of 100.0 mn bbl/d in 2019. As a result, nearly all major oil products were 
impacted negatively. Demand for OMV's Downstream products (since 2021, the former "Downstream" 
segment is split into Refining & Marketing (comprising the fuels part of the Downstream Oil and 
Downstream Gas business) and into Chemicals & Materials (formerly the petrochemicals part of 
Downstream including Borealis AG ("Borealis"))), including in particular oil sales in the retail and 
commercial business (including aviation), significantly decreased, leading to lower sales and lower 
utilizations of OMV's refineries in particular in the second quarter of 2020. In relation to Borealis, the 
fertilizer business was affected by an increase of the gas price as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
operational issues at a Borealis production site in France as well as impairments and, accordingly, weaker 
industry margins, as opposed to stronger polyolefin margins. Capital markets recognized severe losses 
commencing in March 2020, leading to plunges in stock market prices, including also in OMV's price of 
shares, which are admitted to the Official Market of the Vienna Stock Exchange. On 12 April 2020, 
Members of OPEC and their allies, including Russia and Mexico, announced that they have agreed to cut 
production by 9.7 million bbl per day in May and June 2020, the deepest cut ever agreed to by the world's 
oil producers. Since its lows in April 2020, Brent oil prices have increased to levels of around USD 50/bbl 
at the end of 2020. This was also fueled by the positive mood around the start of vaccination programs and 
economic stimulus measures. Overall, the average Brent crude price was approximately USD 42/bbl in 
2020, its lowest level since 2004. OMV therefore amended its oil price assumptions in the third quarter of 
2020. For the year 2021, OMV – as of the date of this Prospectus – expects the average Brent oil price to be 
in the range of USD 65/bbl to USD 70/bbl; this new assumption was published in the context of the results 
of the first six months of the financial year 2021. OMV's previously communicated assumptions foresaw a 
Brent oil price of USD 60/bbl for 2022 (2019: assumption of USD 70/bbl for 2022) and 2023 (2019: 
assumption of USD 75/bbl for 2023) and a Brent oil price of USD 65/bbl for 2024 (2019: assumption of 
USD 75/bbl for 2024) and 2025, all at an expected EUR-USD exchange rate of 1.15.  
OMV expects that the global outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to have a major impact on 
global economic development and imposes risks for OMV. It cannot be excluded that expectations of re-
increased demand and further positive effects from the start of the vaccinations turn out to be incorrect. Oil 
and gas prices, prices for polyolefins, base chemicals and fertilizers as well as demand for OMV products 
may continue to be highly volatile. Continued increases in COVID-19 cases around the world and in 
particular in Europe as well as new COVID-19 "waves" could lead to delays in the assumed demand 
recovery, following the response of governments and citizens. Accordingly, it is currently not foreseeable 
how long the COVID-19 pandemic will last and whether or when the impacts on capital markets, business 
transactions and social life will be reduced or will cease altogether. Thus, the consequences of the COVID-
19 pandemic and the extent and duration of the economic impact cannot be reliably estimated. A further 
disruption of regional or global economic activity as well as capital and credit markets, leading to an even 
stronger decrease in demand for OMV's products, which could materially affect OMV's operations, 
financial results and liquidity, cannot be excluded. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and/or

--- Page 8 ---
8 
other comparable diseases impact OMV will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain 
and cannot be predicted. Measures taken by OMV to reduce the negative impact on the company in 
operational, human resources, financial and legal aspects to support business continuity may not be 
sufficient to appropriately minimize the impacts on OMV's operations, financial results and liquidity.  
Adverse financial and economic conditions as well as situations of a crisis may also lead to intensified 
competition for market share and available margin, with consequential adverse effects on volumes and 
prices. The financial and economic situation may also have a negative impact on third parties with whom 
OMV does, or will do, business. If there is an extended period of constraint in the capital or credit markets, 
at a time when cash flows from OMV's business operations may be under pressure or additional funds may 
be required, this may impact OMV's ability to fund its operations or required future investments, with a 
consequent negative effect on its business, and may impact shareholder returns, including dividends or the 
Issuer's share price. Changes in OMV's debt ratings could have a material adverse effect on its cost or 
sources of financing. Decreases in the funded levels of OMV's pension plans may increase OMV's pension 
funding requirements. OMV may ultimately face major challenges in a period of new or longer than 
expected adverse conditions. Oil and gas prices, prices for polyolefins, base chemicals and fertilizers as 
well as the respective margins could fall or remain lower than in previous times due to reduced demand 
and, as a result of reduced demand, higher reserves of crude oil in inventories could be built up. The degree 
to which producers reduce production, if at all, could also affect prices and margins, in particular if major 
oil-producing nations do not reduce crude oil production volumes despite reduced demand and/or high 
reserves of crude oil stored in inventories. At the same time, governments face greater pressure on public 
finances, including in particular to finance continued or future support of individuals and companies for 
relieving impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, leading to the risk of increased taxation.  
OMV particularly depends on the financial and economic environment in its Operating Region. There is 
a risk that certain countries of OMV's Operating Region may significantly be affected by deteriorating 
financial and economic markets 
OMV's global operations expose it to various potential risks that are specific to the different countries in 
which it operates. OMV in particular depends on the financial and economic environment of the countries it 
is operating in (the "Operating Region"). The Operating Region in particular includes the Central and 
South-eastern Europe ("CEE") region, New Zealand, Australia, Norway, Libya, Tunisia, Turkey, Yemen, 
Russia, Abu Dhabi, the Kurdistan Region of Iraq, Kazakhstan (in relation to which the closing of the sale of 
upstream assets by Petrom took place on 14 May 2021) and Malaysia as well as the regions covered by 
Borealis. The expansion and development of business activities in CEE and in the Middle East were central 
components of the strategy of OMV; a large portion of OMV's refining and oil product distribution network 
is located in CEE. Further, in January 2019, OMV acquired a 50% interest in SapuraOMV Upstream Sdn. 
Bhd. and entered Malaysia. In October 2020, OMV acquired an additional 39% stake in Borealis, which 
has a strong European presence and is active in the Middle East, Asia-Pacific as well as in North and South 
Americas. 
Financial and economic environments may significantly vary, depending on the respective country or 
region. Not all countries in the Operating Region have made equal progress in the development of their 
gross domestic product ("GDP") in the past. Positive trends in the past may not be sustainable. By way of 
example, in relation to the CEE region, the financial crisis that began in autumn 2007 and its resulting 
economic effects have triggered a recession in most countries in the region, the negative effects of which 
have been prolonged by the sovereign debt crisis in the Euro zone countries since 2010. Sharp declines in 
economic activity, combined with rising unemployment, public debt and financial capital outflows have 
significantly worsened the economic outlook for the region. Consequently, OMV has experienced and may 
continue to experience stagnating or declining sales in the CEE region. In addition, OMV's capital 
investments in these markets may prove to have been too high in light of economic conditions less 
favourable than those which OMV assumed when OMV made the investments. Parts of the Operating 
Region may also decrease in being receptive to foreign trade and investment. Any deterioration in the 
financial and economic conditions or climate for foreign trade and investment in the Operating Region 
could have a material adverse effect on the Operating Region's economy which, in turn, may have a 
negative impact on OMV's business, results of operations and financial condition. Were any of the 
following factors, which have been characteristic of the economy in some or all states of the Operating 
Region at various times during recent years, to recur or continue, this could have a negative influence on

--- Page 9 ---
9 
the investment climate in the Operating Region and may have a negative impact on OMV's business, results 
of operations and financial condition: 
 
significant declines in GDP and high government debt relative to GDP; 
 
unstable local currencies, high levels of inflation or restrictions on transfers of hard currency 
outside of states within the Operating Region; 
 
a weak banking system providing limited liquidity to domestic enterprises; 
 
widespread tax evasion; 
 
growth of a black and grey market economy, corruption and extensive penetration of organised 
crime into the economy; 
 
significant increases in unemployment and underemployment; and 
 
impoverishment of a large portion of the population. 
The economic development in several parts of the Operating Region is still subject to risks common to all 
regions that have undergone, or are undergoing, political, economic and social changes. The development 
of the financial and economic environment in several of these countries is often also linked to political 
developments. The countries in the CEE region, in which OMV operates that are not EU member states, 
Turkey, countries in the Middle East, in which OMV operates, as well as Malaysia and other countries in 
Asia-Pacific are not yet as stable and developed as EU member states. The possibility of significant 
changes or unpredictable developments still exists in sectors of the economy. Further, there is a risk that 
any adverse development in the worldwide financial and economic environment, either caused by a general 
recession or by incidents, a crisis, a disease or pandemic or by other adverse conditions may in particular 
hit several countries of the Operating Region which have lower GDP levels and/or less resources for 
governmental aid for individuals and companies to relieve impacts of any such adverse developments. 
The occurrence of any such event affecting the Operating Region's financial and economic environment 
may make operation in these countries subject to greater risks and uncertainties than in Western European 
jurisdictions and may have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
OMV in particular also depends on the political developments and environment, the social environment, 
the security and the (in)stability in its Operating Region.  
Potential risks that are specific to the different countries in which OMV operates also include risks resulting 
from political developments and environment, the social environment and the (in)stability in parts of the 
Operating Region. A significant portion of OMV's Operating Region is located in countries outside of the 
European Union, which provide for significant differences in the political, social and security 
environments.  
In certain countries of its portfolio, OMV's operations are exposed to political risks, including expropriation 
and nationalisation of property, civil strife and acts of war or terrorism. Political uncertainties in particular 
relate to Libya, Kazakhstan, Yemen, Russia and Tunisia, as well as other countries where OMV (including 
Borealis) operates and has financial investments. The development in these regions is subject to risks 
common to all regions that have recently undergone, or are undergoing, political and social changes; 
political systems may not yet be as stable and developed as EU member states. The possibility of 
significant changes or unpredictable political decisions and developments still exists in sectors of the 
economy and the law, such as taxation, foreign exchange controls and property law. Further, in such 
countries there is a higher risk of politically motivated exercise of influence or erratic and inconsistent legal 
or regulatory actions and interventions than in EU member states. Any future political or regulatory 
intervention may also have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, results of operations and financial 
condition.  
In addition, OMV's operations could become subject to the risk of expropriation and nationalisation, to 
which not all countries in the Operating Region apply the same standards as are commonly found in 
Western jurisdictions. In certain countries in which OMV is active, it may be difficult to repatriate 
investment and profits. If it is perceived that OMV is not respecting or advancing the economic and social 
progress of the communities in which it operates, its reputation and shareholder value could be damaged.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
In certain countries OMV is active in, the political climate is unstable and security continues to be an 
important concern, since the potential for attacks on employees and/or facilities, social unrest, including 
strikes and political protests and demonstrations remains high. A number of countries in North Africa and 
the Middle East, in particular Yemen, Tunisia and Libya have been and may continue to be subject to 
political unrest, including uprisings and government retaliation, as well as terrorist attacks and violence 
aimed against civilians, employees and facilities. By means of acts of terrorism, war and murder, the so-
called Islamic State (IS), an extremist militant group and self-proclaimed caliphate and Islamic state, had 
occupied parts of Iraq and Syria and implemented a fundamentalist regime in the past years. In addition, the 
Islamic State also gained limited territorial control in Libya and Yemen and acts of war between the Islamic 
State and Kurdish troops in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq have moved close to the Turkish border in 2015. It 
cannot be excluded that territories liberated, which were previously occupied by the Islamic State, may fall 
under IS control again in the future or may be subject to single or aligned acts of terrorism by this group or 
similar extremist groups. In Yemen, production was severely disrupted during 2011 for the first time due to 
attacks on the export pipeline used by OMV's operations. Since early April 2015, production in Yemen was 
completely shut-in due to security issues, leading to impairments of EUR 402 million on Upstream 
operations in Yemen by OMV in the financial year 2015. However, as the Habban field location has not 
been affected by the deteriorated security environment, comprehensive technical, commercial and security 
arrangements have been put in place to achieve resumption of production in Block S2 as of 1 April 2018. In 
the financial year 2020, oil production in Yemen was again affected by delays caused from the COVID-19 
pandemic and discontinued workover activities. Also in Libya, the security situation remains challenging: 
OMV's operations were negatively affected by the unstable political situation in Libya in recent years. 
OMV's assets in the west of Libya were shut in during November 2014, having operated on an intermittent 
basis throughout 2014, and remained generally shut in. In the financial year 2015, OMV accordingly made 
impairments of EUR 143 million on Upstream operations in Libya. OMV restarted operations in late 2016, 
recorded increased oil and natural gas liquids production in 2017 and was able to increase volumes in 2018 
from Libya. In 2019, production stoppages occurred due to insecurity. In January 2020, force majeure was 
declared in the Libyan oil fields and production in Libya came to a halt again for the larger part of the year 
due to the political instability, which resulted in the shut-down of oil export terminals between January and 
October 2020. Production resumed and steadily ramped up in the last two months of 2020. If the political 
and security climate in several of the countries of the Operating Region remains in its present state or 
deteriorates again, this could cause further production disruptions or shutdowns, which may have a material 
adverse effect on OMV's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
If political instability and acts of terrorism in one or more of the countries in the Operating Region continue 
or heighten or spill over to other regions close to the Operating Region, it could have wider political, social 
and economic consequences in the economies of the Operating Region and neighbouring countries such as 
regime changes, increased nationalism, restrictions on foreign ownership and possible violence as well as 
war and, as a result, on OMV's business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, if security 
measures implemented by OMV for its operation areas in affected regions fail or if operations in these 
countries will be or continue to be shut-in, this could have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
Organised crime, including extortion and fraud also impose a risk to businesses in parts of the Operating 
Region. Many countries in the Operating Region still face considerable weaknesses in the fight against 
corruption and organised crime. Property and employees may become targets of theft, violence or extortion. 
Threats or incidents of crime may force OMV to cease or alter certain activities or to liquidate certain 
investments, which may cause losses or have other negative impacts on OMV. OMV's operations could be 
adversely affected by illegal activities, corruption or claims implicating OMV in illegal activities. 
Corruption and theft may also arise within OMV and may have a material adverse effect on OMV's 
business, results of operations and financial condition.  
In case of a financial and economic turmoil, counterparties of OMV may fail. The failure of 
counterparties to pay amounts due may have a material adverse effect on OMV's business. 
Adverse financial and economic environment, a longer than expected period of adverse conditions or a 
financial and economic turmoil may lead to adverse effects on counterparties of OMV. Also in times of a 
stable financial and economic environment, OMV is exposed to the credit risk of counterparties, i.e. the 
potential exposure of OMV to losses in case counterparties fail to perform or pay amounts due. Credit risks 
arise from both commercial and financial partners. In case of an adverse financial and economic

--- Page 11 ---
11 
environment or of a turmoil, such risks may significantly increase. A severe crisis, including the ones 
experienced in the past in the Eurozone or the COVID-19 pandemic caused crisis, may affect the 
creditworthiness of OMV's business partners negatively and/or may cause OMV's assessments of the 
creditworthiness of its counterparties to become outdated rapidly. As a consequence, OMV may experience 
a higher level of counterparty failure. The realisation of such increased counterparty risk may have a 
material adverse effect on OMV's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Severe negative economic developments may cause unfavourable movements in interest rates. 
Interest on OMV's debt is partly indexed at a spread to benchmark rates such as the Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate ("EURIBOR"). Variable interest rates expose OMV to the risk of increasing interest rates while the 
risk associated with fixed interest rates lies in a possible decline in interest rate levels. By way of example, 
in the past years interest reference rates have been reduced significantly. The ECB's fixed rate for main 
refinancing operations has been lowered to 0.0% with effect from 16 March 2016 and has not been 
increased since then. Since the beginning of 2016, almost all EURIBOR interest rates (varying between one 
week and twelve months) have been negative.  
Interest rate swaps can be used to convert fixed rate debt into floating rate debt, and vice versa. As of 
31 December 2020, OMV had two outstanding USD interest rate swaps with a nominal amount of USD 
110 million in total, and one outstanding interest rate swap with a nominal amount of EUR 23 million (as of 
31 December 2019: no open position). Depending on any negative economic developments, there is a risk 
that interest rates may show unfavourable movements. It is currently not foreseeable how interest rates will 
develop in view of the aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic and the attempts by governments and central 
banks to support business and capital markets. Movements in interest rates, which are particularly caused 
by adverse economic developments, can have a material impact on OMV's finance expense in respect to its 
indebtedness and may have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Adverse developments of the financial and economic environment may lead to required changes of 
planning assumptions. Any such changes may cause significant impairments of OMV's assets and 
provisions for onerous contracts and changes in the valuations of Group assets, companies or 
participations. 
Developments in the financial and economic environment may require OMV to review and amend its 
planning assumptions. Factors requiring such amendments may include, in particular, changes in oil, gas 
and petroleum product and electricity prices as well as gas transportation capacities. Further, the current 
and forecasted demand for any of OMV's products is an important factor for OMV when reviewing and 
assessing its planning assumptions. Accordingly, OMV may be required to review and amend its planning 
assumptions in case of price declines, longer than expected periods of lower prices and/or signs of reduced 
or longer than expected low demand for OMV's products. 
Long-term planning assumptions are critical to the valuation of assets. Amendments of planning 
assumptions have significant impacts on OMV's financials. By way of example, in October 2015 OMV 
published its decision to review and adjust its oil price assumptions for both the short and longer term. 
These revised assumptions led to impairments of EUR 974 million recognised in the third quarter of 2015 
in the Upstream business, covering both assets under production and development, as well as exploration 
assets. Further reductions in the price of oil and gas, together with increased market volatility have caused 
OMV to review and adjust its price assumptions for both the short and longer term in January 2016, which 
mainly led to additional write-offs in the fourth quarter of the financial year 2015 of EUR 1.475 billion. 
The gas price assumptions (Central European Gas Hub ("CEGH") gas price) in Euro per megawatt hour of 
energy ("EUR/MWh") were revised to reflect the depressed European market conditions at that time as 
well. 
The global outbreak of COVID-19 and the related containment measures had a major impact on the global 
economic development and have led to a sharp decline in demand for products and services in 2020. As a 
consequence, there was a significant downward pressure on oil and gas prices, which resulted in the update 
of OMV's short-term oil and gas price assumptions. For the year 2021, OMV – as of the date of this 
Prospectus – now expects the average Brent oil price to be in the range of USD 65/bbl to USD 70/bbl; this 
new assumption was published in the context of the results of the first six months of the financial year 
2021. OMV's previously communicated assumptions foresaw a Brent oil price of USD 60/bbl for 2022 
(2019: assumption of USD 70/bbl for 2022) and 2023 (2019: assumption of USD 75/bbl for 2023) and a

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Brent oil price of USD 65/bbl for 2024 (2019: assumption of USD 75/bbl for 2024) and 2025, all at an 
expected EUR-USD exchange rate of 1.15. As of the date of this Prospectus, OMV expects average 
realized gas prices to be higher than EUR 12/MWh for 2021, EUR 12/MWh for 2022, EUR 13/MWh for 
2023, EUR 14/MWh for 2024 and EUR 13/MWh for 2025. The change in the short-term assumptions in 
the first quarter of 2020 led to a post-tax impairment of EUR 84 million for the producing oil and gas 
assets, mainly related to assets in New Zealand. Also for the full year 2020, OMV recorded net special 
items of EUR (1.282) billion mainly as a result of impairments triggered by OMV's revision of its long-
term price assumptions for Brent crude oil. For intangible exploration and evaluation assets, OMV recorded 
a write-off (impairment) of EUR 779 million in 2020. The extent and duration of the economic impact of 
the COVID-19 crisis and its aftermath cannot be reliably estimated from today's perspective.  
For the years 2026 until 2029, OMV assumes a Brent oil price of USD 65/bbl which is expected to 
gradually decline to USD 60/bbl until 2035. From 2035 onwards, OMV applies a Brent oil price of 
USD 60/bbl. Accordingly, OMV expects a long-term trend of declines in Brent oil prices over the next 
decades. 
A prolonged period of adverse developments of the financial and economic environment may lead to 
significant impairments of OMV's assets and provisions for onerous contracts and changes in the valuations 
of Group assets, companies or participations. This as well as several other reasons could cause significant 
impairments and changes of valuations of Group assets, Group companies or of OMV's participations. This 
may in particular apply to Group companies or participations of OMV traded on capital markets as well as 
in case of said changes in long-term oil or gas price and foreign exchange rate assumptions. In certain 
cases, OMV may be forced to devaluate its participations in Group companies or participations due to 
mandatory accounting principles. Any significant changes in the valuation of assets, Group companies or 
participations may have a material adverse effect on OMV's results of operations and financial condition. 
Such factors may also affect OMV's ability to maintain its strategies, which are typically based on certain 
assumptions concerning price developments. This could prevent OMV from maintaining earnings and cash 
flows at a level sufficient to meet its targets, pursue its strategy and to fund OMV's capital expenditure.  
Adverse financial market conditions may affect OMV's ability to refinance at all or at favourable terms. 
Inadequacy of available financing options may lead to negative impacts on the pursuit of OMV's 
strategy. 
There is a risk that adverse economic conditions cause significantly negative effects on financial market 
conditions and the ability of public and private credit markets to provide financings. By way of example, 
the costs and availability of financing have been adversely affected by the crisis in the financial markets 
after 2008. On a short-term, the COVID-19 pandemic has led to significant decreases on capital markets 
worldwide and has negatively affected the availability of funding at pre-crisis costs. Risk premiums 
increased in the second quarter of 2020. By way of example, on 9 April 2020, OMV has issued senior 
bonds with a total volume of EUR 1.75 billion, consisting of three tranches (EUR 0.5 billion at a coupon of 
1.500% due 2024; EUR 0.5 billion at a coupon of 2.000% due 2028; and EUR 0.75 billion at a coupon of 
2.375% due 2032), with proceeds from the issue of the notes in particular to be used for the financing of the 
acquisition of the additional 39% stake in Borealis. In addition, in June 2020, OMV issued senior bonds of 
in aggregate EUR 1.5 billion, consisting of two tranches of EUR 750 million each, with terms of three 
years (coupon of 0.000%) and ten years (coupon of 0.750%). On top, in September 2020, OMV issued two 
hybrid bonds of EUR 750 million (coupon of 2.50% until the first call date) and EUR 500 million (coupon 
of 2.875% until the first call date). It cannot be excluded that impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, in 
particular increased public expenses for supporting individuals and companies for relieving impacts of the 
COVID-19 pandemic and associated increases in public indebtedness, may have a negative impact on the 
future terms for OMV to refinance. If the financial market environment were to deteriorate again or if 
adverse market conditions last longer than expected, OMV may also encounter difficulties in refinancing its 
financial obligations at all, when required (which could lead to a liquidity bottle neck) or it may be able to 
refinance only at increased market rates. In such challenging financial market conditions, it might 
especially be difficult for OMV to obtain funds on the bank or capital market. As a reaction to the COVID-
19 pandemic, OMV decided on an action plan which comprises postponing investment and acquisition 
projects totalling EUR 1.5 billion, in particular the interest in Achimov 4A/5A in Russia. The acquisition of 
Achimov 4A/5A will only be held as an option and will only be realized if its value will be attractive from 
OMV's point of view and OMV's financial framework will allow it.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
OMV (including in particular also its subsidiary Borealis) are also exposed to risks related to uncertainties 
in determining appropriate financing strategies for their needs and closing such financing needs at 
favourable terms. Borealis estimates its funding needs to grow in the future, in particular in view of the 
major growth projects in its portfolio in the chemicals business, inter alia including the propane 
dehydrogenation plant at the existing Borealis production site in Kallo, Belgium, and the Baystar joint 
venture. There is a risk that OMV will not be able to execute the determined financing strategies at 
favourable terms. 
The inability of OMV to refinance via bank or capital markets would have a material adverse effect on its 
liquidity position and might lead to a liquidity bottle neck in case of payment obligations being due. Should 
OMV be unable to ensure its liquidity, that it retains the necessary financial flexibility and maintains 
sufficient liquidity reserves in form of committed credit lines and short-term uncommitted money market 
lines, this could have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, results of operation and financial 
condition. In a worst case, an inability of OMV to refinance via bank or capital markets could result in its 
insolvency. Further, obtaining inadequate or unfavourable financings for its financing needs might expose 
OMV to higher than expected and/or unreasonable financing terms, which may cause OMV to decide on 
reducing financing needs and strategic investments and which could have a material adverse effect on 
OMV's business, results of operation and financial condition. 
2. 
Strategic Risks 
OMV might have to acquire or develop additional oil and gas reserves to sustain its current reserve and 
production levels and to adjust its portfolio as envisaged as part of OMV's strategy. 
OMV's future production is dependent on its success in finding and developing or acquiring additional 
proven oil and natural gas reserves. A material part of OMV's current reserves consists of mature oil and 
gas fields in Romania and Austria. In 2020, OMV's three-year average Reserve Replacement Rate ("RRR") 
came in at 138% after 166% in 2019, 160% in 2018, 116% in 2017, 70% in 2016, 73% in 2015 and 87% in 
2014. For the year 2020, the single-year rate was 102% after 135% in 2019, 180% in 2018 and 191% in 
2017. In 2020, proved reserves remained stable despite the challenging market environment. Major 
contributions came from successful drilling and development activities in the United Arab Emirates, Russia 
and Norway, and the positive production performance in Russia, Norway and New Zealand. 
On 3 October 2018, OMV and Gazprom signed a basic sale agreement which foresees an acquisition by 
OMV of a participation in the Achimov 4A/5A development project for a purchase price to be negotiated in 
good faith. Such agreement replaced the binding basic agreement signed in December 2016, which 
provided for a potential asset swap. On 7 June 2019, OMV disclosed that OMV and Gazprom have signed 
an amendment agreement to the basic sale agreement, which provided for, in particular, a purchase price of 
EUR 905 million for the potential acquisition of Achimov 4A/5A by OMV. On 6 March 2020, OMV 
further disclosed that OMV and Gazprom signed another amendment agreement to the basic sale agreement 
dated 3 October 2018, which now foresees, in particular, an extension of the negotiation phase for the final 
transaction documents on a non-exclusive basis until June 2022. Thus, in March 2020, in response to the 
global spread of the SARS-CoV-2 virus, OMV announced an action plan under which inter alia investment 
and acquisition projects totalling EUR 1.5 billion shall be postponed, including also the interest in the 
Achimov 4A/5A phase developments in Russia. The acquisition of Achimov 4A/5A will only be held as an 
option and will only be realized if its value will be attractive from OMV's point of view and OMV's 
financial framework will allow it. Therefore, it is currently not foreseeable whether the potential purchase 
of the 24.98% interest in the Achimov 4A/5A phase development will be completed at all. 
There is a risk that OMV's exploration and development activities or efforts to purchase proven reserves, 
including the potential acquisition of the minority interest in the Achimov 4A/5A phase development, may 
fail, or its discoveries or purchases may turn out to be insufficient to replenish its current reserves. The 
challenges to extend OMV's reserves are growing due to increasing competition for access to opportunities 
globally. Additional exploration and production from oil reserves can also be limited by international 
cartels such as OPEC. If OMV is unsuccessful, it will not meet future production targets and its total 
proven reserves will decline, which will have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, results of 
operations and financial condition. In connection with exploration projects, OMV faces numerous 
challenges. These include uncertain geology, frontier conditions, availability of new technology and 
engineering capacity, availability of employees, project delays and cost overruns, as well as technical,

--- Page 14 ---
14 
fiscal, regulatory, political and other conditions. Such obstacles may impair these projects and, in turn, 
OMV's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
OMV is exposed to several risks related to its oil and natural gas reserves, to the reserve estimates and 
the respective data. 
OMV is exposed to risks related to oil and natural gas reserves, to the reserve estimates and the respective 
data. The reserves data set forth in this Prospectus represents only estimates and should not be construed as 
exact quantities. Also, OMV has to rely on estimates for several of its operations and activities. Numerous 
uncertainties are inherent in estimating quantities of proven reserves, future rates of production, and the 
timing of development expenditures. The reliability of proved reserve estimates depends on a number of 
factors, assumptions and variables, many of which are beyond OMV's control. These include: 
 the quality and quantity of available geological, technical and economic data;  
 
whether the prevailing tax rules and other government regulations, contractual conditions, 
abandonment and decommissioning requirements, oil, gas and other prices will remain the same as 
on the date the estimates were made;  
 the production performance of OMV's reservoirs; and  
 extensive engineering interpretation and judgment. 
Estimates may vary significantly from the actual quantities of oil and gas reserves that may be recovered. 
Results of drilling, testing and production after the date of the estimates may require substantial downward 
revisions in OMV's reserves data. As oil and gas reserves are an indicator of the future potential of the 
Group's performance, they have an impact on OMV's financial statements as they are the basis for (i) 
production profiles in future cash flow estimates, (ii) depreciation, amortization and impairment charges 
and (iii) the valuation of the financial asset related to the reserves redetermination right out, e.g. of the 
acquisition of an interest in the Yuzhno Russkoye field in 2017. 
OMV may fail in the accurate estimation of oil and gas reserves, including due to factors beyond OMV's 
control. There is a risk that the oil and gas reserves estimate may have a negative impact on OMV's 
financial statements through impairment testing, depreciation and amortization, decommissioning provision 
estimate or changes in decommissioning requirements and the valuation of the financial asset related to the 
reserves redetermination right. Any downward adjustment of reserve estimates could lead to lower future 
production and higher depreciation charges, and thus adversely affect OMV's results of operations, 
financial condition and future prospects.  
OMV is dependent on natural gas supplies from Russia. Gas supplies from Russia may be interrupted. 
OMV's gas supply contracts with Gazprom could be modified or may not be renewed. 
OMV depends on supplies of natural gas from Russia for its gas supply, marketing and trading business. In 
2020, approx. 6% (2019: 6%; 2018: 8%) of its total natural gas supplies were sourced from Russia.  
At the beginning of 2009, for instance, a fortnight-long halt of Russian gas imports affected large parts of 
Europe and there can be no assurance that OMV will not experience interruptions in the future and that 
OMV would be able to compensate any disruptions to supply or short delivery. Further, the political 
conflict between Russia and the European Union in light of political developments in Ukraine/Crimea since 
2014 increases the risk of further interruptions and/or increasing costs of gas supply from Russia, which 
may have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, results of operations and financial condition. In 
April 2017, OMV, together with ENGIE, Shell, Uniper and Wintershall, committed to fund 50% of the 
total costs of up to EUR 9.5 billion for the Nord Stream 2 project. OMV's commitment under financing 
agreements with the project company Nord Stream 2 AG amounted to up to EUR 950 million. OMV, 
however, has not provided any financing after 15 July 2020. The financial commitment by the European 
companies OMV, Wintershall, Uniper, Shell and ENGIE underscores the Nord Stream 2 project's strategic 
importance for the European gas market, contribution to competitiveness as well as medium and long-term 
energy security. 
OMV's current supply contracts with Gazprom effectively expire in 2040. The contract parties (Gazprom 
and OMV) could, however, modify the terms of the agreements under certain circumstances, as such long-
term supply contracts contain clauses under which both parties have the right to demand price revisions in 
case of changing market conditions. If Gazprom fails to perform under OMV's supply agreements, or if the

--- Page 15 ---
15 
agreements are modified or not renewed, OMV might not be able to find alternative sources of natural gas 
on comparable terms or on a timely basis, which may have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
An OMV subsidiary had a material supply contract with Enerco for Russian gas to assure constant gas-
supply for the Turkish market, negotiated in US Dollar as reference currency. As Enerco suspended its 
deliveries in January 2019, OMV Enerji Ticaret AS, who could overcome the supply deficiencies by third 
party supply, terminated the contract in September 2019. Enerco is objecting this termination and the 
parties could so far not reach an amicable solution. 
OMV's acquisitions and divestment transactions lead to numerous risk exposures. 
OMV has completed a number of acquisitions in the past and has actively aimed at optimising its portfolios 
through acquisitions and divestments. By way of example, OMV's most significant past acquisitions 
include a 51.01% interest in the Romanian oil and gas company Petrom and a 100.00% interest in OMV 
Petrol Ofisi A.Ş., a leading oil marketing firm in Turkey, which was divested in 2017. In 2009, OMV 
acquired a 10% share in Pearl Petroleum Company Limited ("Pearl") which is active in oil and gas 
development, exploration and production in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq. In 2013, OMV completed the 
acquisition of significant production and development assets in Norway and in the United Kingdom (West 
of Shetland) from Statoil for USD 2.65 billion; however, in 2017, OMV closed the sale of 100% of the 
shares in OMV (U.K.) Limited to Siccar Point Energy Limited for a transaction value of up to USD 1 
billion. OMV started exploration in Gabon together with Ophir Energy, a London-listed exploration 
company, entered an offshore exploration project in Namibia and, in 2014, expanded its portfolio in 
Madagascar. In 2016, OMV however exited Gabon, Namibia and onshore Madagascar in view of its 
amended strategy and, in 2018, closed the sale of the Upstream companies active in Pakistan. Also in the 
filling station business, OMV actively participated in acquisitions and divestments: In 2015, OMV acquired 
66 filling stations in Austria and 6 filling stations in Slovenia by means of acquiring the Austrian company 
FE-Trading GmbH, whereas OMV closed the sale of up to 68 filling stations in the Czech Republic in 
summer 2016. On 12 March 2020, OMV announced that it has started the sales process for the potential 
divestment of its premium filling station business in Germany, which includes a network of 285 filling 
stations in southern Germany with focus on Bavaria and Baden-Württemberg operated by OMV's 
subsidiary OMV Deutschland GmbH. On 14 December 2020, OMV and EG Group reached an agreement 
for the acquisition of such filling stations by EG Group. The transaction is subject to required regulatory 
approvals and closing is expected in 2021. Further, in June 2021, OMV announced that OMV and MOL 
Group reached an agreement for MOL Group to acquire OMV Slovenia. The agreement encompasses 120 
filling stations as well as OMV's wholesale business in Slovenia and is part of OMV's current divestment 
strategy for certain assets and participations. 
OMV's potential purchase of a minority interest in the Achimov 4A/5A developments from Gazprom, 
which is currently only optional for OMV as well as the 24.99% share in the Russian Yuzhno Russkoye 
field in Western Siberia acquired from Uniper SE in 2017 for a purchase price of EUR 1,719 million are 
also significant examples for potential and completed acquisitions by OMV. In relation to Achimov 4A/5A, 
it is currently not foreseeable whether the potential purchase of the 24.98% interest in the Achimov 4A/5A 
phase development will be completed at all. In 2019, OMV acquired from Abu Dhabi National Oil 
Company ("ADNOC") a 15% share in Abu Dhabi Oil Refining Company ("ADNOC Refining") and a 
15% share in ADNOC Global Trading Ltd ("AGT"), a trading joint venture. The transaction resulted in a 
cash outflow of EUR 2,095 million related to the acquisition of the ADNOC Refining business in 2019, 
including related transaction costs and foreign exchange hedging impacts. Already in April 2018, OMV had 
signed an agreement for the award of a 20% stake in the offshore fields in Abu Dhabi, SARB and Umm 
Lulu, as well as the associated infrastructure for an agreed participation fee of USD 1.5 billion. The end of 
2018 also marked the closing of OMV's acquisition of Shell’s Upstream business in New Zealand, which 
comprised joint venture interests in Pohokura (48%), the largest gas producing field in the country, and 
Maui (83.75%), as well as related infrastructure for production, storage and transportation. The transaction 
purchase price amounted to USD 0.6 billion. In 2019, OMV and Sapura Energy Berhad ("Sapura 
Energy") closed the agreement to form a strategic partnership. OMV Exploration & Production GmbH, a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of OMV Aktiengesellschaft, bought a 50% stake of the issued share capital in a 
new joint venture company, which is called SapuraOMV Upstream Sdn. Bhd, for USD 540 million and an 
additional consideration of up to USD 85 million. In 2019, the portfolio has been further optimized with the

--- Page 16 ---
16 
agreed divestment of the 69% stake in the Maari oil field in New Zealand, the exit from Madagascar in 
September 2019, and the streamlining of the Upstream portfolio in Romania. 
At the end of October 2020, OMV closed the largest acquisition ever conducted by it, being the purchase of 
an additional stake of 39% in Borealis (see the risk factor "OMV's growth strategy may be less successful 
than expected. In particular, OMV's strategy in connection with significant investments may fail or may 
turn out to be of less economic benefit to OMV than planned" below for further details). The transaction is 
the largest acquisition in OMV's history and is inter alia supported by a divestment program of several of 
OMV's assets in an amount of EUR 2 billion by the end of 2021. In line with OMV's strategy to divest 
certain assets, on 12 March 2020, OMV and VERBUND AG announced to open negotiations on an 
exclusive basis for the sale or purchase of OMV's 51% stake in Gas Connect Austria GmbH ("GCA"). The 
purchase of OMV's 51% stake in GCA by VERBUND AG was closed on 31 May 2021. The purchase price 
agreed for the 51% OMV stake in GCA amounts to EUR 271 million, less dividend payouts for the 
financial year 2020 totaling around EUR 33 million. In addition, VERBUND AG assumed the outstanding 
liabilities of Gas Connect Austria GmbH to OMV of around EUR 212 million. Under the conditions of the 
purchase agreement, VERBUND AG has paid approximately EUR 451 million to OMV. The sale is part of 
OMV's strategy of exiting the regulated gas transport business and engaging in proactive portfolio 
management. At the same time, OMV remains active in the gas trading and gas storage business. As part of 
the EUR 2 billion divestment program, OMV also signed the divestment of the retail network in Germany, 
given its limited integration with the Burghausen refinery, and closed the divestiture of the Upstream assets 
in Kazakhstan, allowing Petrom to focus on the Black Sea region. OMV's subsidiary Borealis has also 
decided to start a process of divesting its nitrogen business unit including several of its fertilizer product 
related assets, as well as technical nitrogen and melamine products. 
Acquisitions (and later divestments in the course of portfolio optimisation efforts) raise significant 
management and financial challenges, including: 
 the need to integrate the acquired company's infrastructure, including management information 
systems, risk and asset-liability management systems;  
 the resolution of outstanding legal, regulatory, contractual or labour issues arising from the 
acquisition, including potential litigations and/or arbitrations; further, this includes the risk of 
administrative fines if e.g. merger control applications are not filed in jurisdictions judged to be of 
minor significance or where the legal situation is unclear; 
 the integration of marketing, customer service and product offerings;  
 the integration of different company and management cultures;  
 the realisation of targeted synergies; 
 the ability to assess in a timely manner whether acquisitions made should be divested again in case 
of less successful developments 
Moreover, integrating and consolidating acquired operations, personnel and information systems requires 
the dedication of management resources that may divert attention from its day-to-day business and disrupt 
key operating activities, difficulties that may be increased by the necessity of coordinating geographically 
separated organisations. 
There can be no assurance that OMV will be able to identify future acquisition targets, that acquired 
businesses will be fully integrated into OMV, or that expected cost savings and revenue generation 
opportunities will be realised. Therefore, some of OMV's past acquisitions have not, and future acquisitions 
may not, achieve the initially defined goals and consequently may become part of portfolio optimisations 
including, but not limited to, divestments. In case of on-going and further future divestments, OMV may 
not be able to receive purchase prices adequately reflecting the original purchase prices paid or investments 
made in the acquired companies or their businesses. Likewise, there can be no assurance that existing or 
future joint ventures and cooperations will turn out satisfactory and the strategic goals will be reached. In 
particular, commercial or other problems of OMV's joint ventures and cooperation partners may have a 
negative effect on OMV. Strategic decisions to sell previously acquired assets led to several divestments, 
including the ones outlined above. Given the challenging crude price environment, it cannot be excluded 
that the restructuring of OMV's exploration and appraisal projects portfolio may include further scale down 
of activities or farm down of participation in certain ventures or projects as well as acquisitions of

--- Page 17 ---
17 
explorations in other regions. It cannot be excluded that OMV may in the future sell other assets or 
participations for strategic reasons. In particular, OMV commenced a divestment program of several of 
OMV's assets in an amount of EUR 2 billion by the end of 2021. Also, OMV's action plan in reaction to the 
COVID-19 pandemic inter alia foresees that investment and acquisition projects totalling EUR 1.5 billion 
shall be postponed, including the interest in the Achimov 4A/5A phase developments. As of the date of this 
Prospectus, the acquisition of Achimov 4A/5A will only be held as an option and will only be realized if its 
value will be attractive from OMV's point of view and OMV's financial framework will allow it. 
Materialisation of any such risks related to the potential failure of acquisitions and divestments may have a 
material adverse effect on OMV's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
OMV's growth strategy may be less successful than expected. In particular, OMV's strategy in 
connection with significant investments may fail or may turn out to be of less economic benefit to OMV 
than planned. 
In the past, OMV has pursued an active growth strategy, including, by way of example, the possible 
purchase of a 24.98% stake in the Achimov 4A/5A phase developments, the acquisition of shares in two 
companies providing for 24.99% of the economic rights in the production of the Yuzhno Russkoye field in 
Western Siberia, as well as the purchase of an additional share of 39% in Borealis, which was meanwhile 
completed: 
 In 2016, OMV and Gazprom entered into a basic agreement providing for a potential asset swap 
entitling OMV to a 24.98% interest in the Achimov 4A/5A phase development in the Urengoy gas 
and condensate field in Western Siberia (Russia). In October 2018, OMV and Russia's Gazprom 
signed a basic sale agreement which provided for a potential acquisition by OMV of said 24.98% 
interest in the Achimov 4A/5A phase development, replacing the potential asset swap. On 6 March 
2020, OMV disclosed that OMV and Gazprom signed another amendment agreement, which now 
foresees, in particular, an extension of the negotiation phase for the final transaction documents on 
a non-exclusive basis until June 2022. In March 2020, in response to the global spread of the 
coronavirus, OMV announced an action plan under which inter alia investment and acquisition 
projects totalling EUR 1.5 billion shall be postponed, including also the interest in the Achimov 
4A/5A phase developments in Russia. The acquisition of Achimov 4A/5A will only be held as an 
option and will only be realized if its value will be attractive from OMV's point of view and 
OMV's financial framework will allow it. If the potential acquisition should be further pursued, 
OMV faces several risks associated with investments and joint ventures. The initial plan provided 
for purchasing a minority stake of less than 25% in the Achimov 4A/5A developments. With a 
minority share, OMV would eventually not be in a position to influence business decisions in 
relation to these developments. Even in case of in-depth due diligences and assessments, there is 
the risk that OMV may fail in achieving the initially defined goals of the intended acquisition. It 
cannot be excluded that assets purchased from Gazprom, if any, may in the future turn out to have 
lower valuations than OMV projected at the time of an acquisition. Further, in particular in view of 
the action plan under which inter alia investment and acquisition projects totalling EUR 1.5 billion 
shall be postponed, the transaction with Gazprom may eventually not be concluded or, if 
concluded, there can be no assurance that the intended transaction will turn out satisfactory and the 
strategic goals will be reached. Political risks in relation to Russia and in relation to business 
cooperations with Russian companies could also adversely affect the success of the intended 
acquisition. 
 
On 30 November 2017 OMV closed the acquisition of shares in two Russian companies (OJSC 
Severneftegazprom and JSC Gazprom YRGM Development) from Uniper SE for a purchase price 
of EUR 1,719 million. The transaction provided for OMV receiving 24.99% of the economic 
rights in the production of the Yuzhno Russkoye field in Western Siberia. OMV's partners in this 
field are Gazprom and Wintershall. As part of the acquisition, OMV took over a contractual 
position towards Gazprom with regard to the reserves determination, which provides for either 
compensation of Gazprom by OMV or compensation of OMV by Gazprom, depending on whether 
actual amounts of gas reserves turn out to be higher or lower than contractually agreed, based on a 
determination expected to take place in 2023. The estimated volume of gas reserves in the field is 
assumed by OMV to be lower than the contractually agreed volume. OMV is also committed to 
paying an additional consideration for its participation in the development and production of 
certain deeper layers, the amount of such consideration to be agreed between OMV and Gazprom.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Also in relation to this completed transaction similar risks exist: OMV faces several risks 
associated with investments and joint ventures and may not be in a position to influence business 
decisions as intended. Initially defined goals may not be achieved, and economic valuations may 
turn out to be inaccurate. Political risks also apply to the Yuzhno Russkoye business activities of 
OMV. 
 Following the completion of the purchase of an additional stake in Borealis of 39%, which was 
acquired from Mubadala Investment Company as of 29 October 2020, OMV now owns a 75% 
interest in Borealis, a leading provider of solutions in the fields of polyolefins, base chemicals and 
fertilizers. The transaction is the largest acquisition in OMV's history and is inter alia supported by 
a divestment program of several of OMV's assets in an amount of EUR 2 billion by the end of 
2021, including the sale of the 51% stake in GCA to VERBUND AG, which was completed in 
May 2021. The purchase price of the transaction amounts to USD 4.68 billion. The Borealis 
transaction involves several risks associated with significant acquisitions. In addition, more than 
half of OMV's current total petrochemical production is sold to Borealis as a single customer. In 
view of the full consolidation of the results of Borealis, the dependency on Borealis by OMV has 
now significantly increased. 
Also OMV's subsidiary Borealis has in the past pursued an active growth strategy. OMV considers 
Borealis a platform for future growth of OMV and aims at bringing on stream its current organic 
growth projects, e.g. a new propane dehydrogenation plant in Belgium, in which approximately 
EUR 1 billion will be invested, envisaged to be in operation in 2023, a new ethane steam cracker 
unit in Bayport, Texas, expected to start operations still in 2021 as well as the construction of the 
new Borstar® polyethylene (PE) unit targeted to be operational in 2022 and further developments 
at Borouge. 
Risks outlined above are in particular linked to the significant investments made and to be made by OMV 
in the course of its growth strategy. Such investments involve large amounts of investments by OMV and, 
hence, the success of OMV's strategy in relation to such investments is decisive for the economic benefit of 
the respective transaction. Materialisation of any of the mentioned risks may have a material adverse effect 
on OMV's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
OMV's strategy in connection with the Nord Stream 2 project may fail. 
OMV's involvement as a financing partner in the Nord Stream 2 pipeline project with Gazprom, an 
international gas pipeline with a total capacity of 55 billion cubic meters a year and stretching approx. 
1,220 km through the Baltic Sea from the Russian coast to Germany near Greifswald, has been developed 
in 2016 and 2017: In April 2017, OMV, together with ENGIE, Shell, Uniper and Wintershall, committed to 
fund 50% of the total costs of up to EUR 9.5 billion for the Nord Stream 2 project. OMV's commitment 
under the financing agreements with the project company Nord Stream 2 AG, all of which shares are held 
by Gazprom, amounts to up to EUR 950 million or 10% of the total costs. As of the date of this Prospectus, 
OMV's funding of the project for the Nord Stream 2 pipeline project amounted to approx. EUR 729 million 
(drawdowns excluding accrued interest) and OMV has not provided any financing after 15 July 2020. 
OMV's wider strategic reorientation in Downstream Gas is associated with several risks, in particular if the 
strategic shift aiming at reducing investments in the regulated low return gas logistics business and 
reinvesting in projects with higher anticipated return potential fails or turns out to be less successful than 
anticipated.  
In addition, political and regulatory developments both inside and outside of Europe may have detrimental 
effects on the Nord Stream 2 project and/or OMV's financing of the project. On 15 April 2019, the Council 
of the European Union adopted an amendment of the Directive 2009/73/EC which extended the scope of 
EU energy law to all gas transmission lines between an EU member state and a third country, up to the 
border of the EU member states territory and territorial sea. EU member states had to transpose the new 
rules into national law by 24 February 2020. In Germany, the law implementing the new rules in local law 
became effective on 12 December 2019. This law may have a material effect on the Nord Stream 2 project 
and/or OMV's financing of the project. Nord Stream 2 completion may fail, be significantly delayed or 
operations be affected, or the project may not be as successful as anticipated by OMV. Further, on 6 
October 2020, the Polish Competition Authority issued a decision in which it stated that the agreements 
entered into between OMV Gas Marketing Trading & Finance B.V., ENGIE, Gazprom, Shell, Uniper and 
Wintershall for the financing of the Nord Stream 2 project constitute the implementation of a concentration

--- Page 19 ---
19 
without obtaining a prior clearance from the Polish Competition Authority and thus a breach of Polish 
merger control regulations. The Polish Competition Authority imposed a fine amounting to approximately 
EUR 19,571,000 on OMV Gas Marketing Trading & Finance B.V. and a demerger measure ordering the 
termination of the agreements for financing of the Nord Stream 2 project. On 5 November 2020, OMV Gas 
Marketing Trading & Finance B.V. appealed the decision. The appeal has suspensive effect.  
Materialisation of any of the mentioned risks may have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
OMV is exposed to several risks related to climate change. Amendments of existing climate protection 
regulations, new strict climate regulations as well as reputational threats constitute significant risks for 
OMV. 
OMV considers several risks related to climate change being specific for OMV.  
Under the European Union Emission Trading Scheme launched in January 2005, producers of greenhouse 
gas emissions are granted limited amounts of emission allowances for free; if the emissions exceed the 
amount of allocated allowances, producers of greenhouse gases are obliged to reduce their level of 
emissions or acquire additional allowances. 
OMV needs emission allowances for some of its business activities. If OMV's emissions exceed the amount 
of allowances allocated to OMV, OMV will have to reduce its emissions and/or acquire additional emission 
allowances (which may be scarce and consequently only obtainable at high cost). The amount of 
allowances may therefore prove to be a factor limiting expansion of some of OMV's facilities. Tightening 
of rules in the European Union's Emission Trading Scheme might lead to increased production costs, which 
in turn might significantly affect OMV's international competitiveness. OMV's operations are dependent on 
the allocation of sufficient allowances under the EU Emission Trading Scheme. Shortage of emission 
allowances or an increase in production costs may have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, 
results of operations and financial condition.  
As the reduction of CO2 emissions is one of the key policy goals of the European Union, there is a risk that 
in the mid-term and long-term European CO2 prices might rise, as the current CO2 certificates oversupply 
will continue to decline. EU legislations might increase pressure for low carbon emissions with direct 
impact on prices. On 14 July 2021, the European Commission presented the so-called 'Fit for 55 package', a 
set of proposals to revise and update EU legislation aiming to bring the EU's climate and energy legislation 
in line with its target to reduce emissions by at least 55% by 2030. The European Commission proposes, 
inter alia, to tighten the existing European Union's Emission Trading Scheme and lower the annual 
emissions cap. In case of stricter future rules, compliance with laws, regulations and obligations relating to 
climate change and carbon pricing could result in substantial capital expenditure and reduced profitability 
from higher operating costs and lower revenues and may have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
In certain parts of the world, consumer behaviour has commenced to change in search of alternatives to oil 
and gas-based energy supplies. Further, in several countries the public discussion about fighting climate 
change and the public pressure on governments to impose stricter rules have increased. There is a risk that 
decarbonization policies may in the future force OMV to operate on a net carbon neutral basis, in particular 
triggered by the enforcement of the Paris Climate Change Agreement. An imbalance between the 
certificates allocated and emission volumes required by OMV's operations would result in higher costs, 
inter alia generated by the uncertainties around allowance demand and abatement costs. Failing to 
implement energy efficiency projects due to finances or insufficient resources may in the future keep 
OMV's energy consumption at high levels, which would in turn lead to higher production costs. Further, 
future oil and gas explorations in countries OMV is active in could be banned by governments in the future. 
All of this may have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, results of operations and financial 
condition.  
OMV is exposed to changes in the tax laws or royalty regimes in the Operating Region. 
OMV is active in several countries and any of these countries could modify its tax laws or royalty regimes 
in ways that would adversely affect OMV. OMV is subject, among others, to corporate taxes, energy taxes, 
petroleum revenue taxes, concessions, royalties, customs surcharges and excise duties, each of which may 
affect OMV's sales and earnings. In addition, OMV is exposed to changes in royalty regimes and taxes 
imposed on crude oil and gas production.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
In general, there is a risk that several governments may decide to counter adverse impacts on their budgets 
resulting from attempts to reduce negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic by massive fiscal 
interventions and high tax regimes. Such risk may in particular apply in countries with unstable economies 
and weaker recovery ability after the COVID-19 pandemic. Additional taxes or increases in mineral 
extraction tax with the intention to raise budget revenues may have a material adverse effect on OMV's 
business, results of operations and financial condition.  
Additionally, by way of example, Petrom is facing a change in the Upstream taxation since 2018: The 
Romanian Parliament had resolved on the approval of the Government Ordinance 7/2013 on natural gas 
supplementary taxation which in particular includes an increase of the tax rate from 60% to 80% for the gas 
sales revenues above 85 RON/MWh and the introduction of the tax as a permanent tax, as temporary 
application until 31 December 2018 was eliminated. These provisions are applicable since 1 April 2018. By 
virtue of the tax provisions in Law 256/2018 (the "Offshore Law"), the supplementary tax regulated by 
Government Ordinance 7/2013 shall be applied only to onshore production, while to the offshore gas 
production the tax on supplementary offshore revenues shall be applied. The Offshore Law includes the 
following main provisions for the tax on supplementary offshore revenues, some of which may still be 
subject to clarifications from authorities (whereby the prices in RON/MWh are subject to indexing for 
inflation from 1 January 2019 onwards): Tax rates are 30% for gas sales at prices between 45.7 and 85 
RON/MWh, between 15% and 60% at prices in a range of 85 and 190 RON/MWh and 70% at prices above 
190 RON/MWh. The tax on supplementary offshore revenues is calculated based on the maximum between 
the gas sales price and the reference price determined by the Romanian National Agency for Mineral 
Resources ("NAMR") for the calculation of royalties. Investments from work programs approved by 
NAMR, including those recorded in the books prior the Offshore Law entering into force, are deducted for 
the determination of the tax on supplementary offshore revenues up to a limit of 30% of the calculated 
offshore tax. Investments taken into account for the deduction from the tax on supplementary offshore 
revenues cannot be used for corporate income tax deductions. Some of the tax provisions of the Offshore 
Law may be subject to clarifications from authorities and/or secondary legislation. The tax on 
supplementary offshore revenues was introduced despite the contractual and tax stability principle 
applicable to the existing offshore fields according to provisions of individual petroleum agreements and 
Emergency Ordinance 160/1999 regarding the introduction of measures to stimulate the activities of 
titleholders and their subcontractors that carry out petroleum operations in offshore perimeters that include 
areas with water depths higher than 100 meters, that was abrogated by the Offshore Law. However, the 
Offshore Law includes provisions on royalty and stability for specific upstream oil and gas tax regime, 
which may be subject to clarifications from authorities. The Offshore Law entered into force as of 17 
November 2018. Following the Emergency Ordinance 114/2018 adopted at the end of December 2018 and 
subsequently amended in March 2019 by Emergency Ordinance 19/2019, a contribution to Regulatory 
authority in an amount of 2% from the turnover/ margin realized by each gas and electricity license holder 
was included. Between 1 May 2019 and 28 February 2022, the price for domestic gas sold by gas producers 
from current production for deliveries in Romania was set to RON 68 /MWh for household clients and 
thermal energy for cogeneration and households. Between 1 March 2019 and 28 February 2022, the 
producers of power were also obliged to sell electricity under regulated conditions to the suppliers of 
households. However, following Emergency Ordinance no. 1/2020 enactment, the regulated wholesale gas 
price was eliminated starting from 1 July 2020 and no regulated prices were set for companies producing 
power from gas starting with January 2020. The 2% turnover tax was also replaced at the beginning of the 
year with a tariff set by the energy regulator (ANRE) following the previous methodology. 
Changes in royalty and tax regimes may relate to OMV's current or planned operations in the countries it 
operates in and may affect OMV's strategic decisions for future operations.  
Significant changes in the tax regimes of countries in which OMV operates or regarding the level of 
production royalties OMV is required to pay, may have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
Certain relationships with stakeholders could result in conflicts of interest. 
OMV has various business relationships with suppliers, customers, investors and other stakeholders, all of 
them pursuing their own interests, which, as a rule, deviate from each other and may be incompatible with a 
shareholder's interests. Conflicts of interest may further result from

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
functions which OMV AG has in its Group companies, e.g. the interests of OMV AG as a 
shareholder of its less than wholly-owned subsidiaries may differ from the interests of other 
shareholders of these subsidiaries; 
 
functions which OMV AG's board members hold in entities with whom OMV is doing business: 
By way of example, Supervisory Board member Karl Rose currently holds a function as strategy 
advisor of ADNOC. OMV is of the view that this function does not provide for an actual conflict 
of interest as Mr Rose has not involved himself in any relevant approvals of Abu Dhabi related 
projects of OMV's Supervisory Board and also does not work on any projects of ADNOC that 
may create a conflict with his position at OMV. It nevertheless cannot be excluded that such 
function appears to bear a conflict of interest from a third-party perspective. Further, by way of 
example, Mark Garrett, chairman of the Supervisory Board of OMV, is chief executive officer of 
Marquard & Bahls AG, Germany, with which OMV concluded supply contracts under normal 
market and industry terms and conditions (including consideration). Elisabeth Stadler, member 
of the Supervisory Board of OMV, is chairwoman of the executive board of VIENNA 
INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe and holds several functions with 
companies included in this insurance group. OMV maintains customary insurance agreements 
with VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe as well as certain 
subsidiaries of this insurance group. Supervisory Board member Stefan Doboczky is chairman of 
the executive board of Lenzing AG. Lenzing AG is a customer of OMV for sulphur in an amount 
of 21,000 metric tons per year; and 
 
functions of representatives of Österreichische Beteiligungs AG ("ÖBAG"; previously 
Österreichische Bundes- und Industriebeteiligungen GmbH ("ÖBIB")) and Mubadala in OMV 
AG's Supervisory Board: One member of the Issuer's Supervisory Board, Alyazia Al Kuwaiti, has 
held different functions at IPIC (which was the former direct shareholder of OMV controlled by 
Abu Dhabi) until 2017 and currently is executive director for Upstream & Integrated at Mubadala 
Investment Company PJSC, the indirect sole shareholder of Mubadala Petroleum and 
Petrochemicals Holding Company L.L.C ("MPPH"), and another newly elected member of the 
Issuer's Supervisory Board, Saeed Al Mazrouei, currently is Deputy Chief Executive Officer, 
Direct Investments, at Mubadala Investment Company PJSC, the indirect sole shareholder of 
MPPH. Further, Stefan Doboczky, Elisabeth Stadler, Christoph Swarovski and Cathrine Trattner 
have been elected, Supervisory Board member Karl Rose has been re-elected to the Supervisory 
Board of OMV AG by the Annual General Meeting as of 14 May 2019 and Supervisory Board 
member Mark Garrett has been elected to the Supervisory Board of OMV AG by the Annual 
General Meeting as of 29 September 2020 following their nomination by ÖBAG. Gertrude 
Tumpel-Gugerell, member of the Supervisory Board, has been nominated by the nomination 
committee of ÖBIB (now ÖBAG) and proposed to the Supervisory Board. She was elected by the 
Annual General Meeting as of 19 May 2015 and re-elected by the Annual General Meeting on 29 
September 2020. It cannot be excluded that such Supervisory Board members, in fulfilling their 
duties as Supervisory Board members, will take interests of ÖBAG and Mubadala Investment 
Company PJSC/MPPH into account that may conflict with other investors' interests. 
OMV's investment with partners and in joint ventures may reduce its ability to manage risks and costs. 
Certain of OMV's major projects and operations are conducted with partners or in joint ventures. OMV's 
investment with partners and in joint ventures may reduce its ability to manage risks and costs. OMV could 
have limited influence over and control of the behaviour and the financial capabilities of its partners and the 
performance of operations in which it is engaged. OMV may therefore also be unable to influence 
important decisions to be taken. The following examples illustrate the importance of joint ventures for 
OMV:  
 
OMV and Gazprom are parties to basic sale agreement dated 3 October 2018 related to a 
potential acquisition of a 24.98% participation of OMV in the Achimov 4A/5A blocks in a gas 
field in northern Siberia from Gazprom. In response to the global spread of the coronavirus, 
OMV announced an action plan under which inter alia investment and acquisition projects shall 
be postponed, including also the interest in the Achimov 4A/5A phase developments in Russia. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the acquisition of Achimov 4A/5A will only be held as an 
option and will only be realized if its value will be attractive from OMV's point of view and 
OMV's financial framework will allow it.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
In November 2017 OMV closed the acquisition of shares in two Russian companies for a 
purchase price of EUR 1,719 million from Uniper SE, under which OMV received 24.99% of 
the economic rights in the production of the Yuzhno Russkoye field in Western Siberia. 
 
In April 2018, OMV was awarded a 20% stake in ADNOC’s offshore concession SARB (Satah 
Al Razboot, with the satellite fields Bin Nasher and Al Bateel) and Umm Lulu as well as the 
associated infrastructure. The agreed participation fee amounted to USD 1.5 billion and the 
duration of the contract is 40 years. Production start-up from the concession took place in 
September 2018, showing an initial capacity of 10,000 barrels per day (net to OMV). Expected 
long-term plateau production is 40,000 barrels (also net to OMV). Later in 2018, OMV and 
ADNOC signed another concession agreement awarding OMV a 5% interest in the Ghasha 
concession with a duration of 40 years, comprising Ghasha megaproject. According to 
ADNOC’s planning, the project should start production around the middle of this decade.  
 
In January 2019, OMV and Sapura Energy have closed the agreement to form a strategic 
partnership. Under the agreement, OMV Exploration & Production GmbH, a wholly owned 
subsidiary of OMV Aktiengesellschaft, has bought a 50% stake of the issued share capital in a 
new joint venture company established in 2019, called SapuraOMV Upstream Sdn. Bhd. OMV 
paid USD 540 million for its 50% interest in SapuraOMV Upstream Sdn. Bhd. In addition, the 
parties agreed to an additional consideration of up to USD 85 million based on certain 
conditions, mainly linked to the resource volume in Block 30, Mexico, at the time the final 
investment decision is taken. Both parties have also agreed to refinance the existing inter-
company debt of USD 350 million.  
 
Also in 2019, OMV acquired a 15% share in ADNOC Refining and a 15% share in AGT, a 
trading joint venture. The transaction resulted in a cash outflow of EUR 2,095 million related to 
the acquisition of the ADNOC Refining business in 2019, including related transaction costs and 
foreign exchange hedging impacts.  
 
Borealis has two major joint ventures: Borouge (United Arab Emirates/Singapore), a provider of 
innovative, value creating plastics solutions, is a joint venture between the Abu Dhabi National 
Oil Company (ADNOC) and Borealis, and Bayport Polymers LLC, a joint venture between Total 
Petrochemicals & Refining USA, Inc. (50%) and Borealis (50%, held via Novealis Holdings 
LLC) combining Total’s expertise in operating major industrial platforms with the Borealis 
proprietary Borstar technology to deliver a broad range of products to help meet the growing 
global demand for plastic products. 
Any materialisation of any risks associated with investments and joint ventures with partners, in particular 
in case of the inability to manage risks and costs or to influence decisions to be taken, may have a material 
adverse effect on OMV's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The legal systems as well as procedural safeguards in certain regions or countries of the Operating 
Region are not yet fully developed and material changes in law may occur. 
The legal systems in parts of the Operating Region may be subject to greater risks and uncertainties than 
more mature legal systems, in particular those in Western Europe. In particular, risks associated with parts 
of the Operating Region's legal systems include: (i) unavailability of and inconsistencies between and 
among the countries' constitutions and various laws, presidential decrees, governmental, ministerial and 
local orders, decisions, resolutions and other acts; (ii) provisions in the laws and regulations that are 
ambiguously worded or lack specificity and thereby raise difficulties when implemented or interpreted; and 
(iii) difficulty in predicting the outcome of judicial application of legislation. By way of example, the Iraqi 
government has over the past years contested the legality and validity of all Exploration and Production 
contracts concluded in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq and uncertainty over their enforceability continues. 
Further, in areas controlled by the Islamic State for certain periods, previously applicable laws did no 
longer apply but were replaced by sharia law as interpreted by the Islamic State. Moreover, in some 
jurisdictions in which OMV is active, the legal framework for the various lines of business may change at 
any time, including changes that would include nationalisation of individual lines of business. This inter 
alia applies to Russia, countries in the Middle East as well as Malaysia.  
The independence of the judicial systems in parts of the Operating Region and their immunity from 
economic and political influences remains questionable. Court systems are often understaffed and

--- Page 23 ---
23 
underfunded and may have a large backlog of unresolved cases, which often causes proceedings to take 
several years, and their independence may be threatened by budgetary reliance on the national government. 
Enforcement of court orders and judgments can, in practice, be very difficult, time-consuming and may fail 
for a variety of reasons. In some circumstances, it may not be possible to obtain the legal remedies provided 
for under relevant laws and regulations within reasonable time or at all. CEE countries, Turkey, certain 
countries in the Middle East and Malaysia may also lack an institutional history, and there may be no 
generally adhered to or observed procedural guidelines. As a result, shifts in government policies and 
regulations tend to be more frequent and less predictable. In many cases, the interpretation and procedural 
safeguards of new legal and regulatory systems are still being developed, which may result in an 
inconsistent application of existing laws, regulations or procedural measures and uncertainty as to the 
application and effect of new laws, regulations and procedural measures. This is especially true for 
Romania, which joined the EU in 2007, and for Turkey.  
Any such inconsistency, insufficiency or unpredictable change in the legal system of any of these countries 
or unpredictable application of laws in such countries may have a material adverse effect on OMV's 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Certain countries in the Operating Region currently have a number of laws related to various taxes imposed 
by central and local authorities. These tax laws and their implementing regulations may be unclear and 
subject to frequent changes and amendments. Differing opinions regarding legal interpretations may exist 
both among and within governmental ministries and organisations, including the tax authorities, creating 
uncertainties and areas of conflict. Tax declarations/returns, together with other legal compliance areas (e.g. 
customs and currency control matters), are subject to review and investigation by a number of authorities, 
which are authorised by law to impose substantial fines, penalties and interest charges. These circumstances 
generally create tax risks in parts of the Operating Region which are more significant than those typically 
found in countries with more developed tax systems, in particular those in Western Europe. The occurrence 
of any such event affecting parts of the Operating Region's legal and tax systems may make operation in 
these countries subject to greater risks and uncertainties than in Western European jurisdictions and may 
have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Furthermore, OMV is dependent on exploration rights and is, therefore, in several less-developed countries 
of the Operating Region subject to the risk that it does not obtain the necessary licenses or that such 
licenses are not renewed or are renegotiated on terms unfavourable to OMV. Inability to obtain such rights 
would considerably affect OMV's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Political instability, bureaucracy, corruption, deficiencies of the legal system and economic contraction 
may adversely affect OMV's operations in Romania, in particular in relation to the Neptun development. 
OMV's business operations in Romania may face a number of adverse conditions and heightened legal, 
economic and political risks as compared to Western European standards. The relationship between 
government and business may be impaired by bureaucratic inefficiency, a lack of transparency and 
instances of corruption. Together with Bulgaria and Hungary, Romania ranks lowest among the EU 
member states in the Transparency International Corruption Perceptions Index 2020 (source: 
https://www.transparency.org/en/cpi/2020/index/nzl). Its legal and judicial systems may not always provide 
the same recourse and sanctions (e.g. against corruption) as are found among most other EU member states 
and enforcement may, in practice, be unpredictable, difficult and/or time-consuming. 
By way of example, as a result of the global economic and financial crisis and the related currency losses 
suffered by the RON and Romania's downgrade to below investment grade by the rating agencies Standard 
& Poor's and Fitch Ratings in late 2008, both consumer and corporate purchasing power fell, and 
investment plans were reconsidered. The country's economic output contracted sharply in 2009 and 
decreased further in 2010. These conditions and developments resulted in a deterioration of the business 
and investment climate. Any new similar crisis would have a material adverse effect on operations in 
Romania and therefore on OMV's business, results of operations and financial condition. The rating of 
Romania by Standard & Poor's is BBB- (stable outlook), while Moody's Investors Service rates Romania as 
Baa3 (negative outlook) and Fitch Ratings as BBB- (negative outlook), the lowest investment grade, 
substantiated by the government's low debt ratios and access to multilateral finance and moderate medium-
term growth.  
Furthermore, there are a number of agencies that are authorised to conduct audits (controls) of companies 
doing business in Romania. These controls are similar in nature to tax audits performed by tax authorities in

--- Page 24 ---
24 
many countries but may extend not only to tax matters but to other legal and regulatory matters in which 
the applicable agency may be interested. In addition, the agencies conducting these controls may be subject 
to significantly lower regulation and the company under review may have significantly lower safeguards 
than it is customary in many countries. It is likely that Petrom will continue to be subject to controls from 
time to time for violations and alleged violations of existing and new laws and regulations. The reviews and 
controls by agencies and any resulting penalties could have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
One of OMV Upstream's (since 2021, the former Upstream segment is renamed into "Exploration & 
Production") key projects is Neptun Deep, representing the deepwater sector of the XIX Neptun block in 
the Romanian Black Sea, where Petrom is conducting activities through a joint venture with ExxonMobil 
(operator), which is likely to divest from the project. In case ExxonMobil will complete the deal with 
Romgaz, Petrom will take over operatorship of Neptun Deep. In relation to this project, there is a risk that 
the final investment decision is further delayed. Unstable fiscal regimes might also negatively affect such 
final investment decision. In addition, risks also comprise gas price related risks as well as gas market 
limitations, where inter alia physical constraints to transport the gas to the market might have materially 
adverse effects. 
3. 
Market Risks 
A decline in the prices of and/or the demand for crude oil, natural gas, petroleum products, 
petrochemical products, electricity and gas transportation capacities would have an adverse effect on 
OMV. 
The demand for and prices of crude oil, natural gas, petroleum products, petrochemical products and 
electrical power depend on a variety of factors over which OMV has no control, including: 
 global and regional economic environment and political developments in resource-producing 
regions, in particular in the Middle East, including also sanctions against oil exports from certain 
countries;  
 international supply and demand; 
 the levels of reserves of crude oil stored in inventories worldwide or in certain geographic regions 
as well as the crude oil storage capacities;  
 the level of consumer and industry demand;  
 weather conditions and other environmental impact;  
 movements of summer and winter spreads; 
 the price, availability and attractiveness of alternative products;  
 actions taken by governments;  
 governmentally regulated supply tariffs for gas and electrical power; 
 governmentally regulated tariffs for regulated transport infrastructure;  
 the impact of certain economic and political events (including foreign currency exchange); and 
 the ability and willingness of international cartels (such as OPEC) and oil-producing nations to 
influence production levels and prices as well as the decisions taken by such cartels or oil-
producing nations.  
Historically, international crude oil and natural gas prices have fluctuated widely. A material decline in the 
price of crude oil or natural gas or longer periods of low prices have a material adverse effect on OMV's 
results of operations and reserves estimates. By way of example, after the low of USD 26/bbl in January 
2016, oil prices increased to USD 50/bbl in December 2016, especially following the agreement of OPEC 
members in November 2016 to cut production by 1.2 million barrels (natural gas and oil equivalent in 
million barrels – "mn bbl"), and to USD 66.5/bbl at the end of the year 2017. In 2018, the agreement 
among the 24-member OPEC alliance to extend the cap on production, the withdrawal of the USA from the 
international nuclear deal with Iran, and the threat of sanctions combined to push up the price of Brent 
crude to an annual high of USD 86.2/bbl in early October 2018, followed by a sharp drop by USD 36/bbl to

--- Page 25 ---
25 
an annual low of USD 50.2/bbl by year-end 2018. In 2019, oil prices rose from the start of the year to mid-
May 2019, reaching the high for the year at nearly USD 75/bbl but fell again below USD 66/bbl in August 
2019. Since the beginning of 2020, the Brent oil price has dramatically decreased. On 6 March 2020, OPEC 
members and Russia failed to agree on a cut to oil production that would have responded to the sharp 
decrease in demand from the COVID-19 pandemic. Consequently, oil prices dropped, with a dramatic 
collapse to about USD 13/bbl during the second quarter of 2020, when also the full impact of COVID-19 
lockdowns hit the United States and Europe. The price for North American WTI oil for May 2020 contracts 
even dropped to significant lows below zero. Following its lows in April 2020, Brent oil prices have 
increased to levels of around USD 50/bbl at the end of 2020. The gradual start of vaccination activity to 
protect against COVID-19 infections helped the oil price continue its positive trend into the first three 
months of 2021. By mid-March 2021, the Brent indicator price was approaching the USD 70/bbl mark. 
However, news of vaccine delays and reinstating lock-down measures aiming to counter a new surge in 
infections in Europe ended the trend in the final weeks of the first quarter 2021. OMV's view is that the 
highly volatile market environment will continue. Further, in particular in the second quarter of 2020, the 
outbreak of the coronavirus (COVID-19) led to a significant turmoil on capital markets as well as 
quarantines, curfews and/or significantly reduced business transactions and social life in most of the 
countries OMV is active in. As a consequence, demand for OMV's Downstream products (since 2021, the 
former "Downstream" segment is split into Refining & Marketing (comprising the fuels part of the 
Downstream Oil and Downstream Gas business) and into Chemicals & Materials (formerly the 
petrochemicals part of Downstream including Borealis), including in particular oil sales in the retail and 
commercial business (including aviation), has significantly decreased, leading to lower sales and lower 
utilizations of OMV's refineries. It is currently not foreseeable how long the COVID-19 pandemic and its 
aftermath will last and whether or when the impacts on capital markets, business transactions and social life 
will cease at all. All of this may have a further future impact on oil prices and the demand for OMV's 
products. For the year 2021, OMV – as of the date of this Prospectus – expects the average Brent oil price 
to be in the range of USD 65/bbl to USD 70/bbl; this new assumption was published in the context of the 
results of the first six months of the financial year 2021 . OMV's previously communicated assumptions 
foresaw a Brent oil price of USD 60/bbl for 2022 (2019: assumption of USD 70/bbl for 2022) and 2023 
(2019: assumption of USD 75/bbl for 2023) and a Brent oil price of USD 65/bbl for 2024 (2019: 
assumption of USD 75/bbl for 2024) and 2025, all at an expected EUR-USD exchange rate of 1.15. 
European gas markets have been negatively impacted in the first quarter of 2020 by a combination of full 
storages and warmer than expected temperatures. On top of this already weak market environment, starting 
from mid-March 2020, a substantial negative impact from COVID-19 was seen throughout Europe. 
Significant global liquefied natural gas ("LNG") oversupply triggered by massive capacity ramp-ups 
further depressed gas prices. As of the date of this Prospectus, OMV expects average realized gas prices to 
be higher than EUR 12/MWh for 2021, EUR 12/MWh for 2022, EUR 13/MWh for 2023, EUR 14/MWh 
for 2024 and EUR 13/MWh for 2025.  
In relation to the olefin/polyolefin (PE/PP) market environment, significant increases in the relevant price 
levels were recognized in the first half of 2021: Compared to the first six months of 2020, the polyethylene 
(PE) indicator margin Europe increased from EUR 330/t by 104% to EUR 673/t for the first six months of 
2021. Also the polypropylene indicator margin Europe sharply increased on a six months-comparison basis, 
from EUR 430/t in the first half of 2020 by 75% to EUR 750/t for the first half of 2021. Polyolefin have 
reached record levels in the second quarter of 2021. It is currently not foreseeable how long significant 
price fluctuations for oil, gas and chemical products will continue. In relation to oil prices, it is uncertain to 
which extent and in which way international cartels or leading oil-producing nations will amend crude oil 
production levels according to actual demand by the markets. Also it remains open to which extent such 
actions may in fact influence prices. Furthermore, lower crude oil and natural gas prices may also reduce 
the amount of oil and natural gas that OMV can produce economically – especially in different regions of 
its global portfolio – or reduce the economic viability of projects planned or in development. Also, OMV 
AG may not be able to generate significant dividends from its subsidiaries and participations in case of 
lower crude oil, natural gas or chemical product prices as well as low demand. In addition, in relation to oil, 
OMV's production volumes may be directly affected by production cuts implemented by OPEC member 
states and/or other major oil producing countries OMV is operating in. All of these factors may have a 
material adverse effect on OMV's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Rapid material and/or sustained changes in oil, gas, petroleum or chemical product and electricity prices 
can impact the validity of the assumptions on which strategic decisions are based and, as a result, the

--- Page 26 ---
26 
ensuing actions derived from those decisions may no longer be appropriate. For example, a prolonged 
period of low oil, gas, petroleum or chemical product or electricity prices may affect OMV's ability to 
maintain its strategies, which are typically based on certain assumptions concerning price developments. 
Further price declines or longer than expected periods of lower prices could prevent OMV from 
maintaining earnings and cash flows at a level sufficient to meet its targets, pursue its strategy and to fund 
OMV's planned capital expenditure. To react on the COVID-19 driven impacts, OMV introduced an action 
plan inter alia comprising postponing investment and acquisition projects totalling EUR 1.5 billion, 
including the interest in Achimov 4A/5A in Russia. By way of example, OMV's Upstream (since 2021: 
Exploration & Production) capital expenditure including capitalized Exploration and Appraisal ("E&A") 
was cut back to EUR 1.09 billion in 2020, after EUR 2.07 billion in 2019, following a widespread effort to 
reduce spending. Exploration expenditure was EUR 227 million in 2020, and was reduced by 37% 
compared to 2019. Any new price declines or longer than expected periods of lower prices for oil and gas, 
price declines for chemical products as well as low demand may potentially require further amendments or 
changes to OMV's strategy and may have material adverse effects on OMV's business, results of operations 
and financial condition.  
OMV is exposed to adverse impacts in case of unfavourable foreign exchange developments. 
Unfavourable and/or unanticipated foreign exchange developments may in particular be caused or 
influenced by numerous external factors beyond OMV's control. 
OMV is exposed to adverse cash flow impacts in case of unfavourable or unanticipated foreign exchange 
developments. The Group operates in many countries and currencies and is thus exposed to foreign 
exchange risk. OMV's activities, in particular concerning the Upstream (since 2021: Exploration & 
Production) business and, to a lesser extent, related to the distribution of products expose OMV to 
fluctuations in currencies. The USD represents OMV's biggest risk exposure, in the form of movement of 
the USD against the EUR and also against other main OMV currencies (Romanian leu ("RON"), Russian 
Ruble ("RUB"), Norwegian krone ("NOK"), New Zealand Dollar ("NZD") and Swedish krona ("SEK")). 
Movements of these currencies against the EUR bear imminent sources of risk for the Group's cash flows 
and operating result. Such currency risks may have adverse effects on OMV's cash flow, income statement 
or balance sheet (translation risk). Translation risk arises on the consolidation of OMV's subsidiaries 
preparing their financial statements in currencies other than in EUR. OMV's largest translation risk 
exposures result from changes in USD, RON, NOK, SEK and RUB denominated assets against the EUR. 
Unfavourable and/or unanticipated foreign exchange developments may in particular be caused or 
influenced by numerous external factors beyond OMV's control. Further, the Group is exposed to the risk 
that required analysis of industry-specific activities and the corresponding foreign exchange rate risks may 
be inaccurate or fail. The transaction risk on foreign currency cash flows is monitored on an ongoing basis 
and the Group's net position is reviewed at least on a semi-annual basis and the sensitivity is calculated. 
This analysis provides the basis for management of transaction risks on currencies. Such internal 
management tools may fail or may turn out to be inaccurate. Since OMV produces commodities that are 
mainly traded in USD, the Group has an economic USD long position: Prices of crude oil and refined 
products are principally fixed in, or tied to, the USD, while a significant portion of OMV's expenses are 
denominated in, or tied to, the EUR. A depreciation of the USD against the EUR has an adverse effect on 
OMV's results of operations. Certain of OMV's business segments also export products from countries 
within the Euro zone to countries outside the Euro zone and their results of operations may be affected by 
movements in a local market's currency against the EUR. Furthermore, fluctuations of the EUR against the 
USD, RON, NZD, NOK, SEK or RUB can have a negative impact on certain balance sheet items, such as 
loans. Adverse currency fluctuations may have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
Foreign exchange options, forwards and swaps are used to hedge foreign exchange rate risks on outstanding 
receivables and payables. The market value of these instruments will move in the opposite direction to the 
value of the underlying receivable or liability if the relevant foreign exchange rate changes. There is a risk 
that OMV may not be able to adequately hedge foreign exchange risks. Any unfavourable developments of 
foreign exchange rates may have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, results of operations and 
financial condition, in particular if the Group fails in hedging its foreign exchange rate risks on outstanding 
receivables and payables. Further, in case of negative foreign exchange developments, OMV might be 
forced to review and amend its planning assumptions and to change its long-term strategy.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
If any of these risks materialise, this may have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
A decline in refining and retail margins would negatively affect OMV's results of operations. 
The operating results of OMV's refining business depend largely on the spread, or margin, between prices 
OMV can obtain in the market for its refined petroleum products and prices it pays for crude oil, other 
feedstock or retail products. The cost to acquire inputs or products and the prices at which OMV can 
ultimately sell these products depend on a variety of factors beyond OMV's control. Refining margins have 
widely fluctuated in the past years: By way of example, as a result of the Petrobrazi modernization program 
and market effects, the OMV indicator refining margin increased by 69% from USD 1.94/bbl in 2013 to 
USD 3.28/bbl in 2014 and, mainly due to lower costs for own crude consumption, better product spreads 
and the adaption of the Petrobrazi modernization program, such refining margin further increased from 
USD 3.28/bbl in 2014 to USD 7.24/bbl in 2015. In the financial year 2017, in turn, the OMV indicator 
refining margin increased from USD 4.75/bbl to USD 6.0/bbl, whereas the indicator refining margin for 
2018 decreased by 13% from USD 6.0/bbl in 2017 to USD 5.2/bbl, because the increased crude prices 
resulted in higher feedstock costs. In 2019, the OMV refining margin decreased by 15% from USD 5.2/bbl 
by the end of 2018 to USD 4.4/bbl, mainly due to decreased naphtha and gasoline margins which could not 
be offset by higher heavy fuel oil margins. For 2020, OMV's refining margin declined by 45% to USD 
2.4/bbl, primarily due to the negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Substantially lower middle 
distillate and lower gasoline cracks following a weak macro environment put considerable pressure on 
refining margins.  
OMV's refining margins have strongly fluctuated, and will continue to fluctuate, due to numerous factors, 
including: 
 changes in operating capacity of refineries in the markets OMV serves and the rest of the world;  
 changes in the differentials between different quality crude oil prices on international markets;  
 changes in the supply of refined products, including imports;  
 variations in demand for crude oil and refined products in the markets OMV serves as well as 
global markets;  
 changes in the levels of reserves of crude oil stored in inventories worldwide or in certain 
geographic regions; and 
 changes in environmental or other regulations, which could require OMV to make substantial 
expenditures without necessarily increasing the capacity or operating efficiency of OMV's 
refineries. 
Although an increase or decrease in the price of crude oil generally results in a corresponding increase or 
decrease in the price of the majority of refined products, changes in the prices of refined products generally 
lag behind upward and downward changes in crude oil prices. As a result, a rapid and significant increase 
in the market price for crude oil may have an adverse impact on refining margins. The increases of oil 
prices in 2016 have adversely affected OMV's refining margins, whereas oil price increases in 2017 
nevertheless had no adverse impact on the 2017 refining margin, which increased compared to 2016. 
Similar risks may materialise in case of political or social unrests in other countries which are leading 
producers of crude oil. Furthermore, the movements in the price of crude oil and refining margins may not 
correlate at any given time.  
Retail margins are also influenced by different factors such as the overall economic environment, negative 
impacts on demand, changes in overall price levels and trends (in particular if in an increasing price 
environment OMV is not able to pass on the increase to the market quickly or at all, especially due to a 
higher sensitivity of customers to price developments), changes in product flows and availability, changes 
in market demand, behaviour of other market players, taxation as well as other regulatory aspects. All these 
factors may lead to declining retail margins. 
Any such decline in refining or retail margins may have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, 
results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
OMV is exposed to the cyclicality of the petrochemical industry, in particular in view of its increased 
share in Borealis; future developments of petrochemical product prices are unpredictable and may have 
a material adverse effect on OMV's business. 
OMV produces and markets petrochemical products, such as ethylene and propylene. In addition, OMV 
owns a 75% interest in Borealis, a leading provider of solutions in the fields of polyolefins, base chemicals 
and fertilizers, following the acquisition of an additional 39% share in Borealis by OMV for a purchase 
price of USD 4.68 billion, which was closed end of October 2020. Borealis has a strong European presence 
and is active in the Middle East, Asia-Pacific as well as in North and South Americas.  
Prices of petrochemical products have been cyclical as a result of shifts in European and worldwide 
production capacity and demand patterns. The petrochemical industry historically has experienced 
alternating periods of tight supply, causing prices and margins to increase, followed by periods of 
substantial additions to capacity, resulting in excess supply and declining prices and margins. For instance, 
for the first half of 2015, Borealis expected to be impacted by negative inventory effects due to rapidly 
falling monomer prices and a lower profitability in 2015 compared to 2014. In turn, in the financial year 
2015, Borealis benefited from a strong market environment during 2015 and delivered a net income 
contribution of EUR 356 million. In the financial year 2016, Borealis benefited from a strong market 
environment especially in the polyolefins business and delivered a net income contribution to OMV of 
EUR 399 million, mainly due to higher polyolefins margins as well as a solid contribution from the base 
chemicals business, whereas the contribution in 2017 remained relatively stable at EUR 394 million. In 
2018, Borealis group's net income contribution to OMV amounted to a significantly lower amount of EUR 
327 million and in 2019 such number further decreased to EUR 314 million. Since end of October 2020, 
Borealis is fully consolidated by OMV. Hence, OMV's dependency on dividend payments by Borealis has 
increased. In turn, Borealis' contribution to OMV's financial performance itself is dependent on dividend 
payments from its main joint ventures Baystar and Borouge. By way of example, for the financial year 
2020, the contribution by Borouge decreased mainly due to weak market conditions in Asia in the first half 
of the year 2020. Further, in relation to Borouge, certain project risks exist, including potential capital 
expenditure overruns or project delays. OMV is therefore exposed to risks resulting from uncertainties in 
relation to dividend payments from Borealis. 
There can be no assurance that future demand for petrochemical products will be sufficient to utilise fully 
OMV's current and anticipated capacity. Excess capacity, to the extent it occurs, may depress prices and 
margins. Additions to industry capacity may adversely affect market conditions. Future developments of 
petrochemical product prices are unpredictable, may be subject to volatile developments and may have a 
material adverse effect on OMV's business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, Borealis 
is exposed to certain dividend and project related risks. As well as price risks and uncertainties related to 
the market price development for polyolefins, base chemicals and fertilizers. Following the completion of 
the acquisition of said 39% share in Borealis by OMV and commencing with 2020, OMV now consolidates 
the results of Borealis in its financial statements, which may increase said risks further. 
The covenants and further restrictions contained in OMV's financing arrangements may limit its 
financial and operating flexibility and its ability to conduct business operations. 
OMV's financing arrangements contain covenants and further restrictions that could limit OMV's ability to 
finance its future operations and capital needs and its ability to pursue certain business activities that may 
be in its interest. 
If OMV breaches the covenants or restrictions of any financing arrangement and is unable to cure the 
breach or obtain a waiver from the lenders, it could be in default under the terms of such arrangement. A 
default under any single financing arrangement could result in a default under other financing arrangements 
(cross default) and could cause lenders under such other arrangements to accelerate all amounts due under 
such financing arrangements. In addition, in an event of default, the lenders under OMV's credit lines could 
terminate their commitments to extend credit, cease making loans, or institute foreclosure proceedings, and 
OMV could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. Any default may therefore have an immediate 
material adverse effect on OMV's business, results of operations and financial condition.  
Further, certain covenants in OMV's financing arrangements might also restrict its operating flexibility and 
its ability to conduct business operations, in particular in view of business with certain counterparties as 
well as operations in certain countries.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
4. Operational and project risks, including ESG and HSSE Risks 
OMV is subject to operational risks relating to the exploration, production, transportation and storage of 
oil and gas, crude refining and processing, chemical product operations and power generation as well as 
relating to contractual obligations. Some of these risks may be uninsured or uninsurable. 
Oil, gas, power and chemical activities involve significant hazards. OMV's operations are subject to risks 
generally relating to the exploration for and production of oil and gas, including blowouts, fires, equipment 
failure, tanker accidents, damage or destruction of key assets and other risks that can result in personal 
injuries, loss of life and property and environmental damage. Moreover, OMV may be subject to losses due 
to liabilities or lawsuits related to contaminated land that it owns or operates or arising out of 
environmental damage or personal injuries associated with exposure to chemicals, the release of chemicals 
or other hazardous substances in its chemicals business. 
Offshore operations, in particular, are subject to a wide range of hazards and potential consequences, 
including capsizing, collision, bad weather and environmental pollution. In addition, OMV's operations of 
gas transportation and compression facilities, refinery and petrochemical complexes, oil pipeline systems, 
storage and loading facilities, chemical facilities and power plants subject OMV to the risks generally 
relating to such operations. Further, in relation to the chemical operations of Borealis, unplanned emissions 
to the environment, such as emissions to air (NOx, dust and flaring) or pollution of soil and water, resulting 
in increased green house gas emiossions, waste, noise and other disturbances might occur. Unexpected 
incidents or damages may lead to interruptions of operations. The sudden and uncontrolled release of 
explosive material, for example, due to vessel or tube ruptures, could lead to major explosions, such as 
vapour cloud explosions or boiling liquid expanding vapour explosions. Catastrophic failure of process 
equipment could result in the uncontrolled release of harmful toxins into the community, such as ammonia. 
By way of example, the gas-fired power plant Brazi in Romania has been shut down unexpectedly in 2017 
due to the failure of the steam turbine transformer. One power transformer at the Brazi power plant 
remained non-available for more than half a year, but OMV was partly compensated by property damage 
and business interruption insurance. Chemical substances, if not handled properly and according to their 
intended use, could lead to unintentional health impacts for people coming into contact with those 
substances. Further, by way of another example, in May 2020, a local fire occurred at the steam cracker at 
Borealis‘ production location in Stenungsund, Sweden. 
In certain circumstances, OMV's insurance may not cover or be adequate to cover the consequences of such 
events, or insurance coverage may not be available. Moreover, OMV may not be able to maintain adequate 
insurance in the future at rates that it considers reasonable. The occurrence of any event that is not fully 
covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, results of operations and 
financial condition. Further, operational risks may also materialise out of contractual obligations. By way 
of example, in past years, OMV recorded a provision for a long-term, non-cancellable contract for 
regasification capacity and storage that became onerous due to the negative development of market 
conditions for LNG terminal capacity in Europe. The provision represented the unavoidable costs of 
meeting the contractual obligations, which also included costs for the purchase of additional LNG 
capacities in future periods, since the regasification of LNG and subsequent sale of the gas positively 
contributes to the coverage of the fixed costs. It cannot be excluded that developments since recording the 
provision may lead to further provisions to be booked in the future.  
The realisation of such operational risks and/or contractual obligations may have a material adverse effect 
on OMV's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
OMV may experience operational, political, security and/or technological problems which may delay or 
hinder the progress of ongoing and planned projects. 
OMV develops its business in part through investments in projects designed to improve its competitive 
position, such as construction of pipelines or upgrading various facilities. OMV may experience 
operational, political, technological or other problems beyond OMV's control, both of its own and of its 
contractual partners, which may delay or hinder the progress of its projects and lead to increased costs. 
Insufficient gas availability could result in delays or the cancellation of a project and/or increase the costs 
of operation. By way of example, OMV's Nawara project in Tunisia faced significant delays due to social 
unrest, strikes and a challenging stakeholder environment, including unions and governmental institutions. 
Also in 2020, OMV's activities in Tunisia encountered a challenging year due to social unrests. Further, 
risks include that projects may be negatively affected by the lack of availability of contractors and the

--- Page 30 ---
30 
quality of available contractors, a risk which has particularly increased as a consequence of the COVID-19 
pandemic. Further, capex overruns may also be triggered by a delay of external approvals like permitting as 
well as construction authorizations.  
The materialization of any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, results of 
operations and financial condition.  
OMV may be required to curtail, delay or cancel drilling operations. The Group is exposed to major 
accident risks. 
Exploration and production require high levels of investment and are subject to natural hazards and other 
uncertainties, including those relating to the physical characteristics of an oil or natural gas field. The cost 
of drilling, completing or operating wells is often uncertain. OMV may be required to curtail, delay or 
cancel drilling operations because of a variety of factors, including unexpected drilling conditions, pressure 
or irregularities in geological formations, equipment failures or accidents, adverse weather conditions and 
compliance with governmental requirements, such as drilling moratoria following an accident. Further, in 
particular offshore operations include a variety of risks associated with offshore drilling, including, by way 
of example, the loss of well control which may result in a blowout and loss of the wellbore configuration at 
that time. Such an event could lead to material clean-up and liability costs, covering in general fishery and 
tourism-related costs, environmental damage and other loss of income for third parties. Some events could 
have a domino effect with impact on the entire supply chain; by way of example, a vapour cloud explosion 
in one of the refineries could affect the Upstream (since 2021: Exploration & Production) operations but 
also the results in the oil products distribution, like retail and commercial 
The realisation of any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, results of 
operations and financial condition.  
OMV is subject to counterparty risks in connection with its dependency on the supply market and access 
to competitively priced feedstock. 
In particular in its chemicals business, OMV's production processes are dependent on the availability and 
timely delivery of required raw materials. OMV's depends on the supply market to secure raw materials 
such as naphtha, propane, butane, ethylene, propylene and natural gas. In certain parts of OMV's business, 
there is a high dependency on single or sole raw material suppliers. Should logistical or financial problems 
prevent suppliers from delivering these raw materials, or in case of any significant disruptions in OMV's 
logistics chain this could result in production interruptions, a loss of customers, damage claims and 
significant downstream consequences. If a manufacturing site is required to be recertified due to changes in 
suppliers, this may have adverse effects until such recertification and compliance with regulations is 
completed. In addition, if OMV exits a site that is integrated with a third party, OMV may incur substantial 
additional costs related to obligations to such a party. If any of these risks materialize, this may have a 
material adverse effect on OMV's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
There is a risk of failure to comply with applicable quality standards. 
OMV is subject to risks resulting from a potential non-compliance with quality standards, including in 
terms of product quality. Supplying customers with on-specification products is critical to maintaining 
OMV's various required licenses to operate. Further, to a large extent OMV depends on its reputation in the 
market and among its customers. Failure by OMV to meet product quality standards throughout the value 
chain could lead to harm to people, third-party property and the environment. By way of example, this 
includes potential contamination risks resulting from hydrocarbon spills or similar events, potential leakage 
of plastic pellets into the environment through spills at production sites or during transports, environmental 
hazards, such as bioaccumulation or persistence, pollution, risks for people's health and their lives. If any of 
these risks materialize, this could result in a loss of customers of OMV or substantial damage claims as 
well as decontamination costs and, consequently, may have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
Inadequate contingency plans or crisis management may have a material adverse effect. 
In particular in the oil and gas industry, contingency and crisis management are of significant importance. 
OMV is exposed to risks resulting from insufficiencies of any contingency and crisis management plans as 
well as failure to implement any such plans. Contingency plans are required to continue or recover 
operations as well as production and supply to customers following a disruption or incident. Inability to

--- Page 31 ---
31 
restore or replace critical capacity to an agreed level within an agreed timeframe would prolong the impact 
of any disruption and would have a material adverse effect on OMV's production and sales. Similarly, crisis 
management plans and capability are essential to deal with emergencies at every level of OMV's operations 
to respond in an appropriate manner to either an external or internal crisis, acts of terror or other situation of 
emergency. By way of example, as a response to the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, OMV has taken 
measures aiming at reducing the negative impact on the company in operational, human resources, financial 
and legal aspects to support business continuity. Further, in recent years and partially again in 2020, OMV 
had to deal with several challenges in terms of security for OMV's employees and contractors in certain 
countries such as Yemen, Libya and Tunisia. There is a risk that OMV may not be able to appropriately 
respond to an event of disruption, incident or crisis or that any contingency and crisis management plans 
turn out to be inadequate to respond to the respective event. Inadequacies in this regard could severely 
affect business and operations and consequently may have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
OMV is exposed to risks related to information technology and cyber security. Strong trends of 
digitalization further increase OMV's exposure to such risks. Major disruption of OMV's information 
technology systems may have a material adverse effect on OMV's business. 
OMV's activities are increasingly dependent on sophisticated information technology ("IT") systems. IT 
systems are vulnerable to a number of problems, such as software or hardware malfunctions, malicious 
hacking or cyber-attacks, physical damage to vital IT centres and computer virus infection. IT systems need 
regular upgrading to meet the needs of changing business and regulatory requirements, to keep pace with 
the requirements of OMV's existing operations and possible expansion into new markets and to protect 
OMV's IT operations according to up-to-date security standards. OMV may not be able to implement 
necessary upgrades on a timely basis, and upgrades may fail to function as planned. Further, OMV's IT 
security may be subject to cyber-attacks or hacking attempts, which may lead to damages or disruptions of 
OMV's IT (both hardware and software) as well as damages, disruptions or circumventions of OMV's IT 
security systems. Further, there is a significant risk that disruptions of OMV's IT may cause operations to 
cease for certain time periods. This could in particular affect refineries, offshore operations, the filling 
station chain, which may cause severe damages to OMV's assets, cause system malfunctions or 
breakdowns, lead to supply interruptions or even security incidents. 
Consequently, any major damage, disruption and/or circumvention of its existing IT systems may have a 
material adverse effect on OMV's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Social instability, including acts of terrorism and/or war, may adversely affect OMV's operations in the 
Operating Region. 
Security threats require continuous oversight and control. Acts of terrorism or acts of (civil) war affecting 
OMV's plants and other facilities, pipelines, transportation facilities and assets, computer systems or 
employees could severely disrupt business and operations and cause severe harm to people, the 
environment and/or OMV's facilities. Certain acts of terrorism or (civil) war may not be fully covered by 
insurances. It cannot be guaranteed that payments from current insurance policies of OMV would suffice to 
cover all possible losses and damages resulting from acts of terrorism or (civil) war. Consequently, acts of 
terrorism or (civil) war may have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, results of operations and 
financial condition. 
OMV is subject to stringent environmental and health and safety regulations which incur costs relating 
to compliance and remediation that may adversely affect its results of operations and financial 
condition. 
OMV's operations are subject to numerous and increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations 
relating to the protection of human health and safety and the environment, including, for example, those 
relating to emissions and the reduction of greenhouse gases, energy consumption and waste treatment and 
disposal as well as health and safety regulations. In addition, OMV is generally required to obtain and 
comply with environmental permits or licenses for its operations which cause emissions or discharge of 
pollutants and for the handling of hazardous substances or waste treatment and disposal. Failure to comply 
with environmental laws could result in substantial cost and liabilities vis-à-vis third parties or 
governmental authorities, including fines, penalties as well as other civil and/or criminal law sanctions. As 
environmental laws and regulations become more stringent, the amount and timing of future expenditures

--- Page 32 ---
32 
required to maintain substantial compliance could vary significantly from their current levels and could 
adversely affect the availability of funds for capital expenditures and other purposes. 
OMV has made, and will continue to make, substantial expenditures to comply with environmental laws 
and regulations. To the extent that the cost of compliance increases and OMV cannot pass on future 
increases to its customers, such increases may have an adverse effect on OMV's results of operations and 
financial condition. 
OMV's exposure to weather conditions may negatively affect demand for OMV's products. 
Significant changes in weather conditions in Austria and the rest of Europe from year to year may affect 
demand for natural gas and some refined products. Accordingly, the results of operations of Downstream 
Gas and, to a lesser extent, Downstream Oil (since 2021 combined in the Refining & Marketing segment), 
as well as the comparability of results over different periods may be affected by changes in weather 
conditions. Furthermore, OMV's operations, particularly offshore production of oil and natural gas, are 
exposed to extreme weather conditions that can result in material disruption to OMV's operations and 
consequent loss or damage of properties and facilities.  
Any such exposure to changing or adverse weather conditions may have a material adverse effect on 
OMV's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
OMV is exposed to several environmental, social and corporate governance ("ESG") risks, including 
risks related to its circular economy strategy. ESG related matters' relevance has significantly increased 
in the past years and is expected to further increase. OMV may fail to meet its ESG targets or 
expectations from stakeholders and investors.  
The relevance of ESG matters has significantly increased in the past years, not only among investors, 
customers, suppliers and business partners but also among emploeyees, governments and the society in 
serval countries. It is expected that ESG related matters' relevance may further increase in the future. OMV 
is exposed to several ESG related risks. By way of example, in particular OMV's oil and gas related 
operations may face increased ESG driven criticism and rejection in the future. Younger generations of 
employees may increasingly take into account ESG criteria as well as a companies' ESG appreciation when 
deciding on applying for jobs. In case OMV is considered an unfavourable group of companies in terms of 
ESG criteria, OMV may fail to attract and retain future workforce and talented employees. In addition, 
ESG risks may arise in relation to water availability and management for OMV's operations in the Middle 
East, where periods of low or no precipitation on surface or subsurface water supplies would lead to 
inability to access water for the normal operations (internal consumptive use), as opposed to potential water 
driven events caused by climate change impacts in other regions, eg. flood and landslide events in 
Romania. ESG related risks also arise in case OMV fails to fulfil the expectations of local communities 
with regards to economic benefits as well as the expectations defined by local administration and local 
communities to contribute in the local development of an area OMV is active in. Such risks may increase as 
a result of COVID-19 related impacts on local communities as well on people's mental health. If any of 
these or other ESG related risks materialise, this may have a material adverse effects on OMV's credibility 
and standing among various stakeholders and, accordingly, OMV's business, results of operations and 
financial condition. 
In addition, investors increasingly take into account ESG ratings in their investment decisions for financial 
instruments. It cannot be excluded that in the future ESG compliance and appropriate ESG ratings may be 
required for successfully issuing and placing notes. In case OMV fails to attract investors based on its ESG 
strategies and goals, OMV may fail in issuing future notes or other debt instruments at favourable terms or 
at all. This may have a material adverse effects on OMV's funding ability, its costs or sources of financing, 
and, accordingly, its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Aging infrastructure in OMV's onshore operations, improper waste management, operational incidents 
or unexpected safety incidents may lead to spills, leakages, other contamination or severe damages. Such 
incidents may cause substantial environmental clean-up, decommissioning and restoration costs as well 
as liabilities and may damage not only the environment but also threaten humans' lives and affect 
OMV's reputation or licenses. 
OMV's facilities and pipeline operations require regular monitoring, maintenance and renewal. OMV is 
regularly faced with aging infrastructure and may not always be able to make the necessary replacements 
and upgrades at all of its facilities to ensure the technical integrity of its operations. This could, among

--- Page 33 ---
33 
other things, result in spills and leakages as well as have negative impacts on licenses. Furthermore, certain 
of OMV's real properties, e.g. in Austria, have been classified by the authorities as historically 
contaminated and there may be other contaminations of which OMV is currently unaware. Spills, leakages 
and other contamination resulting from aging infrastructure and other contamination, e.g. as a result of 
improper waste management, may result in substantial environmental decommissioning and restoration 
costs and could cause damages to communities and OMV's reputation. 
In December 2017, a sudden gas release at the Baumgarten gas distribution station operated by GCA 
resulted in an explosion and subsequent fires. One contract employee died as a result of this incident and 21 
people were injured. In addition, spills, leakages and contamination can result from operational incidents, 
and may be particularly severe in the case of offshore drilling, as shown by BP's Deepwater Horizon rig 
accident and the resulting oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in April 2010. 
OMV has interests in various offshore drilling undertakings, in particular in the Black Sea off the 
Romanian and Bulgarian coast, in New Zealand, Australia, Malaysia, Mexico as well as on Norwegian 
territory of the North Sea (and acts as operator in some of them). Due to a vast gap between the potential 
risk exposure and available risk transfer opportunities in the form of insurance coverage, the bulk share of 
such risk of operational incidents remains with OMV (and/or the respective operator). As a consequence, 
any operational incident resulting in environmental contamination could result in substantial financial and 
reputational damages. In addition, international regulations and insurance requirements may increase as a 
result of an accident, and offshore operations could become more difficult and expensive in the future. This 
would have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, results of operations and financial condition.  
5. 
Compliance, Legal and Control Risks 
Violations of sanctions could subject OMV to penalties and may further adversely affect OMV's 
operations and financial position. 
European, U.S. and other international sanctions have been imposed on companies engaging in certain 
types of transactions with specified countries or companies or individuals in those specified countries. For 
example, enterprises operating in certain countries in the Middle East and Africa have been subject to such 
sanctions as well as Russia or Russian enterprises following the political crisis in Ukraine and the Crimea 
since 2014. OMV is exposed to certain risks in relation to sanctions. Actual or alleged violations of existing 
or future European, U.S. or other international sanctions could subject OMV to both monetary and non-
monetary penalties that could have a material adverse effect on OMV's ability to obtain goods and services 
in the international markets or access the U.S. or international capital or bank debt markets, or cause 
reputational damage. Also, the implementation of new sanctions or the tightening and extending of existing 
sanctions could have a material adverse effect on OMV's business and operations. By way of example, the 
following sanctions are of particular importance for OMV in view of OMV's operations related to Russia as 
well as its registered branch office in Tehran, Iran, and bear certain risks: 
 At the beginning of August 2017, the President of the United States approved a package of new 
sanctions, inter alia Russia-related sanctions, which had previously been passed by the U.S. Senate 
in June 2017 and by the U.S. House of Representatives in July 2017. The U.S. law H.R. 3364, 
known as the "Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act" "H.R. 3364"), inter alia 
aims to restrict activities concerning crude oil projects and export pipelines, codifies already 
existing executive order sanctions and gives sanctions extraterritorial effects. The President of the 
United States is vested with certain powers and discretion to impose sanctions on individually 
identified persons, irrespective of whether such person is a U.S. person. Under the revised US 
State Department Guidance issued on 15 July 2020, sanctions may be imposed under H.R. 3364 
for financing activities undertaken after 15 July 2020. Albeit OMV did not provide any financing 
after 15 July 2020, the U.S. law H.R. 3364 and any new sanctions may affect the international 
Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline project, for which OMV and other companies have committed to 
financing prior to 15 July 2020. 
 
Secondary Sanctions enacted under the US National Defense Authorization Act ("NDAA") for the 
fiscal year 2020 and the NDAA for the fiscal year 2021 (comprising the former bill on Protecting 
European’s Energy Security Act – "PEESA" and the Protecting Europeans’ Energy Security 
Clarification Act – "PEESCA") primarily target vessels and companies that provide vessels for 
the construction of Nord Stream 2 and subsuppliers (including insurance companies and 
companies providing port facilities) in relation to such vessels as well as companies that provide

--- Page 34 ---
34 
testing, inspection, or certification services for the completion or operation of the pipeline. On 21 
July 2021, US and German diplomats reached a deal in the controversies relating to the Nord 
Stream 2 project that shall allow completion of the pipeline. The deal is not yet implemented. 
However, it cannot be excluded that new sanctions or amended interpretations of existing 
sanctions may have an impact also on the financing agreements of OMV in relation to Nord 
Stream 2.  
 Further, in April 2018, the United States of America imposed punitive measures against seven 
Russian businessmen, including also the chairman of Gazprom but not Gazprom as a group, a 
dozen of their companies and 17 senior government officials. The sanctions do not directly affect 
Gazprom or OMV. A failure to comply with restrictions under U.S. sanction laws could expose 
OMV to retaliatory measures. Further, new or stricter sanctions related to Russia or Russian 
individuals could provide further risks for OMV's activities in Russia. 
 On 8 May 2018, the President of the United States announced his decision to end U.S. 
participation in the nuclear agreement between the U.S., Iran and certain other governments (Joint 
Comprehensive Plan of Action) and to re-impose sanctions against Iran that had been suspended. 
The re-imposition of sanctions came in two main phases. With effect as of 5 November 2018, U.S. 
administration completed the re-imposition of sanctions against Iran which, inter alia, includes 
extraterritorial sanctions targeting transactions by non-U.S. companies in the Iranian petroleum 
sector. Further, as part of this re-imposition numerous Iranian parties were added to the List of 
Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons (the "SDN List"). An SDN listed entity is 
broadly excluded from business and economic life by prohibiting other persons or companies to 
engage with such SDN-listed party. U.S. authorities may impose retaliatory measures on a person 
or company for breaching the prohibition to deal with SDN listed persons. Since also the National 
Iranian Oil Company has been moved to the SDN List, extraterritorial U.S. sanctions may attach to 
dealings with the National Iranian Oil Company. The re-imposition has material adverse effects on 
any business opportunity in Iran. For the time being the two Iran-related companies, namely OMV 
(Iran) onshore Exploration GmbH and OMV Orient Upstream GmbH, have a registered branch 
office in Tehran, Iran. This branch office serves to secure and visibly demonstrate OMV's existing 
right for compensation towards the National Iranian Oil Company for past exploration expenses 
which date back to activities carried out until 2007. OMV intends to maintain that branch office 
for such purpose in the long term. 
 In contrast to the United States of America, the European Union is committed to the nuclear 
agreement and to maintaining the growth of trade and economic relations between the EU and 
Iran. For mitigating the impact of U.S. sanctions on European businesses the European 
Commission has reactivated the Blocking Statute (i.e. anti-boycott rules) that was established in 
1996. The Blocking Statute forbids EU companies from complying with the extraterritorial U.S. 
sanctions. The re-imposition of U.S. extraterritorial sanctions and the conflicting European 
Blocking Statute may have material adverse effects on both, OMV's business opportunities in Iran 
as well as the relationship with U.S. suppliers, investors and banks. 
Shortcomings or failures related to OMV's treasury and trading activities, risk management, internal 
controls, processes or personnel could lead to disruption of its business. 
In the normal course of business, OMV is subject to operational risk around its treasury and commodity 
trading activities. Controls over these activities are dependent on OMV's ability to process, manage and 
monitor a large number of complex transactions across many markets and currencies according to 
applicable regulatory frameworks. Shortcomings or failures in its systems, risk management, internal 
controls, processes or personnel could lead to disruption of OMV's business, financial loss, regulatory 
intervention or damage to its reputation and may have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, results 
of operation and financial condition. In relation to counterparties, there exists a risk that such counterparties 
may incorrectly or even fraudulently claim against an issued letter of credit or an unauthorized trade outside 
the trading system.  
Government intervention and regulation may have a material adverse effect on OMV's business. OMV 
might not be able to comply with its obligations under licenses. 
The oil and gas industry is subject to regulation and intervention by governments, in particular in matters 
such as the award of exploration and production interests, restrictions on production and exports,

--- Page 35 ---
35 
environmental measures, control over the development and abandonment of fields and installations, the 
nationalisation or renationalisation of assets, imposition of specific drilling obligations, environmental and 
health and safety protection controls and other risks relating to changes in local government regimes and 
policies or exercise of political influence. In some jurisdictions, interventions in the gas prices are frequent 
(e.g. Romania) or the government may be entitled to effect (temporary) price regulations. Further, OMV is 
exposed to the application of new methodologies for the determination of reference prices or other price 
interventions. A change in regulation or the level of intervention in the countries in which OMV conducts 
operations or distributes its products may have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
In addition, OMV has to comply with conditions contained in licenses, such as operating permits. A failure 
by OMV to comply with substantial conditions might lead to governmental intervention. Any violations of 
substantial conditions may therefore have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
OMV buys, sells and trades oil and gas products in certain regulated commodity markets. The oil industry 
is also subject to the payment of royalties and taxation, which tend to be high compared with those payable 
in respect of other commercial activities, and operates in certain tax jurisdictions that feature a degree of 
uncertainty relating to the interpretation of, and changes to, tax law. By way of example, in February 2018, 
the Romanian National Agency for Mineral Resources (NAMR) issued an order for the approval of a new 
methodology to determine the natural gas reference price used for calculation of royalties, which is now 
based on the quantity weighted CEGH day ahead market average price of the previous month. As a result 
of new laws and regulations or government interventions, OMV could be required to curtail or cease certain 
operations, or OMV could incur additional costs, all of which may have a material adverse effect on OMV's 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
OMV may be subject to various acts of crime, e.g. fraud. Incidents of ethical misconduct or non-
compliance with applicable laws and regulations could be damaging to OMV's reputation and 
shareholder value. 
OMV's activities are exposed to risks resulting from attempted or committed fraud or other similar crimes 
by OMV's personnel, business partners or external third parties. Compliance, audit, review and control 
systems may not be appropriate or may fail in certain instances. Also OMV may not be able to implement 
necessary amendments for compliance, audit, review and control systems or such systems may be 
circumvented. In any such cases, OMV is exposed to attempted or committed fraud or other similar crimes. 
This also includes the risk of internet and IT crimes (e.g. e-mail fraud attempts, hacks of accounting tools, 
etc). Consequently, any major attempted or committed act of crime may have a material adverse effect on 
OMV's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
OMV's reputation is critical to OMV's ability to maintain its licenses to operate and secure new resources. 
OMV's code of conduct defines its commitment to integrity, compliance with all applicable legal 
requirements, ethical standards and the behaviours and actions OMV expects of its businesses and 
employees. Ethical misconduct or non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations or OMV's code of 
conduct could be damaging to OMV's reputation and shareholder value. Multiple events of non-compliance 
could call into question the integrity of OMV's operations and may have a material adverse effect on 
OMV's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Litigation, arbitration and disputes, including in particular class actions, intellectual property 
infringement claims as well as governmental proceedings may have a material adverse effect on OMV's 
business. Violations of several compliance regimes, including in particular anti-trust rules, could subject 
OMV to penalties and might affect current or future operations and its ability to generate and/or to 
recover revenues and profits from certain business activities and/or in certain parts of the Operating 
Region. 
OMV faces litigation, arbitration and disputes worldwide. From time to time, cultural and political factors 
may lead to unprecedented and unanticipated judicial outcomes, which may sometimes even be contrary to 
local and international law. In addition, certain governments, state and regulatory bodies have, in the 
opinion of OMV, exceeded their constitutional authority by attempting unilaterally to amend or cancel 
existing agreements or arrangements, by failing to honour existing contractual commitments and by seeking 
to adjudicate disputes between private litigants. In certain cases, amounts at stake in litigation and 
arbitration disputes may be of significant value. In addition, OMV is exposed to risks related to intellectual

--- Page 36 ---
36 
property infringement claims, which may cause long-term legal proceedings and/or significant costs for 
damage payments in case third party rights were infringed. Further, OMV faces the risk of unfavourable 
and/or unexpected outcomes of litigations, arbitral proceedings or other forms of dispute resolution. 
Accruals set by OMV for litigations, arbitral proceedings or other forms of dispute resolution may turn out 
to be insufficient to cover all liabilities under such proceedings, including costs. Further, it cannot be 
excluded that – based on the outcomes of single litigations, arbitral proceedings or other forms of dispute 
resolution – other persons may raise claims based on comparable arguments. In such case, there is a risk 
that even a negative outcome in a single dispute with low amounts at stake may lead to future claims 
against OMV. Litigation, arbitration and disputes of significant importance to OMV may have a material 
adverse effect on OMV's business, results of operations and financial condition. Certain particular risks 
relate to an arbitral award: Gazprom Export ("GPE") issued a price revision request against Enerco Enerji 
Sanayi ve Ticaret A.S ("Enerco"), a 40% equity-accounted company of OMV Gas Logistics Holding 
GmbH, for the long-term contract for sale and purchase of natural gas in 2015. As the parties did not agree 
on a revised contract price, GPE initiated arbitration proceedings in 2017. The arbitral award issued end of 
October 2018 is mostly in favour of GPE. Enerco requested annulment of the arbitral award on 25 January 
2019 which is currently pending. Since Enerco will reflect the outcome of the award to its customers, this 
may have an impact also on OMV Enerji Ticaret AS, which is one of Enerco’s customers and a 100%-
subsidiary of OMV Gas Logistics Holding GmbH. The maximum financial exposure of OMV Enerji 
Ticaret AS is expected at around USD 38 million, but may be substantially less. In addition, as of 1 January 
2019, GPE has suspended gas supplies to Enerco. Thus, Enerco has been unable to supply its customers, 
including OMV Enerji Ticaret A.S, with natural gas since 1 January 2019. During 2019, OMV Enerji 
Ticaret A.S could overcome the supply deficiency by procuring gas from its storage and from third parties. 
As Enerco´s deficiency continued, certain customers, including OMV Enerji Ticaret, terminated their gas 
supply contracts with Enerco. OMV Enerji Ticaret and Enerco could so far not reach an amicable 
resolution of this topic due to different legal positions, thus OMV could be forced to enter formal dispute 
resolution. 
In addition, OMV may become subject to governmental investigations or proceedings. By way of example, 
OMV's activities are subject to data protection rules, as well as antitrust and competition laws and 
regulations in many of its countries of operations. In case of an antitrust law infringement, OMV could 
incur significant losses and penalties in the context of any related antitrust and competition law 
proceedings.  
There is a risk that based on findings of antitrust proceedings, plaintiffs could seek compensation for any 
alleged damages as a result of anticompetitive business practices on part of OMV. The occurrence of any 
such events could have a material adverse effect on OMV's business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
II. 
Risk Factors regarding the Notes 
 
Each potential investor in Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus or any supplement hereto; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes and 
the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of 
financial markets;

--- Page 37 ---
37 
(v) 
be aware that it may be required to pay taxes or other documentary charges or duties in accordance 
with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions; 
(vi) 
ask for its own tax adviser's advice on its individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, sale 
and redemption of the Notes; and 
(vii) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
The risk factors regarding the Notes are presented in the following categories depending on their nature 
with the most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
1. 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes 
Market Price Risk 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market 
interest rate levels, the policies of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the lack 
of or excess demand for the relevant type of Note. The Holders of Notes are therefore exposed to the risk of 
an unfavourable development of market prices of their Notes which materialize if the Holders sell the Notes 
prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If Holders of Notes decide to hold the Notes until final maturity, 
the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
Holders of Fixed Rate Notes are particularly exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as a result 
of changes in the market interest rate levels. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Notes, the current interest rate on the 
capital market typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of Fixed 
Rate Notes also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of 
Fixed Rate Notes typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest 
rate of comparable issues. If the market interest rate falls, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically increases, 
until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If 
Holders of Fixed Rate Notes hold such Notes until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without 
relevance to such Holders as the Notes will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the 
principal amount of such Notes. 
Holders of Floating Rate Notes are particularly exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and 
uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the profitability 
of Floating Rate Notes in advance. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate 
should be taken as an indication of the future development of such floating rate during the term of any 
Notes. 
Holders of Zero Coupon Notes are exposed to the risk that the price of the Notes falls as a result of changes 
in the market interest rate. Prices of Zero Coupon Notes are more volatile than prices of Fixed Rate Notes 
and are likely to respond to a greater degree to market interest rate changes than interest bearing Notes with 
a similar maturity. 
Liquidity Risk 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or the Vienna Stock Exchange for 
Notes issued under this Programme to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or the 
Regulated Market (Amtlicher Handel) of the Vienna Stock Exchange. In addition, the Programme provides 
that Notes may be listed on other or further stock exchanges or may not be listed at all. Regardless of 
whether the Notes are listed or not, there can be no assurance regarding the future development of a market 
for the Notes or the ability of Holders to sell their Notes or the price at which Holders may be able to sell 
their Notes. If such a market were to develop, the Notes could trade at prices that may be higher or lower

--- Page 38 ---
38 
than the initial offering price depending on many factors, including prevailing interest rates, the Issuer's 
operating results, the market for similar securities and other factors, including general economic conditions, 
performance and prospects, as well as recommendations of securities analysts. The liquidity of, and the 
trading market for, the Notes may also be adversely affected by declines in the market for debt securities 
generally. Such a decline may affect any liquidity and trading of the Notes independent of the Issuer's 
financial performance and prospects. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such 
Notes may, however, be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. In 
an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market prices. 
2. 
Risks related to specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Risk of Early Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate if the Issuer has the right to call the Notes prior to maturity 
(optional call right). If the applicable Final Terms indicate that payments on Notes are linked to a 
benchmark, the Issuer may also have the right to redeem the Notes in case of a discontinuation of such 
benchmark. In addition, the Issuer will always have the right to redeem the Notes if the Issuer is required to 
pay additional amounts (gross-up payments) on the Notes for reasons of taxation as set out in the Terms 
and Conditions. If the Issuer redeems the Notes prior to maturity, the Holders of such Notes are exposed to 
the risk that due to such early redemption his investment will have a lower than expected yield. The Issuer 
can be expected to exercise his call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital market has fallen 
which means that the investor may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable Notes 
with a lower yield. On the other hand, the Issuer can be expected not to exercise his call right if the yield on 
comparable Notes in the capital market has increased. In this event an investor will not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds in comparable Notes with a higher yield. It should be noted, however, that the 
Issuer may exercise any call right irrespective of market interest rates on a call date. 
Risks associated with the reform of EURIBOR and other interest rate 'benchmarks'  
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed "benchmarks" (each a "Benchmark" and together, the "Benchmarks") have become the 
subject of regulatory scrutiny and recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for 
reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms 
may cause such Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on 
any Notes linked to such a Benchmark. 
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include the European Council's regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of June 8, 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts 
or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU 
and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). The scope of the Benchmarks 
Regulation is wide and covers, in particular, so-called "critical Benchmark indices" such as EURIBOR. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on Notes linked to a Benchmark, including in 
any of the following circumstances: 
• 
a rate or index which is a Benchmark may only be used if its administrator obtains authorisation or 
is registered and in case of an administrator which is based in a non-EU jurisdiction, if the 
administrator's legal benchmark system is considered equivalent (Art. 30 Benchmarks Regulation), 
the administrator is recognised (Art. 32 Benchmarks Regulation) or the Benchmark is endorsed 
(Art. 33 Benchmarks Regulation) (subject to applicable transitional provisions). If this is not the 
case, Notes linked to such Benchmarks could be impacted; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark could be changed in order to comply with the 
terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could 
impact the Notes, including Calculation Agent determination of the rate.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
If a Benchmark were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest for Floating Rate 
Notes which are linked to such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back 
provisions applicable to such Notes, which in the end could lead, inter alia, to a previously available rate of 
the Benchmark being applied until maturity of the Floating Rate Notes, effectively turning the floating rate 
of interest into a fixed rate of interest, or, to determination of the applicable interest rate on the basis of 
another benchmark determined by the Issuer in its discretion or to an early termination of the relevant 
Notes at the option of the Issuer. 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives, could have a 
material adverse effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or 
otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Although it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the above-mentioned changes 
and/or any further changes in the administration or method of determining a Benchmark could have an 
effect on the value of any Notes linked to the relevant Benchmark, investors should be aware that any 
changes to a relevant Benchmark may have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the 
amounts payable on, Floating Rate Notes whose rate of interest is linked to such Benchmark. 
Currency Risk 
Holders of Notes denominated in a foreign currency (i.e. a currency other than euro) are particularly 
exposed to the risk of changes in currency exchange rates which may affect the yield of such Notes. 
Changes in currency exchange rates result from various factors, such as macro-economic factors, 
speculative transactions and interventions by central banks and governments.  
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the euro, for example, will result in a corresponding 
change in the euro value of Notes denominated in a currency other than euro and a corresponding change in 
the euro value of interest and principal payments made in a currency other than euro in accordance with the 
terms of such Notes. If the underlying exchange rate falls and the value of the euro rises correspondingly, 
the price of the Notes and the value of interest and principal payments made thereunder expressed in euro 
falls. 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive 
less interest or principal than expected. 
3. 
Other related Risks 
Risks related to Credit Ratings 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed 
herein and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal by the rating agency at 
any time. No assurance can be given that a credit rating will remain constant for any given period of time or 
that a credit rating will not be reduced or withdrawn entirely by the credit rating agency if, in its judgment, 
circumstances so warrant. Rating agencies may also change their methodologies for rating securities in the 
future. Any suspension, reduction or withdrawal of the credit rating assigned to the relevant Notes by one 
or more of the credit rating could adversely affect the value and trading of such Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT OF 
OMV AG 
 
OMV Aktiengesellschaft, with its registered office in Vienna, Austria, is solely responsible for the 
information given in this Prospectus. 
 
The Issuer hereby declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Prospectus is 
in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
 
This Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement thereto, if any, and with 
the documents incorporated by reference. Full information on the Issuer and any tranche of Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of the Prospectus, any supplement thereto, if any, and relevant 
final terms (the "Final Terms"). 
 
The Issuer confirms that this Prospectus contains all information with regard to each of the Issuer and the 
Notes which is material in the context of the Programme and the issue and offering of Notes thereunder; 
that the information contained herein with respect to the Issuer and the Notes is accurate in all material 
respects and is not misleading; that the opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held; that 
there are no other facts with respect to the Issuer or the Notes, the omission of which would make this 
Prospectus as a whole or any of such information or the expression of any such opinions or intentions 
misleading and that all reasonable enquiries have been made to ascertain all facts material for the purposes 
aforesaid. 
 
The Issuer has undertaken with the dealers (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers") to supplement this 
Prospectus or, if appropriate in light of the information and/or the changes to be introduced, publish a new 
Prospectus if and when the information herein should become materially inaccurate or incomplete, and has 
further agreed with the Dealers to furnish such supplement to the Prospectus or new Prospectus, as the case 
may be, mentioning every significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy to the information 
included in this Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes and which arises or is 
noted between the time when this Prospectus has been approved and the closing of any tranche of Notes 
offered to the public or, as the case may be, when trading of any tranche of Notes on a regulated market 
begins, in respect of Notes issued on the basis of this Prospectus. 
 
No person has been authorised to give any information which is not contained in, or not consistent with, 
this Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information 
supplied by the Issuer or such other information as in the public domain and, if given or made, such 
information must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them. 
 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Prospectus, excluding the 
Issuer, is responsible for the information contained in this Prospectus or any supplement thereto, or any 
Final Terms or any other document incorporated herein by reference, and accordingly, and to the extent 
permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility for the 
accuracy and completeness of the information contained in any of these documents. 
 
This Prospectus and any supplement thereto as well as any Final Terms reflect the status as of their 
respective dates of issue. The delivery of this Prospectus, any supplement thereto, or any Final Terms and 
the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes may not be taken as an implication that the information 
contained in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their respective dates of issue or that 
there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer since that date or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is accurate at any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
 
The distribution of this Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. 
 
Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required to inform themselves 
about and observe any such restrictions. For a description of restrictions applicable in the United States of 
America, Japan, the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, Singapore and Switzerland see 
"Subscription and Sale". In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and are subject to tax law requirements of the United States of 
America; subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States 
of America or to U.S. persons.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended, to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as 
amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565(as amended) as it forms part of 
English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 (as amended) as it forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in point (e) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) as it 
forms part of English law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended) as it forms part of 
English law by virtue of EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor or in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK MiFIR Product Governance / Target Market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of

--- Page 43 ---
43 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
 
Benchmarks register 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR®, which is provided by 
European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"). As at the date of this Prospectus, EMMI appears on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status 
of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and save where required 
by applicable law the Issuer does not intend to include in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes any 
information on the registration status of any administrator. 
This Prospectus has been drafted in the English language and, subject to the following paragraph, the 
English language shall be the prevailing language of this Prospectus. 
Where parts of this Prospectus are drafted in a bilingual format reflecting both an English language version 
and a German language version, for purposes of reading and construing the contents of this Prospectus, the 
English language version shall prevail, provided, however, that certain parts of this Prospectus (in 
particular the terms and conditions of the Notes) reflect documents which have been, or will be, executed as 
separate documents with the German language version being the prevailing version thereof. 
This Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published. This Prospectus 
and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by and to anyone in 
any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is 
unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
This Prospectus, any supplements thereto and any Final Terms do not constitute an offer or an invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase any of the Notes. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer(s) who is/are named 
in the relevant Final Terms as the stabilising manager(s) (or persons acting on its/their behalf) may over-
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the 
offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the Notes. 
Any stabilisation action or over‑allotment must be conducted by the relevant stabilising manager(s) 
(or person(s) acting on behalf of any stabilising manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws 
and rules. 
Certain figures included in this Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and may not be an arithmetic 
aggregation for the figures that preceded them. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and their 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, 
the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and 
equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their 
own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that 
have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent 
with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge 
such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or

--- Page 44 ---
44 
the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
GENERAL INFORMATION  
 
 
Issuer 
 
OMV Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Programme Amount 
 
The current maximum aggregate principal amount of all Notes at any one time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed Euro 12,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies), subject to an 
increase from time to time in accordance with applicable law and the provisions of the amended and 
restated dealer agreement dated 27 August 2021 (the "Dealer Agreement") relating to the Programme.  
 
Arranger  
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
 
Dealers  
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Erste Group Bank AG 
J.P. Morgan AG  
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
Notes may be issued from time to time to one or more of the Dealers specified above (the "Dealers" and 
each a "Dealer"), which expression shall include any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme in 
accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement and which appointment may be for a specific issue 
of Notes only or on an ongoing basis. 
 
Fiscal Agent 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
1115 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
Paying Agent 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main

--- Page 46 ---
46 
Germany 
 
Approval and Notifications 
 
Application has been made to the CSSF in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation for approval of this Prospectus. The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the economic or financial opportunity of the 
operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of the 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
 
In order to be able to conduct a public offer and/or a listing on the Vienna Stock Exchange in relation to 
certain issues of Notes, the Issuer has requested the CSSF in its capacity as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation and Luxembourg Law to provide the competent authorities in Germany and in 
Austria with a Notification for an offer of such Notes in Germany and Austria and/or a listing of the 
Programme and/or such Notes on the Vienna Stock Exchange. The Issuer may from time to time request 
the CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional host Member States within the European Economic 
Area with a Notification. 
 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
 
Application may be made to list Notes issued under the Programme on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and to admit to trading such Notes on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg). Furthermore, application may be made to list Notes issued under the 
Programme on the Vienna Stock Exchange and to admit to trading the Programme and/or such Notes on the 
Regulated Market (Amtlicher Handel) of the Vienna Stock Exchange. Each of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's Regulated Market and the Vienna Stock Exchange's Second Regulated Market (Amtlicher 
Handel) are regulated markets for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, (as amended, "MiFID II"). The 
Programme provides that Notes may be listed on other or further stock exchanges, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each Series, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Notes may further be issued under the Programme without being listed on any stock exchange. 
 
Distribution 
 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
 
Selling Restrictions 
 
Notes are not being offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. In addition, there 
are certain restrictions on the offer and sale of Notes and the distribution of offering materials within the 
European Economic Area and other jurisdictions. For a description of these and other restrictions on sale 
and transfer see "Subscription and Sale". 
 
Authorisations 
 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Executive Board (Vorstand) of 
the Issuer dated 23 March 2009. The increase of the amount of the Programme to EUR 4,000,000,000 was 
authorised by a resolution of the Executive Board (Vorstand) of the Issuer dated 11 June 2012. The increase 
of the amount of the Programme to EUR 6,000,000,000 was authorised by a resolution of the Executive 
Board (Vorstand) of the Issuer dated 27 May 2013. The further increase of the amount of the Programme to 
EUR 8,000,000,000 was authorised by a resolution of the Executive Board (Vorstand) of the Issuer dated 
22 October 2018 and a resolution of the Supervisory Board (Aufsichtsrat) of the Issuer dated 13 November 
2018. Another increase in the program amount from EUR 8,000,000,000 to EUR 12,000,000,000 was 
resolved by a resolution of the Executive Board (Vorstand) of the Issuer dated 12 May 2020. Tranches of 
Notes will be issued in accordance with internal approvals by the Issuer, as in force from time to time.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
US Legend 
 
Each Bearer Note in relation to issues with a maturity of more than one year, Receipt, Coupon and Talon 
will bear the following legend: "Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to 
limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sec. 165(j) and 
1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code". 
 
Clearance 
 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and CBL and may be accepted for clearance 
through Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main ("CBF") and OeKB CSD GmbH ("OeKB"). The 
Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and the German Securities Code 
(WKN), if any, for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Use of Proceeds 
 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purpose 
unless the relevant Final Terms specify a different use of proceeds.  
 
Various categories of potential investors to which the Notes may be offered 
 
Notes may be offered to qualified investors and/or retail investors as further specified in the relevant Final 
Terms 
 
A. Documents on Display 
 
Prospectus 
 
This Prospectus, any supplement thereto, if any, and any documents incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange under 
"www.bourse.lu" and the website of the Issuer under https://www.omv.com/en/investor-relations/financing 
and will be available, during normal business hours, free of charge at the specified office of the Issuer. 
 
This Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent subparagraph (ii) below may 
apply, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant State") 
will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that 
Relevant State of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Prospectus as completed 
by final terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in 
relation to such offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer has been approved by the competent authority in 
that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent 
authority in that Relevant State and (in either case) published, all in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms which 
specify that offers may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that 
Relevant State and such offer is made in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified for such 
purpose in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable. Except to the extent subparagraph (ii) above may 
apply, neither any of the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any 
offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or 
supplement a prospectus for such offer.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
Final Terms 
 
In relation to Notes which are publicly offered, the final terms relating to the relevant Series of Notes 
(the "Final Terms") will be available, during normal business hours, at the specified office of the Issuer. 
Furthermore, in relation to Notes which are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de 
Luxembourg), the relevant Final Terms will also be available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange at "www.bourse.lu". 
 
B. Other Documents 
 
Copies of the documents specified below will be available for inspection at the specified office of the Issuer 
during normal business hours, as long as any of the Notes are outstanding: 
 
1. 
the Articles of Association (in the German language and an English translation thereof);  
 
2. 
the Annual Reports 2019 and 2020 containing the audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020; and 
 
3.  
the Quarterly Report Q2 2021 containing the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial 
statements of the Issuer as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2021.  
 
C. Documents Incorporated by reference 
 
The following documents shall be incorporated by reference into this Prospectus: 
 
 
Document / Heading 
Page reference 
in the relevant 
source 
document 
 
 
The audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2019 contained in the OMV AG "Geschäftsbericht 2019" 
 
Bestätigungsvermerk 
108-116 
Konzern-Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung 
118 
Konzern-Gesamtergebnisrechnung 
119 
Konzernbilanz 
120-121 
Entwicklung des Konzern-Eigenkapitals 
122-123 
Konzern-Cashflow-Rechnung 
124 
Konzernanhang 
 
Grundlagen der Abschlusserstellung und Bilanzierungsgrundsätze 
 
Segmentberichterstattung 
 
Erläuterungen zur Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung 
 
Erläuterungen zur Bilanz 
 
Ergänzende Angaben zur Finanzlage 
 
Sonstige Angaben 
 
125-142 
143-146 
147-155 
156-187 
188-207 
208-221 
 
https://www.omv.com/services/downloads/00/omv.com/1522184187414/omv-annual-report-2019 
 
 
The audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020 contained in the OMV AG "Geschäftsbericht 2020" 
 
Bestätigungsvermerk 
94-103 
Konzern-Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung 
104 
Konzern-Gesamtergebnisrechnung 
105 
Konzernbilanz 
106-107 
Entwicklung des Konzern-Eigenkapitals 
108-109

--- Page 49 ---
49 
Konzern-Cashflow-Rechnung 
110 
Konzernanhang 
 
Grundlagen der Abschlusserstellung und Bilanzierungsgrundsätze 
 
Segmentberichterstattung 
 
Erläuterungen zur Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung 
 
Erläuterungen zur Bilanz 
 
Ergänzende Angaben zur Finanzlage 
 
Sonstige Angaben 
 
 
111-129 
130-133 
134-143 
144-178 
179-199 
200-214 
https://www.omv.com/services/downloads/00/omv.com/1522200151264/omv-geschaeftsbericht-2020  
 
The unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements as of and for the 
six months ended 30 June 2021 contained in the OMV AG "Quartalsbericht 2021 – 
Q2" 
 
 
Konzernzwischenabschluss (verkürzt, ungeprüft) 
 
 
Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung (ungeprüft) 
17 
 
Gesamtergebnisrechnung (verkürzt, ungeprüft) 
17 
 
Konzernbilanz (ungeprüft) 
18 
 
Eigenkapitalveränderungsrechnung (verkürzt, ungeprüft) 
19 
 
Konzern-Cashflow-Rechnung (verkürzt, ungeprüft) ........ 
20 
 
Ausgewählte Erläuterungen zum Konzernzwischenabschluss 
 
 
Gesetzliche Grundlagen 
21 
 
Erläuterungen zur Gewinn- und Verlustrechnung 
25 
 
Erläuterung zur Bilanz  
25-27 
 
Segmentberichterstattung 
27-28 
 
Ergänzende Angaben 
28-29 
 
https://www.omv.com/services/downloads/00/omv.com/1522205561057/omv-group-report-q2-2021 
 
The audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2019 contained in the OMV AG Annual Report 2019 (non-binding 
English translation of the German language version) 
 
Auditors' report 
108-116 
Consolidated income statement 
118 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
119 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
120-121 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
122-123 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
124 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 
Basis of preparation and accounting policies 
 
Segment reporting 
 
Notes to the income statement 
 
Notes to the statement of financial position 
 
Supplementary information on the financial position 
 
Other information 
 
125-141 
142-145 
146-154 
155-186 
187-203 
204-217 
 
https://www.omv.com/services/downloads/00/omv.com/1522184186595/omv-annual-report-2019 
 
 
The audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020 contained in the OMV AG Annual Report 2020 (non-binding 
English translation of the German language version) 
 
Auditors' report 
88-96 
Consolidated income statement 
98 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
99 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
100-101 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
102-103

--- Page 50 ---
50 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
104 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 
Basis of preparation and accounting policies 
 
Segment reporting 
 
Notes to the income statement 
 
Notes to the statement of financial position 
 
Supplementary information on the financial position 
 
Other information 
 
105-121 
122-125 
126-134 
135-169 
170-186 
187-201 
 
https://www.omv.com/services/downloads/00/omv.com/1522200151200/omv-annual-report-2020  
 
 
The unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements as of and for the 
six months ended 30 June 2021 contained in the OMV AG – "Quarterly Report 2021 
– Q2" (non-binding English translation of the German language version) 
 
 
Group interim financial statements (condensed, unaudited) 
 
 
Income statement (unaudited) 
16 
 
Statement of comprehensive income (condensed, unaudited) 
16 
 
Statement of financial position (unaudited) 
17 
 
Statement of changes in equity (condensed, unaudited) 
18 
 
Summarized statement of cash flows (condensed, unaudited) 
19 
 
Selected notes to the consolidated interim financial statements 
 
 
Legal principles 
20 
 
Notes to the income statement 
24 
 
Notes to the statement of financial position 
24-26 
 
Segment reporting 
26-27 
 
Other notes 
27-28 
 
https://www.omv.com/services/downloads/00/omv.com/1522205560772/omv-group-report-q2-2021 
 
The information contained in the source documents that is not included in the cross-reference list above, is 
considered as additional information and is not mandatorily required. 
 
Any document incorporated by reference (i.e. the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as 
of and for the financial years 2019 and 2020 and the corresponding auditor’s report thereon, respectively, 
and the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements as of and for the six months ended 
30 June 2021 as specified in the table above under "Documents Incorporated by Reference") into this 
Prospectus will be available for inspection at the specified office of the Issuer during normal business 
hours, as long as any of the Notes are outstanding and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
under "www.bourse.lu" and on the website of the Issuer under "https://www.omv.com/en/investor-
relations/publications". 
 
Any websites included in the Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of the 
Prospectus.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
 
The following description of certain general features of the Notes issued under the Programme does 
not purport to be complete and is taken from and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this 
Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes and the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Notes may feature any combination of the features individually summarised below. 
 
Offer Price and Yield 
 
Notes may be issued at an offer price, which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as stated in 
the relevant Final Terms. The offer price for Notes to be issued will be determined at the time of pricing on 
the basis of a yield which will be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which are received 
by the Dealers during the offer period. Orders will specify a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at 
or above such yield. The resulting yield will be used to determine an offer price, all to correspond to the 
yield. 
 
The yield for Fixed Rate Notes will be calculated by the use of the ICMA method, which determines the 
effective interest rate of Notes taking into account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
 
Currencies 
 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes may be issued in such 
currencies as agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
 
Denominations and redemption 
 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of the Notes will be  
Euro 1,000 or the equivalent amount in another currency. 
 
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom will have a minimum denomination of 
GBP 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies), unless such Notes may not be redeemed until on or 
after the first anniversary of their date of issue. 
 
Notes will be redeemed at a minimum of 100% of the nominal value of the Notes. 
 
Tranche to become part of an existing Series 
 
An issue of Notes under the Programme may become part of an existing series of Notes previously issued 
under this Programme in which case the relevant Final Terms will give detailed information on the 
principal amount, the issue date and the series number of the existing series of Notes to be increased. 
 
Form of Notes 
 
The Notes will be issued in form of Global Notes (as defined below) in bearer form. Notes (the "Rules D 
Notes") are subject to the U.S. Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules"). Rules D Notes 
will always be represented initially by a temporary global note ("Temporary Global Note" and, together 
with the Permanent Global Note, each a "Global Note") which will be exchanged for Notes represented by 
one or more Permanent Global Note(s) not earlier than 40 days after the completion of distribution of the 
Notes comprising the relevant Tranche upon certification of non U.S.-beneficial ownership in the form 
available from time to time at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. Each Global Note will bear the 
following legend: "Any United States person (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code) who holds this 
obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations 
provided in Sec. 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.". The sections of the U.S. Internal

--- Page 52 ---
52 
Revenue Code referred to in the legend provide that a United States taxpayer, with certain exceptions, will 
not be permitted to deduct any loss, and will not be eligible for capital gains treatment with respect to any 
gain realised on any sale, exchange or redemption of Notes. 
 
Notes may be issued in new global note ("NGN") or in classical global note ("CGN") form, both as stated 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Global Notes which will be issued in CGN form, as stated in the relevant Final Terms, may be deposited on 
or prior to the issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or CBL. Global Notes 
which will be issued in NGN form, as stated in the relevant Final Terms, may be delivered on or prior to 
the Issue Date to Euroclear and CBL in its function as common safekeeper. 
 
Global Notes may also be deposited with CBF or OeKB. 
 
Interest Periods and Interest Payment Dates 
 
Interest, if any, payable on Notes will be paid for such interest periods and/or on such interest payment 
dates as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and will be calculated on the basis of 
such day count fraction, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Maturities 
 
Notes may have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms. Any Notes, the proceeds of which are to be accepted by the 
relevant Issuer in the United Kingdom, which must be redeemed before the first anniversary of the date of 
their issue, shall (a) have a redemption value of not less than GBP 100,000 (or an amount of equivalent 
value denominated wholly or partly in a currency other than Sterling), and (b) provide that no part of any 
such Note may be transferred unless the redemption value of that part is not less than GBP 100,000 (or such 
equivalent amount). 
 
Fixed Rate Notes 
 
Notes with a fixed rate of interest ("Fixed Rate Notes") bear a fixed interest income throughout the entire 
term of the Notes. Fixed interest will be payable on such basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms and at maturity and will be calculated on the 
basis of such day count fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate Notes 
 
Notes with a floating rate of interest ("Floating Rate Notes") will bear interest at a rate determined (and as 
adjusted for any applicable margin): 
 
(i) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page of a commercial quotation service; 
or 
 
(ii) on such basis as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The margin (if any) and/or a factor (if any) relating to such floating rate will be indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Interest periods for Floating Rate Notes will typically be one, three, six or twelve months or such other 
period(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer(s), and indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
Zero Coupon Notes 
 
Notes without periodic interest payments ("Zero Coupon Notes") may be issued at their principal amount, 
above par or at a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates 
 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest rate or its method of calculation 
may differ from time to time or be constant for any Series of Notes. Notes may have a maximum interest 
rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. 
 
Optional Redemption 
 
Subject to the restrictions set out in "Maturities" above, the Final Terms in respect of each issue of Notes 
will state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer 
(either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders, and if so the terms applicable to such redemption. 
 
Early Redemption 
 
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption" above, Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
prior to maturity (i) for taxation reasons if as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations (including any change in, or amendment to, an official interpretation or application of such laws 
or regulations) of Austria, the Issuer is required to pay additional amounts on the Notes, or (ii) in case of 
Notes linked to a benchmark, in case of a discontinuation of such benchmark, all as more fully set out in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
 
Taxation 
 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made at source without withholding or deduction for 
or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by way of 
withholding or deduction at source by or on behalf of Austria or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such 
event, the Issuer shall pay, subject to certain customary exceptions, such additional amounts as shall be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders after such withholding or deduction 
shall equal the respective amounts which would otherwise have been receivable in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction. Should the Issuer become obliged to pay such additional amounts, the applicable 
Final Terms will state that the relevant Series of Notes may be redeemed early, in whole but not in part, at 
the option of the Issuer. 
 
Noteholders should be aware that the particular terms of issue of any Notes may affect the treatment of that 
Series of Notes and they should consult their professional tax advisers. 
 
Status of Notes 
 
The Notes will constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu 
among themselves and pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
except for any obligation preferred by law. 
 
Negative Pledge 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for a Negative Pledge of the Issuer.  
 
Events of Default 
 
The Notes will provide for events of default entitling Noteholders to demand immediate redemption of the 
Notes.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
Cross Default 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for a cross default clause.  
 
Governing Law 
 
The Notes and all other documentation relating to the Programme are governed by German law.  
 
Place of Jurisdiction 
 
Place of jurisdiction for the Notes is Frankfurt am Main, Germany.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
AND RELATED INFORMATION 
 
This section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes and Related Information" comprises the following parts: 
 
I. 
General Information applicable to the Notes; 
 
II. 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes; and  
 
III. 
the Form of Final Terms.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
I. General Information applicable to the Notes 
 
Issue Procedures 
 
Terms and Conditions applicable to Notes  
 
The terms and conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and Conditions") are set forth in the following 
3 options (each an "Option" and, together, the "Options"): 
 
Option I applies to Fixed Rate Notes. 
 
Option II applies to Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Option III applies to Zero Coupon Notes. 
 
Type A and Type B 
 
Each set of Terms and Conditions contains, for the relevant Option, in certain places placeholders or 
potentially a variety of possible further variables for a provision. These are marked with square brackets 
and corresponding comments. 
 
The Terms and Conditions apply to a Series of Notes and as documented by the relevant Final Terms either 
in the form of "Type A" or in the form of "Type B": 
 
Type A 
 
If Type A applies to a Series of Notes, the conditions applicable to the relevant Series of Notes  
(the "Conditions") will be determined as follows: 
 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall (i) determine which of the 
Option I through III of the Terms and Conditions including certain further options contained therein, 
respectively, shall apply to the relevant Series of Notes by inserting such Option in Part I of the Final 
Terms and shall (ii) specify and complete such Option so inserted by replicating the relevant provisions and 
completing the relevant placeholders of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the 
Prospectus in the Final Terms. 
 
Where Type A applies, the Conditions only will be attached to the respective Global Note. 
 
Type B 
 
If Type B applies to a Series of Notes, the conditions applicable to the relevant Series of Notes  
(the "Conditions") will be determined as follows: 
 
The Final Terms shall (i) determine which of the Option I through III shall apply to the relevant Series of 
Notes, and shall (ii) specify the variables that shall be applicable to such Series of Notes by completing the 
relevant tables pertaining to the chosen Option contained in Part I of the Final Terms and referring to the 
relevant provisions of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus. The Final 
Terms will specify that the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as 
set out in the Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. 
 
Where Type B applies, both (i) the completed tables pertaining to the relevant Option in Part I of the Final 
Terms, and (ii) the relevant Option I through III of the Terms and Conditions will be attached to the 
respective Global Note. In such case, Holders have to use the information set out in Part I of the relevant 
Final Terms and read it together with the relevant Terms and Conditions by filling in relevant information 
into the placeholders and options of the relevant Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
Language 
 
German with an English convenience translation 
 
In case German with an English convenience translation shall apply, the Final Terms in relation to a Series 
of Notes determine that the German text of the Terms and Conditions shall be legally binding. A non-
binding English translation may be prepared for convenience only. 
 
German only 
 
In case German only applies, the Final Terms relating to a Series of Notes may also determine that the 
Terms and Conditions are drafted in the German language only. 
 
English with a German convenience translation 
 
In case English with a German convenience translation shall apply, the Final Terms in relation to a Series 
of Notes determine that the English text of the Terms and Conditions shall be legally binding. A non-
binding German translation may be prepared for convenience only. 
 
English only 
 
Generally, the Final Terms relating to a Series of Notes may also determine that the Terms and Conditions 
are drafted in the English language only.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
II. Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
(ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION) 
 
OPTION I: 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF 
FIXED RATE NOTES  
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, TITLE 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
(1) Currency, Denomination. This tranche [insert tranche number] of Notes (the "Notes") which itself or, 
together with one or more other tranches, shall comprise a "Series" of OMV Aktiengesellschaft is being 
issued in [insert specified currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the aggregate principal amount [In the 
case the Global Note is an NGN, insert: (subject to § 1(6))] of [insert aggregate principal amount] (in 
words: [insert aggregate principal amount in words]) in a denomination of [insert Specified 
Denomination] (the "Specified Denomination"). 
 
[If the Tranche becomes part of an existing Series, insert: This Tranche [insert number of tranche] shall 
be consolidated and form a single Series [insert number of series] with the Series [number of series], 
ISIN [●] / WKN [●], Tranche 1 issued on [insert Issue Date of Tranche 1] [For each further Tranche, 
insert: and Tranche [insert number of tranche] issued on [insert Issue Date of this Tranche] of this 
Series]. The aggregate principal amount of Series [insert number of series] is [insert aggregate principal 
amount of the consolidated Series [insert number of series].]  
 
(2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
 
(3) Temporary Global Note - Exchange 
 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary Global Note") without 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for Notes in Specified Denominations 
represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The 
Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") shall each be signed 
manually or in facsimile by two authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated by or 
on behalf of the Fiscal Agent (as determined in § 6). Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued. 
 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global Note on a date not earlier than 
40 days after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall only be made upon 
delivery of certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person (other than certain financial institutions or certain persons 
holding Notes through such financial institutions). Payment of interest on Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note will be made only after delivery of such certifications. A separate certification 
shall be required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any such certification received on or after 
the 40th day after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to exchange 
such Temporary Global Note pursuant to subparagraph (b) of this § 1 (3). Any securities delivered in 
exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only outside of the United States (as defined 
in § 4 (3)). 
 
(4) Clearing System. [The] [Each] Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of a Clearing System 
until all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. "Clearing System" means [If more 
than one Clearing System, insert: each of] the following: [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg ("CBL")] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear")] [CBL

--- Page 59 ---
59 
and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together the "ICSDs"] [OeKB CSD GmbH ("OeKB")] [,] [and] [specify 
other Clearing System] or any successor in respect of the functions performed by [If more than one 
Clearing System, insert: each of the Clearing Systems] [If one Clearing System, insert: the Clearing 
System]. 
 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs, insert: 
 
[In the case the Global Note is an NGN, insert: 
 
The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a common safekeeper on 
behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
[In the case the Global Note is a CGN, insert: 
 
The Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a common depositary 
on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
(5) Noteholders. "Noteholder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial interest 
or right in the Notes. 
 
[In the case of the Global Note is an NGN, insert: 
 
(6) Records of the ICSDs. The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note shall be 
the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs 
(which expression means the records that each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such 
customer's interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant ICSD at that time. 
 
On any redemption or payment of an instalment or interest being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer shall procure that details of such 
redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global Note shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be reduced 
by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and cancelled or by the aggregate 
amount of such instalment so paid.] 
 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is an NGN, insert: On an exchange of a portion only of the Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note, the issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs.]] 
 
[(6)][(7)] Title. 
 
(a) 
A Noteholder will (except as otherwise required by applicable laws or regulatory requirements) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or any interest thereof or therein, any writing thereon, or any theft or loss thereof) and 
no person shall be liable for so treating such Noteholder. 
 
(b) The transfer of title to Notes is effected by agreement on the transfer among the relevant parties and by 
delivery or otherwise in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations including the rules of any 
relevant Clearing System. References herein to "Noteholders" of Notes are to the bearers of such Notes. 
 
[(7)][(8)] Business Day. In these Terms and Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which both (i) the Clearing System, and (ii) [If the Specified Currency is 
Euro insert: [TARGET (as defined below)] [and commercial banks and foreign exchange markets in [insert

--- Page 60 ---
60 
all relevant financial centres]] [If the Specified Currency is not Euro insert: commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets in [insert all relevant financial centres]] settle payments. 
 
[If TARGET is applicable, insert: "TARGET" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer payment system 2 or any successor system thereto.] 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
 
(1) Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present 
and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of 
law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
 
(2) Negative Pledge. So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall 
procure that its Material Subsidiaries shall not create, or have outstanding, any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge 
or other security interest, upon the whole or any part of its present or future assets to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness, or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness without at the same time, 
or prior thereto, securing such Notes equally and rateably therewith. 
 
"Material Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary (as defined below): 
 
(a) 
whose net income for the year (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary preparing consolidated 
financial statements and non-consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary preparing non-consolidated 
financial statements) or whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary preparing 
consolidated financial statements and non-consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary preparing non-
consolidated financial statements) represent not less than 10% of the consolidated net income for the 
year, or, as the case may be, the consolidated total assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a 
whole, all as calculated respectively by reference to the latest financial statements (consolidated or, 
as the case may be, unconsolidated) of the Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer; provided that in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of 
the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
relate for the purposes of applying each of the foregoing tests, the reference to the Issuer′s latest 
audited consolidated financial statements shall be deemed to be a reference to such financial 
statements as if such Subsidiary had been shown in such financial statements by reference to its then 
latest relevant financial statements, adjusted as deemed appropriate by the auditors for the time being 
of the Issuer after consultation with the Issuer; or 
 
(b) 
to which is transferred all or substantially all of the business, undertaking and assets of another 
Subsidiary which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary, whereupon (i) in the 
case of a transfer by a Material Subsidiary, the transferor Material Subsidiary shall immediately 
cease to be a Material Subsidiary and (ii) the transferee Subsidiary shall immediately become a 
Material Subsidiary, provided that on or after the date on which the relevant financial statements for 
the financial period current at the date of such transfer are published, whether such transferor 
Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary is or is not a Material Subsidiary shall be determined 
pursuant to the provisions of sub-paragraph (a) above. 
 
A report by two duly authorised persons of the Issuer that in their opinion (making such adjustments (if any) 
as they shall deem appropriate) a Subsidiary is or is not or was or was not at any particular time or during any 
particular period a Material Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on 
the Issuer and the Noteholders. 
 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any indebtedness which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, 
bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities which for the time being are, or are intended to be or 
capable of being, quoted, listed or dealt in or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-counter or other 
securities market.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
"Subsidiary" means any entity whose financial statements at any time are required by law or in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles to be fully consolidated with those of the Issuer. 
 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes, all the Notes issued except (a) those which have been 
redeemed in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for 
redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date 
for such redemption and any interest payable under these Terms and Conditions after such date) have been 
duly paid to the Fiscal Agent and remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of Notes, 
(c) those in respect of which claims have become void, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as 
provided in these Terms and Conditions, (e) those mutilated or defaced Notes which have been surrendered in 
exchange for replacement Notes, (f) (for the purpose only of determining how many Notes are outstanding 
and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or 
destroyed and in respect of which replacement Notes have been issued, and (g) the Temporary Global Note to 
the extent that it shall have been exchanged for the Permanent Global Note pursuant to its provisions. 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. The Notes shall bear interest on their principal amount at the 
rate of [insert Rate of Interest] % per annum from (and including) [insert Interest Commencement Date] 
(the "Interest Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (as defined in § 5 (1)).  
 
Interest shall be payable in arrears on [insert Fixed Interest Date or Dates] in each year (each such date, an 
"Interest Payment Date"), subject to adjustment in accordance with § 4 (5). The first payment of interest 
shall, subject to adjustment in accordance with § 4 (5), be made on [insert First Interest Payment Date] [If 
First Interest Payment Date is not first anniversary of Interest Commencement Date, insert: and will 
amount to [insert Initial Broken Amount per Specified Denomination] per Note].  
 
[If the Maturity Date is not a Fixed Interest Date, insert: Interest in respect of the period from [insert 
Fixed Interest Date preceding the Maturity Date] (inclusive) to the Maturity Date (exclusive) will amount 
to [insert Final Broken Amount per Specified Denomination] per Note.]  
 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA) insert: The number of interest determination dates per calendar year (each a 
"Determination Date" is [insert number of regular interest payment dates per calendar year].] 
 
(2) Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall cease to bear interest from the day preceding their due date for 
redemption. If the Issuer shall fail to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall continue to accrue on the 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes beyond the due date until the day preceding the day of actual 
redemption of the Notes. This does not affect any additional rights that might be available to the Noteholders. 
 
(3) Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest is required to be calculated for a period of less than a 
full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as defined below). 
 
(4) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest 
on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
 
[In the case of Actual/Actual (ICMA), insert: 
 
1. 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) the most 
recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
relevant payment date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period (as 
defined below) during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in § 3 (1)) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
 
2. 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the sum of:

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
- 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which the Accrual 
Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in § 3 (1)) that would occur in one calendar 
year; and 
 
- 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period divided by the 
product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in § 3 (1)) that would occur in one calendar year. 
 
"Determination Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the next or first Interest Payment Date.] 
 
[In the case of 30/360, insert: the number of days in the period from and including the most recent Interest 
Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding the relevant payment date 
(such number of days being calculated on the basis of 12 30-day months) divided by 360.] 
 
[In the case of ACT/ACT (ISDA) or Actual/365, insert: the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any calculation portion of that period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period not falling in a leap year divided by 365).] 
 
[In the case of Actual/ 365 (Fixed), insert: the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
365.] 
 
[In the case of Actual/360, insert: the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis, insert: the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless 
(A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period 
is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall 
not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last 
day of the month of February in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to 
a 30-day month).] 
 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis, insert: the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without 
regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
(1) (a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect of Notes shall be made, subject to paragraph (2) 
below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant accountholders of the 
Clearing System upon presentation and (except in the case of partial payment) surrender of the Global Note 
representing the Notes at the time of payment at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent outside the United 
States. 
 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on Notes shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System. 
 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject to 
paragraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the relevant accountholders of the Clearing 
System, upon due certification as provided in § 1 (3) (b).

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of amounts due 
in respect of the Notes shall be made in the freely negotiable and convertible currency which on the respective 
due date is the currency of the country of the Specified Currency. 
 
(3) United States. For purposes of § 1 (3) and paragraph (1) of this § 4, "United States" means the United 
States of America (including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its territories (including 
Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands) 
and possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction. 
 
(4) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
 
(5) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment 
Business Day then: 
 
[In the case of Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert: the Noteholder shall not be entitled 
to payment until the next day which is a Payment Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event the payment date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
 
[In the case of Following Business Day Convention, insert: the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment 
until the next day which is a Payment Business Day.] 
 
[In the case of Preceding Business Day Convention, insert: the Noteholder shall be entitled to payment on 
the immediately preceding Payment Business Day.] 
 
[In the case "Unadjusted" is applicable, insert: If the payment of any amount shall be unadjusted as 
described above, the relevant amount payable and the relevant Interest Payment Date shall not be adjusted 
respectively.]  
 
[In the case "Adjusted" is applicable, insert: If the payment of any amount shall be adjusted as described 
above, the relevant amount payable and the relevant Interest Payment Date shall be adjusted respectively.] 
 
The Noteholder shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means a day which is a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which both (i) the Clearing System, and (ii) [If the Specified Currency is not Euro, insert: commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets in [insert all relevant financial centres]] [If the Specified Currency is 
Euro insert: [TARGET] [and commercial banks and foreign exchange markets in [insert all relevant 
financial centres]]] settle payments. 
 
(6) References to Principal and Interest. References in these Terms and Conditions of the Notes to principal in 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; the 
Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; [If redeemable at the option of the Issuer for reasons other than 
Reasons for Taxation insert: the Call Redemption Amount of the Notes;] [If redeemable at the option of 
the Noteholder, insert: the Put Redemption Amount of the Notes;] and any premium and any other amounts 
which may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. References in these Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts 
which may be payable under § 7. 
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [insert Maturity Date] (the "Maturity 
Date"). The Final Redemption Amount in respect of each Note shall be its Specified Denomination.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Republic of Austria or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein 
affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official 
interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or change is effective on or after 
the date on which the last tranche of this Series of Notes was issued, the Issuer is required to pay Additional 
Amounts pursuant to § 7 (1) on the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (as defined in § 3 (1)), the Notes 
may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon not less than 30 days' prior notice 
of redemption given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § 12, to the Noteholders, at their Early 
Redemption Amount (as defined below) together with interest, if any, accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § 12. It shall be irrevocable, must specify the date fixed for 
redemption and must set forth a statement in summary form of the facts constituting the basis for the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem. 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer, insert: 
 
(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
 
(a) 
The Issuer may, not less than 15 Business Days before the giving of a notice to the Paying Agent and 
upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), redeem [all] [or] [some] of the Notes on the Call 
Redemption Date[s] at the Call Redemption Amount[s] set forth below together with accrued interest, if 
any, to (but excluding) the relevant Call Redemption Date. [If Minimum Redemption Amount or 
Higher Redemption Amount applies, insert: Any such redemption must be of a principal amount 
equal to [at least [insert [Minimum Redemption Amount]] [insert Higher Redemption Amount].] 
 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
[insert Call Redemption Date(s)] 
[insert Call Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Noteholder, insert: The Issuer may not 
exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Noteholder thereof 
of its option to require the redemption of such Note under subparagraph [(3)][(4)] of this § 5.] 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with § 12. Such 
notice shall specify: 
 
(i) 
the Tranche or Series, as the case may be, of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
(ii) whether such Tranche or Series, as the case may be, is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, 
if in part only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not less than [insert Minimum Notice to Noteholders] 
nor more than [insert Maximum Notice to Noteholders] days after the date on which notice is 
given by the Issuer to the Noteholders; and 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with 
the rules of the relevant Clearing System [In the case of an issue of Notes in NGN form, insert: and 
such redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and/or Euroclear as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at the discretion of CBL and Euroclear].

--- Page 65 ---
65 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of a Noteholder, insert: 
 
[(3)][(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Noteholder. 
 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, at the option of a Noteholder, redeem such Note on the Put Redemption Date[s] at the 
Put Redemption Amount[s] set forth below together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the 
Put Redemption Date. 
 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
[insert Put Redemption Date(s)] 
[insert Put Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
The Noteholder may not exercise the option for Early Redemption in respect of any Note which is the subject 
of the prior exercise by the Issuer of its option to redeem such Note under this § 5. 
 
(b) In order to exercise the option for Early Redemption, the Noteholder must, not less than [insert 
Minimum Notice to Issuer which shall not be less than 10] nor more than [insert Maximum Notice 
to Issuer] days before the Put Redemption Date on which such redemption is required to be made as 
specified in the Put Notice (as defined below), submit during normal business hours at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent a duly completed early redemption notice ("Put Notice") in the form available 
from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. No option so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. If 
these Notes are held through Euroclear or CBL, to exercise the right to require redemption of these 
Notes the Noteholder must, within the notice period, give notice to the Fiscal Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and CBL (which may include notice being given 
on his instruction by Euroclear or CBL or any common depositary for them to the Fiscal Agent by 
electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and CBL from time to time.] 
 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption as a result of a Change of Control Event, insert: 
 
[(3)][(4)][(5)] Early Redemption for Reasons of a Change of Control Event. 
 
(a) 
In the event that a Change of Control Event (as defined below) occurs: 
 
(i) any Noteholder may, by submitting a redemption notice (the "Early Redemption Notice"), demand 
from the Issuer redemption as of the Effective Date (as defined under subparagraph (a)(ii)(B) below) 
of any or all of its Notes which are or were not otherwise declared due for early redemption, at their 
Specified Denomination plus interest accrued until (but excluding) the Effective Date. Each Early 
Redemption Notice must be received by the Fiscal Agent no less than 30 days prior to the Effective 
Date; and 
 
(ii) the Issuer will (A) immediately after becoming aware of the Change of Control Event, publish this 
fact by way of a notice pursuant to § 12, and (B) determine and publish pursuant to § 12 the effective 
date for the purposes of Early Redemption Notice (the "Effective Date"). The Effective Date must be 
a Business Day not less than 60 and not more than 90 days after publication of the notice regarding 
the Change of Control Event pursuant to subparagraph (a)(ii)(A). 
 
(b) Any Early Redemption Notice shall be made in writing in German or English and shall be delivered in 
text form to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office. The Early Redemption Notice must be accompanied 
by evidence showing that the relevant Noteholder is the holder of the relevant Note at the time the Early 
Redemption Notice is delivered. Such evidence may be provided in the form of a certificate issued by 
the Custodian (as defined in § 13 (4)) or in any other suitable manner. Early Redemption Notices shall be 
irrevocable. 
 
(c) A "Change of Control Event" occurs if: 
 
(i) 
(1) the Issuer receives information from the relevant shareholder (A) on the obtaining of a 
controlling holding in it pursuant to § 22b of the Austrian Takeover Act (Übernahmegesetz)

--- Page 66 ---
66 
and/or (B) on the obtaining of a controlling holding in it pursuant to § 22(1) of the Austrian 
Takeover Act (Übernahmegesetz) or (2) an Austrian court or an Austrian administrative authority 
takes a final and binding decision on the obtaining of a controlling holding in the Issuer pursuant 
to § 22(1) or § 22b of the Austrian Takeover Act (Übernahmegesetz) or (3) a voluntary tender 
offer for the obtaining of control pursuant to § 25a of the Austrian Take Over Act 
(Übernahmegesetz) has been completed successfully or (4) if the Issuer sells or transfers all or 
substantially all of its asset to any Person or Persons, other than to one or more wholly-owned 
Subsidiaries of the Issuer (each such event being a "Change of Control"; changes in the 
syndicate of the core shareholders (e.g. changes in the shareholding, accession of third persons) 
shall not constitute Change of Control, as long as the core shareholders Österreichische 
Beteiligungs AG or its successors or any other entity directly or indirectly controlled by the 
Republic of Austria and Mubadala Petroleum and Petrochemicals Holding Company L.L.C. or 
Mubadala Investment Company PJSC or any of their respective successors or any other entity 
directly or indirectly controlled by the government of Abu Dhabi, jointly or severally, hold more 
than 30% of the share capital of the Issuer); and 
 
(ii) 
on the date (the "Relevant Announcement Date") that is the earlier of (1) the date of the first 
public announcement of the relevant Change of Control and (2) the date of the earliest Relevant 
Potential Change of Control Announcement (as defined below) (if any), the Notes: 
 
(A) carry an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-, or equivalent, or better) from any 
Rating Agency (as defined below), and such rating is, within the Change of Control Period, 
either downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or 
worse) (a "Non-Investment Grade Rating") or withdrawn and is not within the Change of 
Control Period reinstated to an investment grade credit rating by such Rating Agency; or 
 
(B) carry a Non-Investment Grade Rating from any Rating Agency and such rating is, within 
the Change of Control Period, either downgraded by one or more rating categories (by way 
of example, Ba1 to Ba2 being one rating category) or withdrawn and is not within the 
Change of Control Period reinstated to at least the same credit rating applied to the Notes 
immediately prior to such downgrading by such Rating Agency; or 
 
(C) carry no rating from any Rating Agency and the Issuer is unable to obtain such a rating of at 
least investment grade by the end of the Change of Control Period; and 
 
(iii) 
in making any decision to downgrade or withdraw a credit rating pursuant to paragraphs (ii)(A) 
and (ii)(B) above, the relevant Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms in writing that 
such decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, from the occurrence of the Change of Control or the 
Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement. 
 
(iv) 
If the rating designations employed by any of Moody's, Standard & Poor's or Fitch are changed 
from those which are described in subparagraph (ii) above, or if a rating is procured from a 
Substitute Rating Agency, the Issuer shall determine the rating designations of Moody's, Standard 
& Poor's or Fitch or such Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are most equivalent to the 
prior rating designations of Moody's, Standard & Poor's or Fitch. 
 
(d) "Change of Control Period" means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement Date and 
ending 90 days after the Change of Control (or such longer period for which the Notes are under 
consideration (such consideration having been announced publicly within the period ending 90 days after 
the Change of Control) for rating review or, as the case may be, rating by a Rating Agency, such period 
not to exceed 60 days after the public announcement of such consideration). 
 
(e) 
"Control" means the right to give directions to the management of a Subsidiary and to take decisions on 
matters of principle (including, but not limited to, the right to appoint the executive management board 
(or an equivalent body) and/or the supervisory board, if applicable) of such Subsidiary, whether by way 
of voting rights, rights arising out of the respective articles of association and/or shareholders' 
agreement(s), contract or general law or for any other reason.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
(f) 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, undertaking, 
association, organisation, trust, state or agency of a state, in each case whether or not being a separate 
entity. 
 
(g) "Rating Agency" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody's"), Standard & Poor′s Rating 
Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. ("Standard & Poor′s") or Fitch Ratings Ltd. 
("Fitch") or any of their respective successors or any other rating agency of comparable international 
standing (a "Substitute Rating Agency") substituted for any of them by the Issuer from time to time. 
 
(h) "Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or 
statement by the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf of any actual or 
potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control where within 180 days following the date of 
such announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs. 
 
(i) 
"Subsidiary" means a company over which the Issuer exercises Control, whether directly or indirectly. 
 
[(3)][(4)][(5)][(6)] Early Redemption Amount. 
 
For purposes of paragraph (2) of this § 5 and § 9, the early redemption amount of a Note shall be its Final 
Redemption Amount (the "Early Redemption Amount"). 
 
§ 6 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT[S]  
 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent[s] and their respective initial 
specified offices are: 
 
Fiscal Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Paying Agent[s]: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
[insert other Paying Agents and specified offices if Notes are to be issued via OeKB or other Clearing 
System] 
 
The Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent[s] reserve the right at any time to change their respective specified 
offices to some other specified office in the same country. 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent and to appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional or 
other Paying Agents. The Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent [,] [and] (ii) a Paying Agent with 
a specified office outside the European Union [,] [and] [[(iii)] a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal 
Agent) with a specified office in a continental European city] [,] [and] [(iii)][(iv)] a Paying Agent (which may 
be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office within the Republic of Austria [In the case of Notes listed on a 
stock exchange, insert: [,] [and] [(iii)][(iv)][(v)] so long as the Notes are listed on the [name of stock 
exchange], a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in [location of stock 
exchange] and/or in such other place as may be required by the rules of such stock exchange] [In the case of

--- Page 68 ---
68 
payments in U.S. dollars, insert: and [(iii)][(iv)][(v)][(vi)] if payments at or through the offices of all Paying 
Agents outside the United States (as defined in § 4 (3) hereof) become illegal or are effectively precluded 
because of the imposition of exchange controls or similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such 
amounts in United States dollars, a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City]. Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall 
be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with § 12. 
 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent[s] act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
have any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to any Noteholder. 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
(1) Taxation. All amounts payable (whether in respect of principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of the 
Notes will be made free and clear of and without withholding at source or deduction at source for or on 
account of any present or future taxes, fees, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
which are imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of Austria or any political subdivision thereof or 
any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax ("Withholding Tax") (Quellensteuer), unless 
Withholding Tax is to be deducted or withheld by law or other regulations and to be paid to the responsible 
authorities. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary, subject to 
paragraph (2) below, in order that the net amounts receivable by the Noteholder after the withholding or 
deduction of such Withholding Tax shall equal the respective amounts which would have been received by 
such Noteholder had no such Withholding Tax been required. 
 
(2) No Additional Amounts. However, the Issuer shall not be obliged to pay any additional amounts on 
account of any such taxes, fees, duties, assessments or governmental charges: 
 
(a) 
which the Noteholder is subject to for any reason other than the mere fact of being a Noteholder, 
including if the Noteholder is subject to such taxes, fees, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
based on a personal unlimited or limited tax liability; or 
 
[(b) the Noteholder would not be subject to, if he had presented, or claimed his rights to the respective Paying 
Agent pursuant to § 6 arising from his Notes for payment within 30 days from the Relevant Date (as 
defined below); or] 
 
[(b)][(c)] which are deducted or withheld by a Paying Agent in one country from a payment if the payment 
could have been made by another Paying Agent in another country without such withholding or 
deduction; or 
 
[(c)][(d)] which are to be paid on payments of principal and interest, if any, by any means other than 
withholding at source or deduction at source; or 
 
[[(d)][(e)] 
which are only deducted or withheld because the relevant Note is being presented for 
payment at the counter; or] 
 
[(d)][(e)][(f)] 
to which a Noteholder is liable by reason of being a resident of or having some other 
personal or business connection with the Republic of Austria [and not merely by reason of the fact that 
payments according to these Terms and Conditions of the Notes are derived, or for the purpose of 
taxation are deemed to be derived, from sources in the Republic of Austria]; or 
 
[[(e)][(f)][(g)] 
which are imposed or withheld by reason of the failure by the Noteholder or the beneficial 
owner of a Note to comply with any requirement (including the requirement to produce necessary forms 
and/or other documentation) under a statute, treaty, regulation, or administrative practice of the tax 
jurisdiction to establish entitlement to exemption from all or part of such tax, fee, duty, assessment, or 
other governmental charge to the extent such compliance is required as precondition to relief or 
exemption from such tax, fee, duty, assessment or other governmental charge; or]

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
[(e)][(f)][(g)][(h)] which are imposed on a payment to an individual and are required to be made pursuant to 
the EU Savings Directive dated 3 June 2003 concerning the EU-wide exchange of Information and the 
taxation applicable to interest, or pursuant to any law or provision, implementing or complying with the 
requirements of such Directive or the conclusions of the ECOFIN Council meeting reached on 13 
December 2001, or pursuant to any law or provision that is introduced in order to conform to such 
Directive; or 
 
[(f)][(g)][(h)][(i)] any combination of items (a), [(b),] [(b)][(c)], [(c)][(d)], [[(d)][(e)],] [(d)][(e)][(f)], 
[[(e)][(f)][(g)],] and [(e)][(f)][(g)][(h)]; 
 
nor shall any additional amounts be paid with respect to any payment on a Note to a Noteholder who is a 
fiduciary or partnership or who is other than the sole beneficial owner of such payment to the extent such 
payment would be required by the laws of the Republic of Austria to be included in the income, for tax 
purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a 
beneficial owner who would not have been entitled to such additional amounts had such beneficiary, settlor, 
member or beneficial owner been the Noteholder of the Notes. 
 
(3) Relevant Date. As used herein, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes 
due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the relevant Agent on 
or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received 
by the relevant Agent, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with § 12. 
 
§ 8 
DEPOSIT IN COURT, PRESENTATION PERIOD, PRESCRIPTION PERIOD 
 
(1) Deposit in Court. The Issuer may deposit with the lower court (Amtsgericht) of Frankfurt am Main 
principal and interest, if any, not claimed by Noteholders within twelve months after having become due, 
together with a waiver of the right to withdraw such deposit, even if the Noteholders are not in default of 
acceptance; such deposit will be at the risk and cost of such Noteholders. Upon such deposit, with such waiver 
of the right to withdraw, all claims of such Noteholders against the Issuer and against third parties which are 
liable for its obligations shall cease. 
 
(2) Presentation Period. The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 BGB (German 
Civil Code) is reduced to ten years.  
 
(3) Prescription Period. The prescription period for Notes presented for payment during the presentation 
period shall be two years beginning at the end of the relevant presentation period. 
 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
(1) Events of Default. Each Noteholder is entitled to declare due and payable by notice to the Fiscal Agent his 
entire claims arising from the Notes and demand payment of the Early Redemption Amount, together with 
accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, if 
 
(a) 
the Issuer, for any reason whatsoever, fails to pay (i) within seven days after the relevant due date 
principal, or (ii) within 14 days after the relevant due date interest, if any, on the Notes, including 
additional amounts pursuant to § 7 (1), if any; or 
 
(b) the Issuer, for any reason whatsoever, fails to duly perform any other obligation under these Notes and 
such failure is incapable of remedy or continues for more than 30 days after receipt of a written notice 
from a Noteholder by the Fiscal Agent; or 
 
(c)  (i) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined in 
§ 2 (2)) for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised becomes due and payable prior to its stated 
maturity by reason of any actual or potential default, event of default or the like (howsoever described),

--- Page 70 ---
70 
or (ii) any such indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any applicable grace 
period, or (iii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined in § 2 (2)) fails to pay when due 
any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any 
indebtedness for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised provided that the aggregate amount of the 
relevant indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events 
mentioned above in this paragraph (c) have occurred equals or exceeds Euro 100,000,000 or its 
equivalent (on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant currency against the Euro as quoted by 
any leading bank on the day on which this paragraph operates); or 
 
(d) a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or sued out on or against any 
part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined in § 2 
(2)) and is not discharged or stayed within 30 days; or 
 
(e) 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, created or assumed by the 
Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined in § 2 (2)) in an equivalent of EUR 50,000,000 (or 
the equivalent in another currency on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant currency against 
the Euro as quoted by any leading bank on the day on which this paragraph operates) becomes 
enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a 
receiver, manager or other similar person); or 
 
(f) 
bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings (or similar proceedings) are commenced by a court in the relevant 
place of jurisdiction against the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined in § 2 (2)) which 
shall not have been reversed or stayed within 60 days or the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary (as 
defined in § 2 (2)) itself institutes such proceedings; or 
 
(g) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined in § 2 (2)), whereby the undertaking and assets 
of the Material Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Issuer or another of its 
Subsidiaries (as defined in § 2 (2)), is wound up or dissolved or shall take any action for the purpose of 
liquidation unless such liquidation is to take place in connection with a merger, consolidation or any 
other form of combination with another company and such company in the case of the Issuer assumes all 
obligations arising from these Terms and Conditions of the Notes; or 
 
(h) the Issuer stops payment completely or ceases to carry on its business; or 
 
(i) 
it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations 
under any of the Notes; or 
 
(j) 
any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect to any of the 
events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs. 
 
(2) Notice. Such notice for repayment shall be sent to the Fiscal Agent in text form; such notice will become 
effective upon receipt by the Fiscal Agent. Claims fall due 14 days after receipt of such notice unless, in the 
case of paragraph (1)(a) or (1)(b), the obligation has been satisfied or performed prior thereto. 
 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION 
 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer shall be entitled at any time without the consent of the Noteholders to be 
substituted as Issuer by any other company appointed as Issuer under this Programme (the "New Issuer") in 
respect of all obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes, if; 
 
(a) 
the New Issuer assumes all obligations of the Issuer arising from or in connection with the Notes; 
 
(b) the Issuer and the New Issuer have obtained any necessary authorisation from the competent authorities 
to the effect that the New Issuer may transfer to the relevant Paying Agent in the Specified Currency or 
other relevant currency without the withholding at source or deduction at source of any taxes, fees, 
duties, assessments or other governmental charges in the country of its incorporation and, if different

--- Page 71 ---
71 
where it is treated as resident for tax purposes, all amounts required for the performance of the payment 
obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes; 
 
(c) 
the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees such obligations of the New Issuer in the same 
form and with the same content as the Notes have originally been guaranteed by the Issuer. 
 
(2) Change of References. In the event of such substitution, any reference in these Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the New Issuer and any reference to the 
country of incorporation of the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the country of incorporation of 
the New Issuer and, if different, to the country where it is treated as resident for tax purposes. 
 
(3) Notice. Any substitution effected in accordance with subparagraph 1 of this § 10 shall be binding on the 
Noteholders and shall be notified to them in accordance with § 12 not less than 15 Business Days before such 
substitution comes into effect. 
 
§ 11 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer reserves the right from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders to 
issue additional notes so that the same shall be consolidated, form a single issue (Series) of Notes with and 
increase the aggregate principal amount of this Tranche of Notes. The Notes of each Tranche shall have 
identical Terms and Conditions and identical features. The Notes of each Series shall also have identical 
Terms and Conditions and identical features, except (in the case of more than one Tranche) for the Issue Date, 
the Interest Commencement Date and the offer price. References to "Notes" shall be construed as references to 
such Tranche or Series. 
 
(2) Purchases and Cancellation. The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries is entitled to purchase Notes in the 
market or otherwise at any price. Notes purchased or otherwise acquired by the Issuer or any of the 
subsidiaries may be held or resold or, at the discretion of the Issuer, surrendered to the relevant Paying Agent 
for cancellation. 
 
§ 12 
NOTICES 
 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on a Stock Exchange, insert: 
 
(1) Publication.  
 
[If notices may be given by means of a leading daily newspaper, insert: All notices concerning the Notes 
will be published in a leading daily newspaper having general circulation in [Austria] [Germany] 
[Luxembourg] [London] [specify other location]. This newspaper is expected to be the [Amtsblatt zur Wiener 
Zeitung] [Börsen-Zeitung] [Luxemburger Wort] [Tageblatt] [Financial Times] [insert other applicable 
newspaper having general circulation] in the German or English language [If notices may be given 
additionally by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange(s), insert: 
[and will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange under ‘www.bourse.lu‘] [and the] 
[[insert relevant stock exchange] under [insert website of the stock exchange]]. [Any notice so given will 
be deemed to have been validly given on the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the 
date of the first such publication).]] 
 
[If notices may be given exclusively by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant 
stock exchange, insert: All notices concerning the Notes can also be made by means of electronic publication 
on the website of the [insert relevant stock exchange] (www.[insert internet address]). Any notice so given 
will be deemed to have been validly given on the day of such publication (or, if published more than once, on 
the first day of such publication).]]

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
[(2)] Notification to Clearing System. 
 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted, insert: The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to 
the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the Noteholders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which said notice was given 
to the Clearing System.] 
 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, insert: So 
long as any Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) shall 
apply. In the case of notices regarding the Rate of Interest or, if the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
so permit, the Issuer may deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Noteholders in lieu of publication in the newspapers set forth in subparagraph 
(1) above; any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the seventh day after the 
day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on a Stock Exchange other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
insert: The Issuer may, in lieu of publication set forth in subparagraph (1) above, deliver the relevant notice to 
the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing System to the Noteholders, provided that the rules of 
the stock exchange on which Notes are listed permit such form of notice. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given to the Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
 
§ 13 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
 
(1) Applicable Law. The form and content of the Notes and the Global Note(s) and all the rights and duties 
arising therefrom shall be governed exclusively by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany.  
 
(2) Submission to Jurisdiction. For all litigation arising from legal relations established in these Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, the Noteholders are entitled to assert their claims, to the exclusion of all other venues, 
at their discretion either before the competent courts in the relevant country of incorporation of the Issuer or 
before the competent courts in Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany. It is agreed that such courts 
shall apply exclusively the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany.  
 
(3) Enforcement. A Noteholder may in any proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Noteholder and 
the Issuer are parties, in his own name enforce his rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a 
statement issued by the Custodian with whom such Noteholder maintains a securities account in respect of 
Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Noteholder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of 
Notes credited to such securities account on the date of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian 
has given written notice to the Clearing System containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) or (ii) a 
copy of the Note in global form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing 
System or a depositary of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such proceedings of the 
actual records or the global note representing the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means 
any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Noteholder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the 
Clearing System. Each Noteholder may, without prejudice of the foregoing, protect and enforce his rights 
under the Notes also in any other way which is permitted in the country in which the proceedings are initiated. 
 
(4) Annulment. The German courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over the annulment of lost or destroyed 
Global Notes.  
 
§ 14 
PARTIAL INVALIDITY 
 
Should any of the provisions contained in these Terms and Conditions of the Notes be or become invalid or 
unenforceable, the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or

--- Page 73 ---
73 
impaired thereby. In this case, the invalid or unenforceable provision shall be deemed to be replaced by a 
provision which to the extent legally possible provides for an interpretation in keeping with the meaning and 
the economic purpose of these Terms and Conditions of the Notes at the time of the issue of the Notes. Under 
circumstances in which these Terms and Conditions of the Notes prove to be incomplete, a supplementary 
interpretation in accordance with the meaning and the purpose of these Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
under due consideration of the legitimate interests of the parties involved shall be applied. 
 
§ 15 
LANGUAGE 
 
[If the Terms and Conditions are written in the German language together with an non-binding 
translation into the English language, insert: These Terms and Conditions of the Notes are written in the 
German language. An English language translation shall be provided. The German text shall be prevailing and 
binding. The English language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
[If the Terms and Conditions are written in the English language, insert: These Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes are written in the English language. [If a non-binding translation into the German language 
shall be provided, insert: A German language translation shall be provided. The English text shall be 
prevailing and binding. The German language translation is provided for convenience only.]]

--- Page 74 ---
74 
OPTION II: 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF 
FLOATING RATE NOTES  
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, TITLE 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
(1) Currency, Denomination. This tranche [insert tranche number] of Notes (the "Notes") which itself or, 
together with one or more other tranches, shall comprise a "Series" of OMV Aktiengesellschaft is being 
issued in [insert specified currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the aggregate principal amount [In the 
case the Global Note is an NGN, insert: (subject to § 1(6))] of [insert aggregate principal amount] (in 
words: [insert aggregate principal amount in words]) in a denomination of [insert Specified 
Denomination] (the "Specified Denomination"). 
 
[If the Tranche becomes part of an existing Series, insert: This Tranche [insert number of tranche] shall 
be consolidated and form a single Series [insert number of series] with the Series [number of series], 
ISIN [●] / WKN [●], Tranche 1 issued on [insert Issue Date of Tranche 1] [For each further Tranche, 
insert: and Tranche [insert number of tranche] issued on [insert Issue Date of this Tranche] of this 
Series]. The aggregate principal amount of Series [insert number of series] is [insert aggregate principal 
amount of the consolidated Series [insert number of series].]  
 
(2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
 
(3) Temporary Global Note - Exchange 
 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary Global Note") without 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for Notes in Specified Denominations 
represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The 
Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") shall each be signed 
manually or in facsimile by two authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated by or 
on behalf of the Fiscal Agent (as determined in § 6). Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued. 
 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global Note on a date not earlier than 
40 days after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall only be made upon 
delivery of certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person (other than certain financial institutions or certain persons 
holding Notes through such financial institutions). Payment of interest on Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note will be made only after delivery of such certifications. A separate certification 
shall be required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any such certification received on or after 
the 40th day after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to exchange 
such Temporary Global Note pursuant to subparagraph (b) of this § 1 (3). Any securities delivered in 
exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only outside of the United States (as defined 
in § 4 (3)). 
 
(4) Clearing System. [The] [Each] Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of a Clearing System 
until all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. "Clearing System" means [If more 
than one Clearing System, insert: each of] the following: [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg ("CBL")] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear")] [CBL 
and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together the "ICSDs"] [OeKB CSD GmbH ("OeKB")] [,] [and] [specify 
other Clearing System] or any successor in respect of the functions performed by [If more than one 
Clearing System, insert: each of the Clearing Systems] [If one Clearing System, insert: the Clearing 
System].

--- Page 75 ---
75 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs, insert: 
 
[In the case the Global Note is an NGN, insert: 
 
The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a common safekeeper on 
behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
[In the case the Global Note is a CGN, insert: 
 
The Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a common depositary 
on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
(5) Noteholders. "Noteholder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial interest 
or right in the Notes. 
 
[In the case of the Global Note is an NGN, insert: 
 
(6) Records of the ICSDs. The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note shall be 
the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs 
(which expression means the records that each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such 
customer's interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant ICSD at that time. 
 
On any redemption or payment of an instalment or interest being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer shall procure that details of such 
redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global Note shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be reduced 
by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and cancelled or by the aggregate 
amount of such instalment so paid.] 
 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is an NGN, insert: On an exchange of a portion only of the Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note, the issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs.]] 
 
[(6)][(7)] Title. 
 
(a) 
A Noteholder will (except as otherwise required by applicable laws or regulatory requirements) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or any interest thereof or therein, any writing thereon, or any theft or loss thereof) and 
no person shall be liable for so treating such Noteholder. 
 
(b) The transfer of title to Notes is effected by agreement on the transfer among the relevant parties and by 
delivery or otherwise in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations including the rules of any 
relevant Clearing System. References herein to "Noteholders" of Notes are to the bearers of such Notes. 
 
[(7)][(8)] Business Day. In these Terms and Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which both (i) the Clearing System, and (ii) [If the Specified Currency is 
Euro insert: [TARGET (as defined below)] [and commercial banks and foreign exchange markets in [insert 
all relevant financial centres]] [If the Specified Currency is not Euro insert: commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets in [insert all relevant financial centres]] settle payments. 
 
[If TARGET is applicable, insert: "TARGET" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer payment system 2 or any successor system thereto.]

--- Page 76 ---
76 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
 
(1) Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present 
and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of 
law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
 
(2) Negative Pledge. So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall 
procure that its Material Subsidiaries shall not create, or have outstanding, any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge 
or other security interest, upon the whole or any part of its present or future assets to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness, or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness without at the same time, 
or prior thereto, securing such Notes equally and rateably therewith. 
 
"Material Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary (as defined below): 
 
(a) 
whose net income for the year (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary preparing consolidated 
financial statements and non-consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary preparing non-consolidated 
financial statements) or whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary preparing 
consolidated financial statements and non-consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary preparing non-
consolidated financial statements) represent not less than 10% of the consolidated net income for the 
year, or, as the case may be, the consolidated total assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a 
whole, all as calculated respectively by reference to the latest financial statements (consolidated or, 
as the case may be, unconsolidated) of the Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer; provided that in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of 
the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
relate for the purposes of applying each of the foregoing tests, the reference to the Issuer′s latest 
audited consolidated financial statements shall be deemed to be a reference to such financial 
statements as if such Subsidiary had been shown in such financial statements by reference to its then 
latest relevant financial statements, adjusted as deemed appropriate by the auditors for the time being 
of the Issuer after consultation with the Issuer; or 
 
(b) 
to which is transferred all or substantially all of the business, undertaking and assets of another 
Subsidiary which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary, whereupon (i) in the 
case of a transfer by a Material Subsidiary, the transferor Material Subsidiary shall immediately 
cease to be a Material Subsidiary and (ii) the transferee Subsidiary shall immediately become a 
Material Subsidiary, provided that on or after the date on which the relevant financial statements for 
the financial period current at the date of such transfer are published, whether such transferor 
Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary is or is not a Material Subsidiary shall be determined 
pursuant to the provisions of sub-paragraph (a) above. 
 
A report by two duly authorised persons of the Issuer that in their opinion (making such adjustments (if any) 
as they shall deem appropriate) a Subsidiary is or is not or was or was not at any particular time or during any 
particular period a Material Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on 
the Issuer and the Noteholders. 
 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any indebtedness which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, 
bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities which for the time being are, or are intended to be or 
capable of being, quoted, listed or dealt in or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-counter or other 
securities market. 
 
"Subsidiary" means any entity whose financial statements at any time are required by law or in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles to be fully consolidated with those of the Issuer. 
 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes, all the Notes issued except (a) those which have been 
redeemed in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for 
redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date

--- Page 77 ---
77 
for such redemption and any interest payable under these Terms and Conditions after such date) have been 
duly paid to the Fiscal Agent and remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of Notes, 
(c) those in respect of which claims have become void, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as 
provided in these Terms and Conditions, (e) those mutilated or defaced Notes which have been surrendered in 
exchange for replacement Notes, (f) (for the purpose only of determining how many Notes are outstanding 
and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or 
destroyed and in respect of which replacement Notes have been issued, and (g) the Temporary Global Note to 
the extent that it shall have been exchanged for the Permanent Global Note pursuant to its provisions. 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
(1) Interest Payment Dates.  
 
(a) 
The Notes bear interest on their principal amount from [insert Interest Commencement Date] 
(inclusive) (the "Interest Commencement Date") to the first Interest Payment Date (exclusive) and 
thereafter from each Interest Payment Date (inclusive) to the next following Interest Payment Date 
(exclusive). Interest on the Notes shall be payable on each Interest Payment Date. 
 
(b) "Interest Payment Date" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with § 4 (5), 
 
[In the case of Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Notes, insert: 
 
for the period, during which the Notes bear interest on a fixed rate basis (the "Fixed Interest Term") [the] 
[each] [insert specified Interest Payment Date(s)] [of each calendar year] 
 
and for the period, during which the Notes bear interest on a variable basis (the "Floating Interest Term"): 
 
[In the case of specified Interest Payment Dates, insert: [the] [each] [insert specified Interest Payment 
Date(s)] [of each calendar year] [and the Maturity Date] beginning with [insert first Interest Payment Date 
falling into the Floating Interest Term].] 
 
[In the case of specified Interest Periods, insert: each date which falls [insert number] [weeks] [months] 
[insert other specified periods] after the preceding Interest Payment Date beginning with [insert first 
Interest Payment Date falling into the Floating Interest Term].]  
 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA) insert: The number of interest determination dates per calendar year (each a 
"Determination Date" is [insert number of regular interest payment dates per calendar year].] 
 
[In the case of Notes other than Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Notes, insert: 
 
[In the case of Specified Interest Payment Dates, insert: each [insert Specified Interest Payment Dates] 
[of each calendar year] [and the Maturity Date].] 
 
[In the case of Specified Interest Periods, insert: each date which (except as otherwise provided in these 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes) falls [insert number] [weeks] [months] [insert other specified periods] 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.] 
 
(2) Rate of Interest.  
 
[In the case of Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Notes, insert: 
 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") during the Fixed Interest Term, for each Interest Period (as 
defined below) falling into the Fixed Interest Term, will be [insert fixed interest rate of interest]% per 
annum

--- Page 78 ---
78 
[In the case of a first short/long coupon, insert:, whereas the interest amount for the first Interest Period will 
be [insert initial broken amount] per Specified Denomination]. 
 
The Rate of Interest during the Floating Interest Term, for each Interest Period falling into the Floating Interest 
Term, will be, except as provided below, the Reference Interest Rate (as defined below) [In the case of 
Factor, insert:, multiplied by [insert factor]] [In the case of Margin, insert:, [plus] [minus] the Margin (as 
defined below)].] 
 
[In the case of Notes other than Fixed- to-Floating Interest Rate Notes, insert:  
 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each Interest Period (as defined below) will, except as 
provided below, be the Reference Interest Rate (as defined below) [In the case of Factor, insert:, multiplied 
by [insert factor]] [In the case of Margin, insert:, [plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined below)].] 
 
[In the case of Margin, insert: "Margin" means [insert relevant number]% per annum.] 
 
"Reference Interest Rate" means either 
 
(a) 
the [insert relevant term]-EURIBOR offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
deposits in the Specified Currency (if there is only one quotation on the Screen Page (as defined below)); 
or 
 
(b) the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for that Interest Period which appears or appear, as the case may be, 
on the Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. ([Brussels] [London] time) on the Interest Determination Date (as 
defined below), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and from (and including) each Interest Payment Date to (but 
excluding) the following Interest Payment Date. 
 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [second] [insert other applicable number of days] [TARGET] 
[London] [insert other relevant reference] Business Day prior to the commencement of the relevant Interest 
Period. [In case of a TARGET Business Day, insert: "TARGET Business Day" means a day on which 
TARGET [(as defined below)] is operating.] [In case of a non-TARGET Business Day, insert: "[London] 
[insert other relevant location] Business Day" means a day which is a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency) in [London] [insert other relevant location].] 
 
[If TARGET applies and if not already defined in § 1 [(7)][(8)] above, insert: "TARGET": "TARGET" 
means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system 2 or any 
successor system thereto.] 
 
"Screen Page" means [insert relevant Screen Page]. 
 
If, in the case of (b) above, five or more such offered quotations are available on the Screen Page, the highest 
(or, if there is more than one such highest rate, only one of such rates) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest rate, only one of such rates) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations and this rule shall 
apply throughout this subparagraph (2). 
 
If the Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (a) above, no such quotation appears or, in the case of 
(b) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at such time, the Reference Interest 
Rate shall be the offered quotation or the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations on the Screen Page, as 
described above, on the last day preceding the Interest Determination Date on which such quotations were 
offered.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
If the Issuer determines, in consultation with the Calculation Agent, prior to or on any Interest Determination 
Date that (i) it becomes unlawful for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use the Reference Rate, (ii) the 
administrator of the Reference Rate has publicly announced a date as of which the calculation and publication 
of the Reference Rate will be ceased permanently or for an indefinite period of time, (iii) the administrator of 
the Reference Rate has publicly announced a date as of which the administrator becomes insolvent or is 
insolvent or insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar proceedings (affecting the administrator) are 
commenced by the administrator or its supervisory or regulatory authority or a respective motion has been 
filed, or (iv) the Reference Rate is otherwise being discontinued or otherwise ceases to be provided (each of (i) 
to (iv) a "Discontinuation Event"), the Reference Rate shall be replaced by an interest rate (the "Successor 
Reference Rate"), which is determined in accordance with the sequence I to III on the respective Interest 
Determination Date as follows: 
 
I) 
The Reference Rate is replaced with the Successor Reference Rate which is announced by the 
administrator of Reference Rate, the competent central bank or the regulatory or supervisory 
authority as successor of the Reference Rate for the term of the Reference Rate and which may be 
used in accordance with applicable law. 
 
II) 
If there is no announcement pursuant to I), the Independent Expert (as defined below) will in its 
reasonable discretion (§ 317 German Civil Code (BGB)) determine the Reference Rate that is most 
comparable to the Reference Rate, whereby the Independent Expert must determine such reference rate 
as Successor Reference Rate that is an industry accepted reference rate which is most comparable to 
the Reference Rate, and determine a screen page which shall be used in connection with the Successor 
Reference Rate which is also acceptable for the Calculation Agent (the "Successor Screen Page"). 
 
In addition, the Independent Expert will determine and the Calculation Agent shall apply accordingly, 
if required and at the Independent Expert’s discretion (pursuant to § 317 German Civil Code (BGB)), 
an Adjustment Spread (as defined below), which reduces or eliminates any economic prejudice or 
benefit to Noteholders that may arise a result of the replacement for the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Reference Rate. In this context, "Adjustment Spread" means a spread which: 
 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Reference Rate by the Independent 
Expert; or 
 
(b) 
(if no such recommendation has been made) is determined by the Independent Expert as 
recognised and acknowledged industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Reference Rate where such rate has been replace by the Successor 
Reference Rate; or 
 
(c) 
the Independent Expert considers to be appropriate (if the Independent Expert determines that 
no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) 
 
Any reference to the Screen Page herein shall, from the date of the determination of a Successor Reference 
Rate, be read as a reference to the Successor Screen Page and the provisions of this paragraph shall apply 
mutatis mutandis. The Independent Expert will notify the Issuer and the Calculation Agent at least 10 days 
prior to the Determination Date about such determinations. The Issuer shall thereafter inform the Holders in 
accordance with § 13. 
 
III) 
If the Independent Expert has not determined a Successor Reference Rate within a period of [30] [●] 
days after its appointment, it shall notify this fact to the Issuer without delay. Upon receipt of such 
notice or in the case that the Issuer, despite its best efforts, is not able to appoint an independent expert 
within a period of [30] [●] days after the Discontinuation Event became known, the Issuer is entitled to 
early terminate the Notes. Such termination shall be notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent and 
to the Holders in accordance with § 13. Such notification shall specify: 
 
(a) 
the Series of Notes subject to redemption; and

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
(b) 
the date determined for redemption which shall not be less than [number of days/TARGET 
Business Days] [days] [TARGET Business Days] after the date on which the Issuer gave notice 
to the Holders and, in the event of a Discontinuation Event pursuant to (ii) above, shall not fall 
on a date which is earlier than the date on which the Reference Rate officially ceases to exist. 
 
If the Issuer elects to terminate or not to redeem the Notes early, or if the Issuer or the Independent Expert fail 
or are unable to notify the Calculation Agent about a Successor Reference Rate by the day falling 10 days 
prior to the interest determination date the Rate of Interest for the Relevant Period (as defined below) shall be 
Reference Rate or the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates on the Screen Page, as described above, on the 
last day before the Determination Date, on which [Reference Rate[s]] appeared [in case of a Margin insert: 
[plus] [minus] the Margin (whereby, however, if a different Margin than the Margin for the immediately 
preceding Interest Period applies for the relevant Interest Period, the relevant Margin shall replace the Margin 
for the immediately preceding Interest Period)]. [In case of a Margin, which shall be paid in addition to the 
(relevant) Reference Rate, insert: If the Reference Rate has a negative value, it shall be offset against the 
Margin such that the offered quotation reduces the Margin.] The Rate of Interest shall always at least be 0 
(zero). 
 
In this sub-section, "Relevant Period" means: 
 
(i) 
in case of a termination, the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding the date of termination until (and excluding) the date of redemption; or; 
 
(ii) 
if the Issuer does not make use of its right to termination, the period from (and including) the last 
Interest Payment Date to (and excluding) the following Interest Payment Date. 
 
"Independent Expert" means an independent financial institution of international standing or an independent 
financial advisor in each case with relevant expertise appointed by the Issuer under commercially reasonable 
and acceptable conditions. The Calculation Agent may be appointed as Independent Expert if the Calculation 
Agent agrees to act as Independent Expert. 
 
[If Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest applies, insert: 
 
(3) [Minimum] [and] [Maximum] Rate of Interest. 
 
[If Minimum Rate of Interest applies insert: If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the above provisions is less than [insert Minimum Rate of Interest], the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert Minimum Rate of Interest].] 
 
[If Maximum Rate of Interest applies insert: If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the above provisions is greater than [insert Maximum Rate of Interest], the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be [insert Maximum Rate of Interest].] 
 
[(3)][(4)] Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each date at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on 
the Notes in respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount 
shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as defined below) to each 
Specified Denomination and rounding the resulting figure [if the Specified Currency is Euro insert: to the 
nearest Euro 0.01, Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards.] [if the Specified Currency is not Euro insert: to the 
nearest minimum unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being rounded upwards]. 
 
[(4)][(5)] Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of 
Interest, each Interest Amount for each Interest Period, each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment 
Date to be notified to the Issuer and to the Noteholders in accordance with § 12 as soon as possible after their 
determination, but in no event later than the fourth [if Calculation Agent is required to maintain a Specific 
Office in a Required Location insert: Business Day which is a Business Day at the place of the Specified 
Office of the Calculation Agent] [if Calculation Agent is not required to maintain a Specific Office in a

--- Page 81 ---
81 
Required Location insert: [TARGET-] [London] Business Day] thereafter and, if required by the rules of 
any stock exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, to such stock exchange, as soon as 
possible after their determination, but in no event later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to any stock exchange on which the 
Notes are then listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with § 12. 
 
[(5)][(6)] Determinations Binding. All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by 
the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
 
[(6)][(7)] Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall cease to bear interest from the day preceding their due date for 
redemption. If the Issuer shall fail to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall continue to accrue on the 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes beyond the due date until the day preceding the day of actual 
redemption of the Notes. The applicable Rate of Interest will be determined in accordance with this § 3. This 
does not affect any additional rights that might be available to the Noteholders.] 
 
[(7)][(8)] Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
interest on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
 
[In the case of Actual/Actual (ICMA), insert: 
 
1. 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) the most 
recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
relevant payment date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period (as 
defined below) during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in § 3 (1)) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
 
2. 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
 
- 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which the Accrual 
Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in § 3 (1)) that would occur in one calendar 
year; and 
 
- 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period divided by the 
product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in § 3 (1)) that would occur in one calendar year. 
 
"Determination Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the next or first Interest Payment Date.] 
 
[In the case of ACT/ACT (ISDA) or Actual/365, insert: the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any calculation portion of that period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period not falling in a leap year divided by 365).] 
 
[In the case of Actual/ 365 (Fixed), insert: the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
365.] 
 
[In the case of Actual/360, insert: the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis, insert: the number of days in the Calculation Period divided

--- Page 82 ---
82 
by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless 
(A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period 
is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall 
not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last 
day of the month of February in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to 
a 30-day month).] 
 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis, insert: the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without 
regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
(1) (a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect of Notes shall be made, subject to paragraph (2) 
below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant accountholders of the 
Clearing System upon presentation and (except in the case of partial payment) surrender of the Global Note 
representing the Notes at the time of payment at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent outside the United 
States. 
 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on Notes shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to the relevant accountholders of the Clearing System. 
 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject to 
paragraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the relevant accountholders of the Clearing 
System, upon due certification as provided in § 1 (3) (b). 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of amounts due 
in respect of the Notes shall be made in the freely negotiable and convertible currency which on the respective 
due date is the currency of the country of the Specified Currency. 
 
(3) United States. For purposes of § 1 (3) and paragraph (1) of this § 4, "United States" means the United 
States of America (including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its territories (including 
Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands) 
and possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction. 
 
(4) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
 
(5) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment 
Business Day then: 
 
[In the case of Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert: the Noteholder shall not be entitled 
to payment until the next day which is a Payment Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event the payment date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
 
[In the case of FRN Convention, insert: the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next 
Payment Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) the 
payment date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment 
Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls [[insert number] [months] [insert other 
specified periods] after the preceding applicable payment date.] 
 
[In the case of Following Business Day Convention, insert: the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment 
until the next day which is a Payment Business Day.]

--- Page 83 ---
83 
[In the case of Preceding Business Day Convention, insert: the Noteholder shall be entitled to payment on 
the immediately preceding Payment Business Day.] 
 
[In the case "Unadjusted" is applicable, insert: If the payment of any amount shall be unadjusted as 
described above, the relevant amount payable and the relevant Interest Payment Date shall not be adjusted 
respectively.]  
 
[In the case "Adjusted" is applicable, insert: If the payment of any amount shall be adjusted as described 
above, the relevant amount payable and the relevant Interest Payment Date shall be adjusted respectively.] 
 
The Noteholder shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means a day which is a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which both (i) the Clearing System, and (ii) [If the Specified Currency is not Euro, insert: commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets in [insert all relevant financial centres]] [If the Specified Currency is 
Euro insert: [TARGET] [and commercial banks and foreign exchange markets in [insert all relevant 
financial centres]]] settle payments. 
 
(6) References to Principal and Interest. References in these Terms and Conditions of the Notes to principal in 
respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; the 
Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; [If redeemable at the option of the Issuer for reasons other than 
Reasons for Taxation insert: the Call Redemption Amount of the Notes;] [If redeemable at the option of 
the Noteholder, insert: the Put Redemption Amount of the Notes;] and any premium and any other amounts 
which may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. References in these Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts 
which may be payable under § 7. 
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [In the case of a specified Maturity Date, 
insert: [insert Maturity Date] [In the case of a Redemption Month and Year, insert: the Interest Payment 
Date falling in [insert Redemption Month and Year]] (the "Maturity Date"). The Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of each Note shall be its Specified Denomination. 
 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Republic of Austria or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein 
affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official 
interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or change is effective on or after 
the date on which the last tranche of this Series of Notes was issued, the Issuer is required to pay Additional 
Amounts pursuant to § 7 (1) on the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (as defined in § 3 (1)), the Notes 
may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon not less than 30 days' prior notice 
of redemption given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § 12, to the Noteholders, at their Early 
Redemption Amount (as defined below) together with interest, if any, accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § 12. It shall be irrevocable, must specify the date fixed for 
redemption and must set forth a statement in summary form of the facts constituting the basis for the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem. 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer, insert: 
 
(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
 
(a) 
The Issuer may, not less than 15 Business Days before the giving of a notice to the Paying Agent and 
upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), redeem [all] [or] [some] of the Notes on the Call

--- Page 84 ---
84 
Redemption Date[s] at the Call Redemption Amount[s] set forth below together with accrued interest, if 
any, to (but excluding) the relevant Call Redemption Date. [If Minimum Redemption Amount or 
Higher Redemption Amount applies, insert: Any such redemption must be of a principal amount 
equal to [at least [insert [Minimum Redemption Amount]] [insert Higher Redemption Amount].] 
 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
[insert Call Redemption Date(s)] 
[insert Call Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Noteholder, insert: The Issuer may not 
exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Noteholder thereof 
of its option to require the redemption of such Note under subparagraph [(3)][(4)] of this § 5.] 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with § 12. Such 
notice shall specify: 
 
(i) 
the Tranche or Series, as the case may be, of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
(ii) whether such Tranche or Series, as the case may be, is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, 
if in part only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not less than [insert Minimum Notice to Noteholders] 
nor more than [insert Maximum Notice to Noteholders] days after the date on which notice is 
given by the Issuer to the Noteholders; and 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with 
the rules of the relevant Clearing System [In the case of an issue of Notes in NGN form, insert: and 
such redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and/or Euroclear as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at the discretion of CBL and Euroclear]. 
 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of a Noteholder, insert: 
 
[(3)][(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Noteholder. 
 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, at the option of a Noteholder, redeem such Note on the Put Redemption Date[s] at the 
Put Redemption Amount[s] set forth below together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the 
Put Redemption Date. 
 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
[insert Put Redemption Date(s)] 
[insert Put Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
The Noteholder may not exercise the option for Early Redemption in respect of any Note which is the subject 
of the prior exercise by the Issuer of its option to redeem such Note under this § 5. 
 
(b) In order to exercise the option for Early Redemption, the Noteholder must, not less than [insert 
Minimum Notice to Issuer which shall not be less than 10] nor more than [insert Maximum Notice 
to Issuer] days before the Put Redemption Date on which such redemption is required to be made as 
specified in the Put Notice (as defined below), submit during normal business hours at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent a duly completed early redemption notice ("Put Notice") in the form available 
from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. No option so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. If 
these Notes are held through Euroclear or CBL, to exercise the right to require redemption of these 
Notes the Noteholder must, within the notice period, give notice to the Fiscal Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and CBL (which may include notice being given

--- Page 85 ---
85 
on his instruction by Euroclear or CBL or any common depositary for them to the Fiscal Agent by 
electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and CBL from time to time.] 
 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption as a result of a Change of Control Event, insert: 
 
[(3)][(4)][(5)] Early Redemption for Reasons of a Change of Control Event. 
 
(a) 
In the event that a Change of Control Event (as defined below) occurs: 
 
(i) any Noteholder may, by submitting a redemption notice (the "Early Redemption Notice"), demand 
from the Issuer redemption as of the Effective Date (as defined under subparagraph (a)(ii)(B) below) 
of any or all of its Notes which are or were not otherwise declared due for early redemption, at their 
Specified Denomination plus interest accrued until (but excluding) the Effective Date. Each Early 
Redemption Notice must be received by the Fiscal Agent no less than 30 days prior to the Effective 
Date; and 
 
(ii) the Issuer will (A) immediately after becoming aware of the Change of Control Event, publish this 
fact by way of a notice pursuant to § 12, and (B) determine and publish pursuant to § 12 the effective 
date for the purposes of Early Redemption Notice (the "Effective Date"). The Effective Date must be 
a Business Day not less than 60 and not more than 90 days after publication of the notice regarding 
the Change of Control Event pursuant to subparagraph (a)(ii)(A). 
 
(b) Any Early Redemption Notice shall be made in writing in German or English and shall be delivered in 
text form to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office. The Early Redemption Notice must be accompanied 
by evidence showing that the relevant Noteholder is the holder of the relevant Note at the time the Early 
Redemption Notice is delivered. Such evidence may be provided in the form of a certificate issued by 
the Custodian (as defined in § 13 (4)) or in any other suitable manner. Early Redemption Notices shall be 
irrevocable. 
 
(c) A "Change of Control Event" occurs if: 
 
(i) 
(1) the Issuer receives information from the relevant shareholder (A) on the obtaining of a 
controlling holding in it pursuant to § 22b of the Austrian Takeover Act (Übernahmegesetz) 
and/or (B) on the obtaining of a controlling holding in it pursuant to § 22(1) of the Austrian 
Takeover Act (Übernahmegesetz) or (2) an Austrian court or an Austrian administrative authority 
takes a final and binding decision on the obtaining of a controlling holding in the Issuer pursuant 
to § 22(1) or § 22b of the Austrian Takeover Act (Übernahmegesetz) or (3) a voluntary tender 
offer for the obtaining of control pursuant to § 25a of the Austrian Take Over Act 
(Übernahmegesetz) has been completed successfully or (4) if the Issuer sells or transfers all or 
substantially all of its asset to any Person or Persons, other than to one or more wholly-owned 
Subsidiaries of the Issuer (each such event being a "Change of Control"; changes in the 
syndicate of the core shareholders (e.g. changes in the shareholding, accession of third persons) 
shall not constitute Change of Control, as long as the core shareholders Österreichische 
Beteiligungs AG or its successors or any other entity directly or indirectly controlled by the 
Republic of Austria and Mubadala Petroleum and Petrochemicals Holding Company L.L.C. or 
Mubadala Investment Company PJSC or any of their respective successors or any other entity 
directly or indirectly controlled by the government of Abu Dhabi, jointly or severally, hold more 
than 30% of the share capital of the Issuer); and 
 
(ii) 
on the date (the "Relevant Announcement Date") that is the earlier of (1) the date of the first 
public announcement of the relevant Change of Control and (2) the date of the earliest Relevant 
Potential Change of Control Announcement (as defined below) (if any), the Notes: 
 
(A) carry an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-, or equivalent, or better) from any 
Rating Agency (as defined below), and such rating is, within the Change of Control Period, 
either downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or

--- Page 86 ---
86 
worse) (a "Non-Investment Grade Rating") or withdrawn and is not within the Change of 
Control Period reinstated to an investment grade credit rating by such Rating Agency; or 
 
(B) carry a Non-Investment Grade Rating from any Rating Agency and such rating is, within 
the Change of Control Period, either downgraded by one or more rating categories (by way 
of example, Ba1 to Ba2 being one rating category) or withdrawn and is not within the 
Change of Control Period reinstated to at least the same credit rating applied to the Notes 
immediately prior to such downgrading by such Rating Agency; or 
 
(C) carry no rating from any Rating Agency and the Issuer is unable to obtain such a rating of at 
least investment grade by the end of the Change of Control Period; and 
 
(iii) 
in making any decision to downgrade or withdraw a credit rating pursuant to paragraphs (ii)(A) 
and (ii)(B) above, the relevant Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms in writing that 
such decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, from the occurrence of the Change of Control or the 
Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement. 
 
(iv) 
If the rating designations employed by any of Moody's, Standard & Poor's or Fitch are changed 
from those which are described in subparagraph (ii) above, or if a rating is procured from a 
Substitute Rating Agency, the Issuer shall determine the rating designations of Moody's, Standard 
& Poor's or Fitch or such Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are most equivalent to the 
prior rating designations of Moody's, Standard & Poor's or Fitch. 
 
(d) "Change of Control Period" means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement Date and 
ending 90 days after the Change of Control (or such longer period for which the Notes are under 
consideration (such consideration having been announced publicly within the period ending 90 days after 
the Change of Control) for rating review or, as the case may be, rating by a Rating Agency, such period 
not to exceed 60 days after the public announcement of such consideration). 
 
(e) 
"Control" means the right to give directions to the management of a Subsidiary and to take decisions on 
matters of principle (including, but not limited to, the right to appoint the executive management board 
(or an equivalent body) and/or the supervisory board, if applicable) of such Subsidiary, whether by way 
of voting rights, rights arising out of the respective articles of association and/or shareholders' 
agreement(s), contract or general law or for any other reason. 
 
(f) 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, undertaking, 
association, organisation, trust, state or agency of a state, in each case whether or not being a separate 
entity. 
 
(g) "Rating Agency" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody's"), Standard & Poor′s Rating 
Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. ("Standard & Poor′s") or Fitch Ratings Ltd. 
("Fitch") or any of their respective successors or any other rating agency of comparable international 
standing (a "Substitute Rating Agency") substituted for any of them by the Issuer from time to time. 
 
(h) "Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or 
statement by the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf of any actual or 
potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control where within 180 days following the date of 
such announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs. 
 
(i) 
"Subsidiary" means a company over which the Issuer exercises Control, whether directly or indirectly. 
 
[(3)][(4)][(5)][(6)] Early Redemption Amount. 
 
For purposes of paragraph (2) of this § 5 and § 9, the early redemption amount of a Note shall be its Final 
Redemption Amount (the "Early Redemption Amount").

--- Page 87 ---
87 
§ 6 
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT[S]  
AND CALCULATION AGENT 
 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent[s] and the Calculation Agent and 
their respective initial specified offices are: 
 
Fiscal Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Paying Agent[s]: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
[insert other Paying Agents and specified offices if Notes are to be issued via OeKB or other Clearing 
System] 
 
Calculation Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent[s] and the Calculation Agent reserve the right at any time to change their 
respective specified offices to some other specified office in the same country. 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint another Fiscal 
Agent or additional or other Paying Agents or another Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall at all times 
maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Paying Agent with a specified office outside the European Union [,] [and] 
[[(iii)] a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in a continental European city] 
[,] [and] [(iii)][(iv)] a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office within the 
Republic of Austria [In the case of Notes listed on a stock exchange, insert: [,] [and] [(iii)][(iv)][(v)] so long 
as the Notes are listed on the [name of stock exchange], a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) 
with a specified office in [location of stock exchange] and/or in such other place as may be required by the 
rules of such stock exchange] [In the case of payments in U.S. dollars, insert: [,] [and] [(iii)][(iv)][(v)][(vi)] 
if payments at or through the offices of all Paying Agents outside the United States (as defined in § 4 (3) 
hereof) become illegal or are effectively precluded because of the imposition of exchange controls or similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such amounts in United States dollars, a Paying Agent with a 
specified office in New York City] and [(iii)][(iv)][(v)][(vi)][(vii)] a Calculation Agent [If Calculation Agent 
is required to maintain a specified office in a required location, insert: with a specified office located in 
[insert required location]]. Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other 
than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 
45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with § 12. 
 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent[s] and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents 
of the Issuer and do not have any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to any Noteholder.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
(1) Taxation. All amounts payable (whether in respect of principal, interest or otherwise) in respect of the 
Notes will be made free and clear of and without withholding at source or deduction at source for or on 
account of any present or future taxes, fees, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
which are imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of Austria or any political subdivision thereof or 
any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax ("Withholding Tax") (Quellensteuer), unless 
Withholding Tax is to be deducted or withheld by law or other regulations and to be paid to the responsible 
authorities. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary, subject to 
paragraph (2) below, in order that the net amounts receivable by the Noteholder after the withholding or 
deduction of such Withholding Tax shall equal the respective amounts which would have been received by 
such Noteholder had no such Withholding Tax been required. 
 
(2) No Additional Amounts. However, the Issuer shall not be obliged to pay any additional amounts on 
account of any such taxes, fees, duties, assessments or governmental charges: 
 
(a) 
which the Noteholder is subject to for any reason other than the mere fact of being a Noteholder, 
including if the Noteholder is subject to such taxes, fees, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
based on a personal unlimited or limited tax liability; or 
 
[(b) the Noteholder would not be subject to, if he had presented, or claimed his rights to the respective Paying 
Agent pursuant to § 6 arising from his Notes for payment within 30 days from the Relevant Date (as 
defined below); or] 
 
[(b)][(c)] which are deducted or withheld by a Paying Agent in one country from a payment if the payment 
could have been made by another Paying Agent in another country without such withholding or 
deduction; or 
 
[(c)][(d)] which are to be paid on payments of principal and interest, if any, by any means other than 
withholding at source or deduction at source; or 
 
[[(d)][(e)] 
which are only deducted or withheld because the relevant Note is being presented for 
payment at the counter; or] 
 
[(d)][(e)][(f)] 
to which a Noteholder is liable by reason of being a resident of or having some other 
personal or business connection with the Republic of Austria [and not merely by reason of the fact that 
payments according to these Terms and Conditions of the Notes are derived, or for the purpose of 
taxation are deemed to be derived, from sources in the Republic of Austria]; or 
 
[[(e)][(f)][(g)] 
which are imposed or withheld by reason of the failure by the Noteholder or the beneficial 
owner of a Note to comply with any requirement (including the requirement to produce necessary forms 
and/or other documentation) under a statute, treaty, regulation, or administrative practice of the tax 
jurisdiction to establish entitlement to exemption from all or part of such tax, fee, duty, assessment, or 
other governmental charge to the extent such compliance is required as precondition to relief or 
exemption from such tax, fee, duty, assessment or other governmental charge; or] 
 
[(e)][(f)][(g)][(h)] which are imposed on a payment to an individual and are required to be made pursuant to 
the EU Savings Directive dated 3 June 2003 concerning the EU-wide exchange of Information and the 
taxation applicable to interest, or pursuant to any law or provision, implementing or complying with the 
requirements of such Directive or the conclusions of the ECOFIN Council meeting reached on 13 
December 2001, or pursuant to any law or provision that is introduced in order to conform to such 
Directive; or 
 
[(f)][(g)][(h)][(i)] any combination of items (a), [(b),] [(b)][(c)], [(c)][(d)], [[(d)][(e)],] [(d)][(e)][(f)], 
[[(e)][(f)][(g)],] and [(e)][(f)][(g)][(h)];

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
nor shall any additional amounts be paid with respect to any payment on a Note to a Noteholder who is a 
fiduciary or partnership or who is other than the sole beneficial owner of such payment to the extent such 
payment would be required by the laws of the Republic of Austria to be included in the income, for tax 
purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a 
beneficial owner who would not have been entitled to such additional amounts had such beneficiary, settlor, 
member or beneficial owner been the Noteholder of the Notes. 
 
(3) Relevant Date. As used herein, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes 
due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the relevant Agent on 
or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received 
by the relevant Agent, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with § 12. 
 
§ 8 
DEPOSIT IN COURT, PRESENTATION PERIOD, PRESCRIPTION PERIOD 
 
(1) Deposit in Court. The Issuer may deposit with the lower court (Amtsgericht) of Frankfurt am Main 
principal and interest, if any, not claimed by Noteholders within twelve months after having become due, 
together with a waiver of the right to withdraw such deposit, even if the Noteholders are not in default of 
acceptance; such deposit will be at the risk and cost of such Noteholders. Upon such deposit, with such waiver 
of the right to withdraw, all claims of such Noteholders against the Issuer and against third parties which are 
liable for its obligations shall cease. 
 
(2) Presentation Period. The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 BGB (German 
Civil Code) is reduced to ten years.  
 
(3) Prescription Period. The prescription period for Notes presented for payment during the presentation 
period shall be two years beginning at the end of the relevant presentation period. 
 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
(1) Events of Default. Each Noteholder is entitled to declare due and payable by notice to the Fiscal Agent his 
entire claims arising from the Notes and demand payment of the Early Redemption Amount, together with 
accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, if 
 
(a) 
the Issuer, for any reason whatsoever, fails to pay (i) within seven days after the relevant due date 
principal, or (ii) within 14 days after the relevant due date interest, if any, on the Notes, including 
additional amounts pursuant to § 7 (1), if any; or 
 
(b) the Issuer, for any reason whatsoever, fails to duly perform any other obligation under these Notes and 
such failure is incapable of remedy or continues for more than 30 days after receipt of a written notice 
from a Noteholder by the Fiscal Agent; or 
 
(c)  (i) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined in 
§ 2 (2)) for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised becomes due and payable prior to its stated 
maturity by reason of any actual or potential default, event of default or the like (howsoever described), 
or (ii) any such indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any applicable grace 
period, or (iii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined in § 2 (2)) fails to pay when due 
any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any 
indebtedness for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised provided that the aggregate amount of the 
relevant indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events 
mentioned above in this paragraph (c) have occurred equals or exceeds Euro 100,000,000 or its 
equivalent (on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant currency against the Euro as quoted by 
any leading bank on the day on which this paragraph operates); or

--- Page 90 ---
90 
(d) a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or sued out on or against any 
part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined in § 2 
(2)) and is not discharged or stayed within 30 days; or 
 
(e) 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, created or assumed by the 
Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined in § 2 (2)) in an equivalent of EUR 50,000,000 (or 
the equivalent in another currency on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant currency against 
the Euro as quoted by any leading bank on the day on which this paragraph operates) becomes 
enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a 
receiver, manager or other similar person); or 
 
(f) 
bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings (or similar proceedings) are commenced by a court in the relevant 
place of jurisdiction against the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined in § 2 (2)) which 
shall not have been reversed or stayed within 60 days or the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary (as 
defined in § 2 (2)) itself institutes such proceedings; or 
 
(g) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined in § 2 (2)), whereby the undertaking and assets 
of the Material Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Issuer or another of its 
Subsidiaries (as defined in § 2 (2)), is wound up or dissolved or shall take any action for the purpose of 
liquidation unless such liquidation is to take place in connection with a merger, consolidation or any 
other form of combination with another company and such company in the case of the Issuer assumes all 
obligations arising from these Terms and Conditions of the Notes; or 
 
(h) the Issuer stops payment completely or ceases to carry on its business; or 
 
(i) 
it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations 
under any of the Notes; or 
 
(j) 
any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect to any of the 
events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs. 
 
(2) Notice. Such notice for repayment shall be sent to the Fiscal Agent in text form; such notice will become 
effective upon receipt by the Fiscal Agent. Claims fall due 14 days after receipt of such notice unless, in the 
case of paragraph (1)(a) or (1)(b), the obligation has been satisfied or performed prior thereto. 
 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION 
 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer shall be entitled at any time without the consent of the Noteholders to be 
substituted as Issuer by any other company appointed as Issuer under this Programme (the "New Issuer") in 
respect of all obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes, if; 
 
(a) 
the New Issuer assumes all obligations of the Issuer arising from or in connection with the Notes; 
 
(b) the Issuer and the New Issuer have obtained any necessary authorisation from the competent authorities 
to the effect that the New Issuer may transfer to the relevant Paying Agent in the Specified Currency or 
other relevant currency without the withholding at source or deduction at source of any taxes, fees, 
duties, assessments or other governmental charges in the country of its incorporation and, if different 
where it is treated as resident for tax purposes, all amounts required for the performance of the payment 
obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes; 
 
(c) 
the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees such obligations of the New Issuer in the same 
form and with the same content as the Notes have originally been guaranteed by the Issuer. 
 
(2) Change of References. In the event of such substitution, any reference in these Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the New Issuer and any reference to the

--- Page 91 ---
91 
country of incorporation of the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the country of incorporation of 
the New Issuer and, if different, to the country where it is treated as resident for tax purposes. 
 
(3) Notice. Any substitution effected in accordance with subparagraph 1 of this § 10 shall be binding on the 
Noteholders and shall be notified to them in accordance with § 12 not less than 15 Business Days before such 
substitution comes into effect. 
 
§ 11 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer reserves the right from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders to 
issue additional notes so that the same shall be consolidated, form a single issue (Series) of Notes with and 
increase the aggregate principal amount of this Tranche of Notes. The Notes of each Tranche shall have 
identical Terms and Conditions and identical features. The Notes of each Series shall also have identical 
Terms and Conditions and identical features, except (in the case of more than one Tranche) for the Issue Date, 
the Interest Commencement Date and the offer price. References to "Notes" shall be construed as references to 
such Tranche or Series. 
 
(2) Purchases and Cancellation. The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries is entitled to purchase Notes in the 
market or otherwise at any price. Notes purchased or otherwise acquired by the Issuer or any of the 
subsidiaries may be held or resold or, at the discretion of the Issuer, surrendered to the relevant Paying Agent 
for cancellation. 
 
§ 12 
NOTICES 
 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on a Stock Exchange, insert: 
 
(1) Publication.  
 
[If notices may be given by means of a leading daily newspaper, insert: All notices concerning the Notes 
will be published in a leading daily newspaper having general circulation in [Austria] [Germany] 
[Luxembourg] [London] [specify other location]. This newspaper is expected to be the [Amtsblatt zur Wiener 
Zeitung] [Börsen-Zeitung] [Luxemburger Wort] [Tageblatt] [Financial Times] [insert other applicable 
newspaper having general circulation] in the German or English language [If notices may be given 
additionally by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange(s), insert: 
[and will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange under ‘www.bourse.lu‘] [and the] 
[[insert relevant stock exchange] under [insert website of the stock exchange]]. [Any notice so given will 
be deemed to have been validly given on the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the 
date of the first such publication).]] 
 
[If notices may be given exclusively by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant 
stock exchange, insert: All notices concerning the Notes can also be made by means of electronic publication 
on the website of the [insert relevant stock exchange] (www.[insert internet address]). Any notice so given 
will be deemed to have been validly given on the day of such publication (or, if published more than once, on 
the first day of such publication).]] 
 
[(2)] Notification to Clearing System. 
 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted, insert: The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to 
the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the Noteholders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which said notice was given 
to the Clearing System.]

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, insert: So 
long as any Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) shall 
apply. In the case of notices regarding the Rate of Interest or, if the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
so permit, the Issuer may deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Noteholders in lieu of publication in the newspapers set forth in subparagraph 
(1) above; any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the seventh day after the 
day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on a Stock Exchange other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
insert: The Issuer may, in lieu of publication set forth in subparagraph (1) above, deliver the relevant notice to 
the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing System to the Noteholders, provided that the rules of 
the stock exchange on which Notes are listed permit such form of notice. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given to the Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
 
§ 13 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
 
(1) Applicable Law. The form and content of the Notes and the Global Note(s) and all the rights and duties 
arising therefrom shall be governed exclusively by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany.  
 
(2) Submission to Jurisdiction. For all litigation arising from legal relations established in these Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, the Noteholders are entitled to assert their claims, to the exclusion of all other venues, 
at their discretion either before the competent courts in the relevant country of incorporation of the Issuer or 
before the competent courts in Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany. It is agreed that such courts 
shall apply exclusively the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany.  
 
(3) Enforcement. A Noteholder may in any proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Noteholder and 
the Issuer are parties, in his own name enforce his rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a 
statement issued by the Custodian with whom such Noteholder maintains a securities account in respect of 
Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Noteholder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of 
Notes credited to such securities account on the date of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian 
has given written notice to the Clearing System containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) or (ii) a 
copy of the Note in global form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing 
System or a depositary of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such proceedings of the 
actual records or the global note representing the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means 
any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Noteholder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the 
Clearing System. Each Noteholder may, without prejudice of the foregoing, protect and enforce his rights 
under the Notes also in any other way which is permitted in the country in which the proceedings are initiated. 
 
(4) Annulment. The German courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over the annulment of lost or destroyed 
Global Notes.  
 
§ 14 
PARTIAL INVALIDITY 
 
Should any of the provisions contained in these Terms and Conditions of the Notes be or become invalid or 
unenforceable, the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or 
impaired thereby. In this case, the invalid or unenforceable provision shall be deemed to be replaced by a 
provision which to the extent legally possible provides for an interpretation in keeping with the meaning and 
the economic purpose of these Terms and Conditions of the Notes at the time of the issue of the Notes. Under 
circumstances in which these Terms and Conditions of the Notes prove to be incomplete, a supplementary 
interpretation in accordance with the meaning and the purpose of these Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
under due consideration of the legitimate interests of the parties involved shall be applied.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
§ 15 
LANGUAGE 
 
[If the Terms and Conditions are written in the German language together with an non-binding 
translation into the English language, insert: These Terms and Conditions of the Notes are written in the 
German language. An English language translation shall be provided. The German text shall be prevailing and 
binding. The English language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
[If the Terms and Conditions are written in the English language, insert: These Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes are written in the English language. [If a non-binding translation into the German language 
shall be provided, insert: A German language translation shall be provided. The English text shall be 
prevailing and binding. The German language translation is provided for convenience only.]]

--- Page 94 ---
94 
OPTION III: 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF 
ZERO COUPON NOTES  
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, TITLE 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
(1) Currency, Denomination. This tranche [insert tranche number] of Notes (the "Notes") which itself or, 
together with one or more other tranches, shall comprise a "Series" of OMV Aktiengesellschaft is being 
issued in [insert specified currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the aggregate principal amount [In the 
case the Global Note is an NGN, insert: (subject to § 1(6))] of [insert aggregate principal amount] (in 
words: [insert aggregate principal amount in words]) in a denomination of [insert Specified 
Denomination] (the "Specified Denomination"). 
 
[If the Tranche becomes part of an existing Series, insert: This Tranche [insert number of tranche] shall 
be consolidated and form a single Series [insert number of series] with the Series [number of series], 
ISIN [●] / WKN [●], Tranche 1 issued on [insert Issue Date of Tranche 1] [For each further Tranche, 
insert: and Tranche [insert number of tranche] issued on [insert Issue Date of this Tranche] of this 
Series]. The aggregate principal amount of Series [insert number of series] is [insert aggregate principal 
amount of the consolidated Series [insert number of series].]  
 
(2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
 
(3) Temporary Global Note - Exchange 
 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary Global Note") without 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for Notes in Specified Denominations 
represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The 
Temporary Global Note and the Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") shall each be signed 
manually or in facsimile by two authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated by or 
on behalf of the Fiscal Agent (as determined in § 6). Definitive Notes will not be issued. 
 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchanged for the Permanent Global Note on a date not earlier than 
40 days after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall only be made upon 
delivery of certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person (other than certain financial institutions or certain persons 
holding Notes through such financial institutions). Any such certification received on or after the 40th 
day after the date of issue of the Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to exchange such 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to subparagraph (b) of this § 1 (3). Any securities delivered in 
exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be delivered only outside of the United States (as defined 
in § 4 (3)). 
 
(4) Clearing System. [The] [Each] Global Note will be kept in custody by or on behalf of a Clearing System 
until all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. "Clearing System" means [If more 
than one Clearing System, insert: each of] the following: [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg ("CBL")] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear")] [CBL 
and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together the "ICSDs"] [OeKB CSD GmbH ("OeKB")] [,] [and] [specify 
other Clearing System] or any successor in respect of the functions performed by [If more than one 
Clearing System, insert: each of the Clearing Systems] [If one Clearing System, insert: the Clearing 
System].

--- Page 95 ---
95 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs, insert: 
 
[In the case the Global Note is an NGN, insert: 
 
The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a common safekeeper on 
behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
[In the case the Global Note is a CGN, insert: 
 
The Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a common depositary 
on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
(5) Noteholders. "Noteholder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial interest 
or right in the Notes. 
 
[In the case the Global Note is an NGN, insert: 
 
(6) Records of the ICSDs. The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note shall be 
the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs 
(which expression means the records that each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such 
customer's interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant ICSD at that time. 
 
On any redemption or purchase and cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by the Global Note the 
Issuer shall procure that details of such redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case may 
be) in respect of the Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs and, upon any such 
entry being made, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and 
represented by the Global Note shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled.] 
 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is an NGN, insert: On an exchange of a portion only of the Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note, the issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs.]] 
 
[(6)][(7)] Title. 
 
(a) 
A Noteholder will (except as otherwise required by applicable laws or regulatory requirements) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or any interest thereof or therein, any writing thereon, or any theft or loss thereof) and 
no person shall be liable for so treating such Noteholder. 
 
(b) The transfer of title to Notes is effected by agreement on the transfer among the relevant parties and by 
delivery or otherwise in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations including the rules of any 
relevant Clearing System. References herein to "Noteholders" of Notes are to the bearers of such Notes. 
 
[(7)][(8)] Business Day. In these Terms and Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which both (i) the Clearing System, and (ii) [If the Specified Currency is 
Euro insert: [TARGET (as defined below)] [and commercial banks and foreign exchange markets in [insert 
all relevant financial centres]] [If the Specified Currency is not Euro insert: commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets in [insert all relevant financial centres]] settle payments. 
 
[If TARGET is applicable, insert: "TARGET" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer payment system 2 or any successor system thereto.]

--- Page 96 ---
96 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
 
(1) Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present 
and future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of 
law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
 
(2) Negative Pledge. So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall 
procure that its Material Subsidiaries shall not create, or have outstanding, any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge 
or other security interest, upon the whole or any part of its present or future assets to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness, or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness without at the same time, 
or prior thereto, securing such Notes equally and rateably therewith. 
 
"Material Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary (as defined below): 
 
(a) 
whose net income for the year (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary preparing consolidated 
financial statements and non-consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary preparing non-consolidated 
financial statements) or whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary preparing 
consolidated financial statements and non-consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary preparing non-
consolidated financial statements) represent not less than 10% of the consolidated net income for the 
year, or, as the case may be, the consolidated total assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a 
whole, all as calculated respectively by reference to the latest financial statements (consolidated or, 
as the case may be, unconsolidated) of the Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer; provided that in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of 
the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
relate for the purposes of applying each of the foregoing tests, the reference to the Issuer′s latest 
audited consolidated financial statements shall be deemed to be a reference to such financial 
statements as if such Subsidiary had been shown in such financial statements by reference to its then 
latest relevant financial statements, adjusted as deemed appropriate by the auditors for the time being 
of the Issuer after consultation with the Issuer; or 
 
(b) 
to which is transferred all or substantially all of the business, undertaking and assets of another 
Subsidiary which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary, whereupon (i) in the 
case of a transfer by a Material Subsidiary, the transferor Material Subsidiary shall immediately 
cease to be a Material Subsidiary and (ii) the transferee Subsidiary shall immediately become a 
Material Subsidiary, provided that on or after the date on which the relevant financial statements for 
the financial period current at the date of such transfer are published, whether such transferor 
Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary is or is not a Material Subsidiary shall be determined 
pursuant to the provisions of sub-paragraph (a) above. 
 
A report by two duly authorised persons of the Issuer that in their opinion (making such adjustments (if any) 
as they shall deem appropriate) a Subsidiary is or is not or was or was not at any particular time or during any 
particular period a Material Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on 
the Issuer and the Noteholders. 
 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any indebtedness which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, 
bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities which for the time being are, or are intended to be or 
capable of being, quoted, listed or dealt in or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-counter or other 
securities market. 
 
"Subsidiary" means any entity whose financial statements at any time are required by law or in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles to be fully consolidated with those of the Issuer. 
 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes, all the Notes issued except (a) those which have been 
redeemed in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for 
redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys (including interest payable under these Terms and

--- Page 97 ---
97 
Conditions after such date) have been duly paid to the Fiscal Agent and remain available for payment against 
presentation and surrender of Notes, (c) those in respect of which claims have become void, (d) those which 
have been purchased and cancelled as provided in these Terms and Conditions, (e) those mutilated or defaced 
Notes which have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Notes, (f) (for the purpose only of 
determining how many Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) 
those Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement Notes have 
been issued, and (g) the Temporary Global Note to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for the 
Permanent Global Note pursuant to its provisions. 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
(1) No Periodic Payments of Interest. There will not be any periodic payments of interest on the Notes. 
 
(2) Accrual of Interest. If the Issuer shall fail to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall accrue on the 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes as from the due date to the date of actual redemption at the rate of 
[insert Amortisation Yield] per annum. 
 
(3) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of any amount on any 
Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
 
[In the case of Actual/Actual (ICMA), insert: the actual number of days in such Calculation Period (from, 
and including, the first day of such period to, but excluding, the last) divided by the actual number of days in 
the relevant calendar year.] 
 
[In the case of ACT/ACT (ISDA) or Actual/365, insert: the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365 (or, if any calculation portion of that period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period not falling in a leap year divided by 365).] 
 
[In the case of Actual/ 365 (Fixed), insert: the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
365.] 
 
[In the case of Actual/360, insert: the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis, insert: the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless 
(A) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period 
is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall 
not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last 
day of the month of February in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to 
a 30-day month).] 
 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis, insert: the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without 
regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).]

--- Page 98 ---
98 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
(1) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect of Notes shall be made, subject to paragraph (2) 
below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts of the relevant accountholders of the 
Clearing System upon presentation and (except in the case of partial payment) surrender of the Global Note 
representing the Notes at the time of payment at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent outside the United 
States. 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations, payments of amounts due 
in respect of the Notes shall be made in the freely negotiable and convertible currency which on the respective 
due date is the currency of the country of the Specified Currency. 
 
(3) United States. For purposes of § 1 (3) and paragraph (1) of this § 4, "United States" means the United 
States of America (including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its territories (including 
Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands) 
and possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction. 
 
(4) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
 
(5) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment 
Business Day then: 
 
[In the case of Modified Following Business Day Convention, insert: the Noteholder shall not be entitled 
to payment until the next day which is a Payment Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event the payment date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
 
[In the case of Following Business Day Convention, insert: the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment 
until the next day which is a Payment Business Day.] 
 
[In the case of Preceding Business Day Convention, insert: the Noteholder shall be entitled to payment on 
the immediately preceding Payment Business Day.] 
 
The Noteholder shall not be entitled to interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means a day which is a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which both (i) the Clearing System, and (ii) [If the Specified Currency is not Euro, insert: commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets in [insert all relevant financial centres]] [If the Specified Currency is 
Euro insert: [TARGET] [and commercial banks and foreign exchange markets in [insert all relevant 
financial centres]]] settle payments. 
 
(6) References to Principal. References in these Terms and Conditions of the Notes to principal in respect of 
the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; [If 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer for reasons other than Reasons for Taxation insert: the Call 
Redemption Amount of the Notes;] [If redeemable at the option of the Noteholder, insert: the Put 
Redemption Amount of the Notes;] the Amortised Face Amount of the Notes; and any premium and any other 
amounts which may be payable under or in respect of the Notes.  
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [insert Maturity Date] (the "Maturity 
Date"). The Final Redemption Amount in respect of each Note shall be [If the Notes are redeemed at their 
Specified Denomination insert: its Specified Denomination] [If Notes will be redeemed at an amount 
other than their Specified Denomination, insert: [insert Final Redemption Amount per specified 
denomination] per Specified Denomination].

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Republic of Austria or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein 
affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official 
interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or change is effective on or after 
the date on which the last tranche of this Series of Notes was issued, the Issuer is required to pay Additional 
Amounts pursuant to § 7 (1) at maturity or upon the sale or exchange of any Note, the Notes may be 
redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon not less than 30 days' prior notice of 
redemption given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § 12, to the Noteholders, at their Amortised 
Face Amount(as defined below). 
 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § 12. It shall be irrevocable, must specify the date fixed for 
redemption and must set forth a statement in summary form of the facts constituting the basis for the right of 
the Issuer so to redeem. 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer, insert: 
 
(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
 
(a) 
The Issuer may, not less than 15 Business Days before the giving of a notice to the Paying Agent and 
upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), redeem [all] [or] [some] of the Notes on the Call 
Redemption Date[s] at the Call Redemption Amount[s] set forth below. [If Minimum Redemption 
Amount or Higher Redemption Amount applies, insert: Any such redemption must be of a principal 
amount equal to [at least [insert [Minimum Redemption Amount]] [insert Higher Redemption 
Amount].] 
 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
[insert Call Redemption Date(s)] 
[insert Call Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Noteholder, insert: The Issuer may not 
exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Noteholder thereof 
of its option to require the redemption of such Note under subparagraph [(3)][(4)] of this § 5.] 
 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with § 12. Such 
notice shall specify: 
 
(i) 
the Tranche or Series, as the case may be, of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
(ii) whether such Tranche or Series, as the case may be, is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, 
if in part only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not less than [insert Minimum Notice to Noteholders] 
nor more than [insert Maximum Notice to Noteholders] days after the date on which notice is 
given by the Issuer to the Noteholders; and 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in accordance with 
the rules of the relevant Clearing System [In the case of an issue of Notes in NGN form, insert: and 
such redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and/or Euroclear as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at the discretion of CBL and Euroclear].

--- Page 100 ---
100 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of a Noteholder, insert: 
 
[(3)][(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Noteholder. 
 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, at the option of a Noteholder, redeem such Note on the Put Redemption Date[s] at the 
Put Redemption Amount[s] set forth below. 
 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
[insert Put Redemption Date(s)] 
[insert Put Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
The Noteholder may not exercise the option for Early Redemption in respect of any Note which is the subject 
of the prior exercise by the Issuer of its option to redeem such Note under this § 5. 
 
(b) In order to exercise the option for Early Redemption, the Noteholder must, not less than [insert 
Minimum Notice to Issuer which shall not be less than 10] nor more than [insert Maximum Notice 
to Issuer] days before the Put Redemption Date on which such redemption is required to be made as 
specified in the Put Notice (as defined below), submit during normal business hours at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent a duly completed early redemption notice ("Put Notice") in the form available 
from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. No option so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. If 
these Notes are held through Euroclear or CBL, to exercise the right to require redemption of these 
Notes the Noteholder must, within the notice period, give notice to the Fiscal Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and CBL (which may include notice being given 
on his instruction by Euroclear or CBL or any common depositary for them to the Fiscal Agent by 
electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and CBL from time to time.] 
 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption as a result of a Change of Control Event, insert: 
 
[(3)][(4)][(5)] Early Redemption for Reasons of a Change of Control Event. 
 
(a) 
In the event that a Change of Control Event (as defined below) occurs: 
 
(i) any Noteholder may, by submitting a redemption notice (the "Early Redemption Notice"), demand 
from the Issuer redemption as of the Effective Date (as defined under subparagraph (a)(ii)(B) below) 
of any or all of its Notes which are or were not otherwise declared due for early redemption, at their 
Amortised Face Amount. Each Early Redemption Notice must be received by the Fiscal Agent no 
less than 30 days prior to the Effective Date; and 
 
(ii) the Issuer will (A) immediately after becoming aware of the Change of Control Event, publish this 
fact by way of a notice pursuant to § 12, and (B) determine and publish pursuant to § 12 the effective 
date for the purposes of Early Redemption Notice (the "Effective Date"). The Effective Date must be 
a Business Day not less than 60 and not more than 90 days after publication of the notice regarding 
the Change of Control Event pursuant to subparagraph (a)(ii)(A). 
 
(b) Any Early Redemption Notice shall be made in writing in German or English and shall be delivered in 
text form to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office. The Early Redemption Notice must be accompanied 
by evidence showing that the relevant Noteholder is the holder of the relevant Note at the time the Early 
Redemption Notice is delivered. Such evidence may be provided in the form of a certificate issued by 
the Custodian (as defined in § 13 (4)) or in any other suitable manner. Early Redemption Notices shall be 
irrevocable. 
 
(c) A "Change of Control Event" occurs if: 
 
(i) 
(1) the Issuer receives information from the relevant shareholder (A) on the obtaining of a 
controlling holding in it pursuant to § 22b of the Austrian Takeover Act (Übernahmegesetz) 
and/or (B) on the obtaining of a controlling holding in it pursuant to § 22(1) of the Austrian 
Takeover Act (Übernahmegesetz) or (2) an Austrian court or an Austrian administrative authority

--- Page 101 ---
101 
takes a final and binding decision on the obtaining of a controlling holding in the Issuer pursuant 
to § 22(1) or § 22b of the Austrian Takeover Act (Übernahmegesetz) or (3) a voluntary tender 
offer for the obtaining of control pursuant to § 25a of the Austrian Take Over Act 
(Übernahmegesetz) has been completed successfully or (4) if the Issuer sells or transfers all or 
substantially all of its asset to any Person or Persons, other than to one or more wholly-owned 
Subsidiaries of the Issuer (each such event being a "Change of Control"; changes in the 
syndicate of the core shareholders (e.g. changes in the shareholding, accession of third persons) 
shall not constitute Change of Control, as long as the core shareholders Österreichische 
Beteiligungs AG or its successors or any other entity directly or indirectly controlled by the 
Republic of Austria and Mubadala Petroleum and Petrochemicals Holding Company L.L.C. or 
Mubadala Investment Company PJSC or any of their respective successors or any other entity 
directly or indirectly controlled by the government of Abu Dhabi, jointly or severally, hold more 
than 30% of the share capital of the Issuer); and 
 
(ii) 
on the date (the "Relevant Announcement Date") that is the earlier of (1) the date of the first 
public announcement of the relevant Change of Control and (2) the date of the earliest Relevant 
Potential Change of Control Announcement (as defined below) (if any), the Notes: 
 
(A) carry an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-, or equivalent, or better) from any 
Rating Agency (as defined below), and such rating is, within the Change of Control Period, 
either downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or 
worse) (a "Non-Investment Grade Rating") or withdrawn and is not within the Change of 
Control Period reinstated to an investment grade credit rating by such Rating Agency; or 
 
(B) carry a Non-Investment Grade Rating from any Rating Agency and such rating is, within 
the Change of Control Period, either downgraded by one or more rating categories (by way 
of example, Ba1 to Ba2 being one rating category) or withdrawn and is not within the 
Change of Control Period reinstated to at least the same credit rating applied to the Notes 
immediately prior to such downgrading by such Rating Agency; or 
 
(C) carry no rating from any Rating Agency and the Issuer is unable to obtain such a rating of at 
least investment grade by the end of the Change of Control Period; and 
 
(iii) 
in making any decision to downgrade or withdraw a credit rating pursuant to paragraphs (ii)(A) 
and (ii)(B) above, the relevant Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms in writing that 
such decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, from the occurrence of the Change of Control or the 
Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement. 
 
(iv) 
If the rating designations employed by any of Moody's, Standard & Poor's or Fitch are changed 
from those which are described in subparagraph (ii) above, or if a rating is procured from a 
Substitute Rating Agency, the Issuer shall determine the rating designations of Moody's, Standard 
& Poor's or Fitch or such Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are most equivalent to the 
prior rating designations of Moody's, Standard & Poor's or Fitch. 
 
(d) "Change of Control Period" means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement Date and 
ending 90 days after the Change of Control (or such longer period for which the Notes are under 
consideration (such consideration having been announced publicly within the period ending 90 days after 
the Change of Control) for rating review or, as the case may be, rating by a Rating Agency, such period 
not to exceed 60 days after the public announcement of such consideration). 
 
(e) 
"Control" means the right to give directions to the management of a Subsidiary and to take decisions on 
matters of principle (including, but not limited to, the right to appoint the executive management board 
(or an equivalent body) and/or the supervisory board, if applicable) of such Subsidiary, whether by way 
of voting rights, rights arising out of the respective articles of association and/or shareholders' 
agreement(s), contract or general law or for any other reason.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
(f) 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, undertaking, 
association, organisation, trust, state or agency of a state, in each case whether or not being a separate 
entity. 
 
(g) "Rating Agency" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody's"), Standard & Poor′s Rating 
Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. ("Standard & Poor′s") or Fitch Ratings Ltd. 
("Fitch") or any of their respective successors or any other rating agency of comparable international 
standing (a "Substitute Rating Agency") substituted for any of them by the Issuer from time to time. 
 
(h) "Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or 
statement by the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf of any actual or 
potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control where within 180 days following the date of 
such announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs. 
 
(i) 
"Subsidiary" means a company over which the Issuer exercises Control, whether directly or indirectly. 
 
[(3)][(4)][(5)][(6)] Amortised Face Amount. 
 
(a) 
The "Amortised Face Amount" of a Note shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
 
(i) 
[insert Reference Price] (the "Reference Price") and 
 
(ii) the product of [insert Amortisation Yield] (compounded annually) and the Reference Price from 
(and including) [insert Issue Date] to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which the Notes become due and payable. 
 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation in 
respect of the period of less than a full year (the "Calculation Period") shall be made on the basis of the Day 
Count Fraction (as defined in § 3). 
 
(b) If the Issuer fails to pay the Amortised Face Amount when due, the Amortised Face Amount of a Note 
shall be calculated as provided herein, except that references in subparagraph (a) (ii) above to the date 
fixed for redemption or the date on which such Note becomes due and repayable shall refer to the earlier 
of (i) the date on which upon due presentation and surrender of the relevant Note (if required), payment 
is made, and (ii) the fourteenth day after notice has been given by the Fiscal Agent in accordance with 
§ 12 that the funds required for redemption have been provided to the Fiscal Agent.] 
 
§ 6 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT[S]  
 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent[s] and their respective initial 
specified offices are: 
 
Fiscal Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Paying Agent[s]: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 103 ---
103 
[insert other Paying Agents and specified offices if Notes are to be issued via OeKB or other Clearing 
System] 
 
The Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent[s] reserve the right at any time to change their respective specified 
offices to some other specified office in the same country. 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent and to appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional or 
other Paying Agents. The Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent [,] [and] (ii) a Paying Agent with 
a specified office outside the European Union [,] [and] [[(iii)] a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal 
Agent) with a specified office in a continental European city] [,] [and] [(iii)][(iv)] a Paying Agent (which may 
be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office within the Republic of Austria [In the case of Notes listed on a 
stock exchange, insert: [,] [and] [(iii)][(iv)][(v)] so long as the Notes are listed on the [name of stock 
exchange], a Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in [location of stock 
exchange] and/or in such other place as may be required by the rules of such stock exchange] [In the case of 
payments in U.S. dollars, insert: and [(iii)][(iv)][(v)][(vi)] if payments at or through the offices of all Paying 
Agents outside the United States (as defined in § 4 (3) hereof) become illegal or are effectively precluded 
because of the imposition of exchange controls or similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such 
amounts in United States dollars, a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City]. Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall 
be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with § 12. 
 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent[s] act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
have any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to any Noteholder. 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
 
(1) Taxation. All amounts payable in respect of the Notes will be made free and clear of and without 
withholding at source or deduction at source for or on account of any present or future taxes, fees, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature which are imposed or levied by or on behalf of the 
Republic of Austria or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having 
power to tax ("Withholding Tax") (Quellensteuer), unless Withholding Tax is to be deducted or withheld by 
law or other regulations and to be paid to the responsible authorities. In such event, the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts as may be necessary, subject to paragraph (2) below, in order that the net amounts 
receivable by the Noteholder after the withholding or deduction of such Withholding Tax shall equal the 
respective amounts which would have been received by such Noteholder had no such Withholding Tax been 
required. 
 
(2) No Additional Amounts. However, the Issuer shall not be obliged to pay any additional amounts on 
account of any such taxes, fees, duties, assessments or governmental charges: 
 
(a) 
which the Noteholder is subject to for any reason other than the mere fact of being a Noteholder, 
including if the Noteholder is subject to such taxes, fees, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
based on a personal unlimited or limited tax liability; or 
 
[(b) the Noteholder would not be subject to, if he had presented, or claimed his rights to the respective Paying 
Agent pursuant to § 6 arising from his Notes for payment within 30 days from the Relevant Date (as 
defined below); or] 
 
[(b)][(c)] which are deducted or withheld by a Paying Agent in one country from a payment if the payment 
could have been made by another Paying Agent in another country without such withholding or 
deduction; or 
 
[(c)][(d)] which are to be paid on payments of principal by any means other than withholding at source or 
deduction at source; or

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
[[(d)][(e)] 
which are only deducted or withheld because the relevant Note is being presented for 
payment at the counter; or] 
 
[(d)][(e)][(f)] 
to which a Noteholder is liable by reason of being a resident of or having some other 
personal or business connection with the Republic of Austria [and not merely by reason of the fact that 
payments according to these Terms and Conditions of the Notes are derived, or for the purpose of 
taxation are deemed to be derived, from sources in the Republic of Austria]; or 
 
[[(e)][(f)][(g)] 
which are imposed or withheld by reason of the failure by the Noteholder or the beneficial 
owner of a Note to comply with any requirement (including the requirement to produce necessary forms 
and/or other documentation) under a statute, treaty, regulation, or administrative practice of the tax 
jurisdiction to establish entitlement to exemption from all or part of such tax, fee, duty, assessment, or 
other governmental charge to the extent such compliance is required as precondition to relief or 
exemption from such tax, fee, duty, assessment or other governmental charge; or] 
 
[(e)][(f)][(g)][(h)] which are imposed on a payment to an individual and are required to be made pursuant to 
the EU Savings Directive dated 3 June 2003 concerning the EU-wide exchange of Information and the 
taxation applicable to interest, or pursuant to any law or provision, implementing or complying with the 
requirements of such Directive or the conclusions of the ECOFIN Council meeting reached on 13 
December 2001, or pursuant to any law or provision that is introduced in order to conform to such 
Directive; or 
 
[(f)][(g)][(h)][(i)] any combination of items (a), [(b),] [(b)][(c)], [(c)][(d)], [[(d)][(e)],] [(d)][(e)][(f)], 
[[(e)][(f)][(g)],] and [(e)][(f)][(g)][(h)]; 
 
nor shall any additional amounts be paid with respect to any payment on a Note to a Noteholder who is a 
fiduciary or partnership or who is other than the sole beneficial owner of such payment to the extent such 
payment would be required by the laws of the Republic of Austria to be included in the income, for tax 
purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a 
beneficial owner who would not have been entitled to such additional amounts had such beneficiary, settlor, 
member or beneficial owner been the Noteholder of the Notes. 
 
(3) Relevant Date. As used herein, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes 
due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the relevant Agent on 
or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received 
by the relevant Agent, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with § 12. 
 
§ 8 
DEPOSIT IN COURT, PRESENTATION PERIOD, PRESCRIPTION PERIOD 
 
(1) Deposit in Court. The Issuer may deposit with the lower court (Amtsgericht) of Frankfurt am Main any 
amounts payable under the Notes, not claimed by Noteholders within twelve months after having become due, 
together with a waiver of the right to withdraw such deposit, even if the Noteholders are not in default of 
acceptance; such deposit will be at the risk and cost of such Noteholders. Upon such deposit, with such waiver 
of the right to withdraw, all claims of such Noteholders against the Issuer and against third parties which are 
liable for its obligations shall cease. 
 
(2) Presentation Period. The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 BGB (German 
Civil Code) is reduced to ten years.  
 
(3) Prescription Period. The prescription period for Notes presented for payment during the presentation 
period shall be two years beginning at the end of the relevant presentation period.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
(1) Events of Default. Each Noteholder is entitled to declare due and payable by notice to the Fiscal Agent his 
entire claims arising from the Notes and demand payment of the Amortised Face Amount, if 
 
(a) 
the Issuer, for any reason whatsoever, fails to pay (i) within seven days after the relevant due date any 
amount payable on the Notes, including additional amounts pursuant to § 7 (1), if any; or 
 
(b) the Issuer, for any reason whatsoever, fails to duly perform any other obligation under these Notes and 
such failure is incapable of remedy or continues for more than 30 days after receipt of a written notice 
from a Noteholder by the Fiscal Agent; or 
 
(c)  (i) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined in 
§ 2 (2)) for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised becomes due and payable prior to its stated 
maturity by reason of any actual or potential default, event of default or the like (howsoever described), 
or (ii) any such indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any applicable grace 
period, or (iii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined in § 2 (2)) fails to pay when due 
any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any 
indebtedness for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised provided that the aggregate amount of the 
relevant indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events 
mentioned above in this paragraph (c) have occurred equals or exceeds Euro 100,000,000 or its 
equivalent (on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant currency against the Euro as quoted by 
any leading bank on the day on which this paragraph operates); or 
 
(d) a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or sued out on or against any 
part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined in § 2 
(2)) and is not discharged or stayed within 30 days; or 
 
(e) 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, created or assumed by the 
Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined in § 2 (2)) in an equivalent of EUR 50,000,000 (or 
the equivalent in another currency on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant currency against 
the Euro as quoted by any leading bank on the day on which this paragraph operates) becomes 
enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a 
receiver, manager or other similar person); or 
 
(f) 
bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings (or similar proceedings) are commenced by a court in the relevant 
place of jurisdiction against the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined in § 2 (2)) which 
shall not have been reversed or stayed within 60 days or the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary (as 
defined in § 2 (2)) itself institutes such proceedings; or 
 
(g) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined in § 2 (2)), whereby the undertaking and assets 
of the Material Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Issuer or another of its 
Subsidiaries (as defined in § 2 (2)), is wound up or dissolved or shall take any action for the purpose of 
liquidation unless such liquidation is to take place in connection with a merger, consolidation or any 
other form of combination with another company and such company in the case of the Issuer assumes all 
obligations arising from these Terms and Conditions of the Notes; or 
 
(h) the Issuer stops payment completely or ceases to carry on its business; or 
 
(i) 
it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations 
under any of the Notes; or 
 
(j) 
any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect to any of the 
events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs. 
 
(2) Notice. Such notice for repayment shall be sent to the Fiscal Agent in text form; such notice will become

--- Page 106 ---
106 
effective upon receipt by the Fiscal Agent. Claims fall due 14 days after receipt of such notice unless, in the 
case of paragraph (1)(a) or (1)(b), the obligation has been satisfied or performed prior thereto. 
 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION 
 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer shall be entitled at any time without the consent of the Noteholders to be 
substituted as Issuer by any other company appointed as Issuer under this Programme (the "New Issuer") in 
respect of all obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes, if; 
 
(a) 
the New Issuer assumes all obligations of the Issuer arising from or in connection with the Notes; 
 
(b) the Issuer and the New Issuer have obtained any necessary authorisation from the competent authorities 
to the effect that the New Issuer may transfer to the relevant Paying Agent in the Specified Currency or 
other relevant currency without the withholding at source or deduction at source of any taxes, fees, 
duties, assessments or other governmental charges in the country of its incorporation and, if different 
where it is treated as resident for tax purposes, all amounts required for the performance of the payment 
obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes; 
 
(c) 
the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees such obligations of the New Issuer in the same 
form and with the same content as the Notes have originally been guaranteed by the Issuer. 
 
(2) Change of References. In the event of such substitution, any reference in these Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the New Issuer and any reference to the 
country of incorporation of the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the country of incorporation of 
the New Issuer and, if different, to the country where it is treated as resident for tax purposes. 
 
(3) Notice. Any substitution effected in accordance with subparagraph 1 of this § 10 shall be binding on the 
Noteholders and shall be notified to them in accordance with § 12 not less than 15 Business Days before such 
substitution comes into effect. 
 
§ 11 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer reserves the right from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders to 
issue additional notes so that the same shall be consolidated, form a single issue (Series) of Notes with and 
increase the aggregate principal amount of this Tranche of Notes. The Notes of each Tranche shall have 
identical Terms and Conditions and identical features. The Notes of each Series shall also have identical 
Terms and Conditions and identical features, except (in the case of more than one Tranche) for the Issue Date 
and the offer price. References to "Notes" shall be construed as references to such Tranche or Series. 
 
(2) Purchases and Cancellation. The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries is entitled to purchase Notes in the 
market or otherwise at any price. Notes purchased or otherwise acquired by the Issuer or any of the 
subsidiaries may be held or resold or, at the discretion of the Issuer, surrendered to the relevant Paying Agent 
for cancellation. 
 
§ 12 
NOTICES 
 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on a Stock Exchange, insert: 
 
(1) Publication.  
 
[If notices may be given by means of a leading daily newspaper, insert: All notices concerning the Notes 
will be published in a leading daily newspaper having general circulation in [Austria] [Germany] 
[Luxembourg] [London] [specify other location]. This newspaper is expected to be the [Amtsblatt zur Wiener 
Zeitung] [Börsen-Zeitung] [Luxemburger Wort] [Tageblatt] [Financial Times] [insert other applicable

--- Page 107 ---
107 
newspaper having general circulation] in the German or English language [If notices may be given 
additionally by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange(s), insert: 
[and will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange under ‘www.bourse.lu‘] [and the] 
[[insert relevant stock exchange] under [insert website of the stock exchange]]. [Any notice so given will 
be deemed to have been validly given on the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the 
date of the first such publication).]] 
 
[If notices may be given exclusively by means of electronic publication on the website of the relevant 
stock exchange, insert: All notices concerning the Notes can also be made by means of electronic publication 
on the website of the [insert relevant stock exchange] (www.[insert internet address]). Any notice so given 
will be deemed to have been validly given on the day of such publication (or, if published more than once, on 
the first day of such publication).]] 
 
[(2)] Notification to Clearing System. 
 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted, insert: The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to 
the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the Noteholders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which said notice was given 
to the Clearing System.] 
 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, insert: So 
long as any Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) shall 
apply. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, the Issuer may deliver the relevant notice to 
the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the Noteholders in lieu of publication in 
the newspapers set forth in subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on a Stock Exchange other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
insert: The Issuer may, in lieu of publication set forth in subparagraph (1) above, deliver the relevant notice to 
the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing System to the Noteholders, provided that the rules of 
the stock exchange on which Notes are listed permit such form of notice. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given to the Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
 
§ 13 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT 
 
(1) Applicable Law. The form and content of the Notes and the Global Note(s) and all the rights and duties 
arising therefrom shall be governed exclusively by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany.  
 
(2) Submission to Jurisdiction. For all litigation arising from legal relations established in these Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, the Noteholders are entitled to assert their claims, to the exclusion of all other venues, 
at their discretion either before the competent courts in the relevant country of incorporation of the Issuer or 
before the competent courts in Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany. It is agreed that such courts 
shall apply exclusively the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany.  
 
(3) Enforcement. A Noteholder may in any proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Noteholder and 
the Issuer are parties, in his own name enforce his rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a 
statement issued by the Custodian with whom such Noteholder maintains a securities account in respect of 
Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Noteholder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of 
Notes credited to such securities account on the date of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian 
has given written notice to the Clearing System containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) or (ii) a 
copy of the Note in global form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing 
System or a depositary of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such proceedings of the 
actual records or the global note representing the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means 
any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Noteholder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the

--- Page 108 ---
108 
Clearing System. Each Noteholder may, without prejudice of the foregoing, protect and enforce his rights 
under the Notes also in any other way which is permitted in the country in which the proceedings are initiated. 
 
(4) Annulment. The German courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over the annulment of lost or destroyed 
Global Notes.  
 
§ 14 
PARTIAL INVALIDITY 
 
Should any of the provisions contained in these Terms and Conditions of the Notes be or become invalid or 
unenforceable, the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or 
impaired thereby. In this case, the invalid or unenforceable provision shall be deemed to be replaced by a 
provision which to the extent legally possible provides for an interpretation in keeping with the meaning and 
the economic purpose of these Terms and Conditions of the Notes at the time of the issue of the Notes. Under 
circumstances in which these Terms and Conditions of the Notes prove to be incomplete, a supplementary 
interpretation in accordance with the meaning and the purpose of these Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
under due consideration of the legitimate interests of the parties involved shall be applied. 
 
§ 15 
LANGUAGE 
 
[If the Terms and Conditions are written in the German language together with an non-binding 
translation into the English language, insert: These Terms and Conditions of the Notes are written in the 
German language. An English language translation shall be provided. The German text shall be prevailing and 
binding. The English language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
[If the Terms and Conditions are written in the English language, insert: These Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes are written in the English language. [If a non-binding translation into the German language 
shall be provided, insert: A German language translation shall be provided. The English text shall be 
prevailing and binding. The German language translation is provided for convenience only.]]

--- Page 109 ---
109 
  
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
(GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION) 
 
OPTION I:  
 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN  
FÜR FESTVERZINSLICHE SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, EIGENTUM, DEFINITIONEN 
 
(1) Währung, Stückelung. Diese Tranche [Tranchen-Nummer einfügen] von Schuldverschreibungen (die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") der OMV Aktiengesellschaft, die für sich oder mit einer oder mehreren Tranchen 
gemeinsam eine "Serie" bilden kann, wird in [festgelegte Währung einfügen] (die "festgelegte Währung") 
im Gesamtnennbetrag [Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, einfügen: (vorbehaltlich § 1(6))] von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag einfügen] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten einfügen]) in einer Stückelung 
von [festgelegte Stückelung einfügen] (die "festgelegten Stückelung") begeben. 
 
[Im Fall einer Zusammenfassung der Tranche mit einer bestehenden Serie, einfügen: Diese Tranche 
[Tranchen-Nr. einfügen] wird mit der Serie [Seriennummer einfügen], ISIN [●] / WKN [●], Tranche 1 
begeben am [Valutierungstag der ersten Tranche einfügen] [Für jede weitere Tranche jeweils einfügen: 
und der Tranche [Tranchen-Nr. einfügen] begeben am [Valutierungstag dieser Tranche einfügen] dieser 
Serie] konsolidiert und formt mit dieser eine einheitliche Serie [Seriennummer einfügen]. Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Serie [Seriennummer einfügen] lautet [Gesamtnennbetrag der gesamten 
konsolidierten Serie [Seriennummer einfügen] einfügen].]  
 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber. 
 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde - Austausch. 
 
(a) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde (die "Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird gegen 
Schuldverschreibungen in den festgelegten Stückelungen, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
und die Dauerglobalurkunde (jeweils eine "Globalurkunde") tragen jeweils die eigenhändigen oder 
faksimilierten Unterschriften zweier ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und sind 
jeweils von der Emissionsstelle (wie in § 6 festgelegt) oder in deren Namen mit einer 
Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an einem Tag gegen die Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der nicht 
weniger als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt. Ein solcher 
Austausch darf nur nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen erfolgen, wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen keine 
U.S.-Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, die 
Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen auf durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist hinsichtlich einer jeden solchen Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß 
Absatz (b) dieses § 1 (3) auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 4 (3) definiert) zu 
liefern. 
 
(4) Clearing System. [Die][Jede] Globalurkunde wird solange von einem oder im Namen eines Clearing 
Systems verwahrt, bis sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
"Clearing System" bedeutet [Bei mehr als einem Clearing System einfügen: jeweils] Folgendes:

--- Page 110 ---
110 
[Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg ("CBL")] 
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear")] [CBL und Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die 
"ICSDs"] [OeKB CSD GmbH ("OeKB")] [,] [und] [anderes Clearing System angeben] oder jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, einfügen: 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, einfügen: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer new 
global note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Sicherheitsverwahrstelle (common safekeeper) 
im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine CGN ist, einfügen: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
classical global note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider 
ICSDs verwahrt.] 
 
(5) Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen. "Inhaber" bezeichnet jeden Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils oder 
anderen Rechts an den Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, einfügen: 
 
(6) 
Register 
der 
ICSDs. 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. 
Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen man die Register versteht, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den 
Betrag ihres Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis über den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu diesen 
Zwecken von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem Gesamtnennbetrag der so verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen ist ein schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt des Registers des jeweiligen ICSD zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt. 
 
Bei Rückzahlung oder Zahlung einer Rate oder einer Zinszahlung bezüglich der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei Kauf und Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. 
Kauf und Löschung bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, 
und dass nach dieser Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. 
gekauften und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen bzw. der Gesamtbetrag der so gezahlten Raten abgezogen 
wird.] 
 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, einfügen: Bei Austausch eines Anteils von 
ausschließlich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen wird die Emittentin 
sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro rata in die Aufzeichnungen der ICSDs 
aufgenommen werden.]] 
 
[(6)][(7)] Eigentum. 
 
(a) 
Der 
Inhaber 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gilt 
(soweit 
nicht 
zwingende 
Gesetzes- 
oder 
Verwaltungsbestimmungen entgegenstehen) in jeder Hinsicht als Alleineigentümer (ob fällig oder nicht 
fällig, und unabhängig von irgendwelchen Mitteilungen bezüglich des Eigentums, möglichen 
Treuhandschaften oder anderen Ansprüchen hieran oder hieraus, etwaigen Vermerken auf der Urkunde 
oder einem Diebstahl oder Verlust) und niemand kann dafür verantwortlich gemacht werden, dass er den 
Inhaber als Alleineigentümer angesehen hat. 
 
(b) Die Übertragung des Eigentums an Schuldverschreibungen geschieht durch Einigung der beteiligten 
Parteien über den Eigentumsübergang und durch die Übergabe oder auf andere Weise in 
Übereinstimmung mit den jeweils anzuwendenden Gesetzen und Vorschriften einschließlich der Regeln 
beteiligter Clearing Systeme. Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf "Inhaber" von 
Schuldverschreibungen sind Bezugnahmen auf die Inhaber solcher Schuldverschreibungen.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
[(7)][(8)] Geschäftstag. In diesen Emissionsbedingungen bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" einen Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem (i) das Clearing System und (ii) [Falls die festgelegte Währung Euro ist, 
einfügen: [TARGET (wie nachstehend definiert)] [und Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche 
relevante Finanzzentren einfügen]]] [Falls die festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, einfügen: 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen]] Zahlungen 
abwickeln. 
 
[Falls TARGET anwendbar ist, einfügen: "TARGET" bedeutet das Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer-Zahlungssystem 2 oder jedes Nachfolgesystem.] 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVERKLÄRUNG 
 
(1) Status. Die Verpflichtungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen begründen direkte, unbedingte und 
unbesicherte Verpflichtungen der Emittentin, die jederzeit gleichrangig untereinander und mindestens 
gleichrangig mit allen anderen gegenwärtigen und zukünftigen unbesicherten Verpflichtungen der Emittentin 
bestehen. Hiervon sind solche Verpflichtungen ausgenommen, die aufgrund zwingender und allgemein 
anwendbarer gesetzlicher Bestimmungen vorrangig sind. 
 
(2) Negativerklärung. Solange Schuldverschreibung ausstehen, wird die Emittentin ihre gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen Vermögenswerte nicht mit Grundpfandrechten, Pfandrechten oder sonstigen Sicherungsrechten 
zur 
Besicherung 
einer 
Maßgeblichen 
Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeit 
oder 
Garantie 
bzw. 
Freistellungsverpflichtung im Hinblick auf eine Maßgebliche Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeit belasten oder 
solche Rechte zu diesem Zweck bestehen lassen, ohne gleichzeitig oder vorher die Schuldverschreibungen auf 
gleiche Weise und anteilig damit zu besichern und die Emittentin wird dafür Sorge tragen, dass ihre 
Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften gleichermaßen ihre gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Vermögenswerte 
nicht mit Grundpfandrechten, Pfandrechten oder sonstigen Sicherungsrechten zur Besicherung einer 
Maßgeblichen Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeit oder Garantie bzw. Freistellungsverpflichtung im Hinblick auf 
eine Maßgebliche Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeit belasten oder solche Rechte zu diesem Zweck bestehen lassen, 
ohne gleichzeitig oder vorher die Schuldverschreibungen auf gleiche Weise und anteilig damit zu besichern. 
 
"Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet jede Tochtergesellschaft (wie nachfolgend definiert), auf die 
Folgendes zutrifft: 
 
(a) 
ihr (bei einen Konzernabschluss erstellenden Tochtergesellschaften: konsolidierter bzw. bei keinen 
Konzernabschluss erstellenden Tochtergesellschaften: nicht konsolidierter) Jahresüberschuss oder 
ihre (bei einen Konzernabschluss erstellenden Tochtergesellschaften: konsolidierte bzw. bei keinen 
Konzernabschluss erstellenden Tochtergesellschaften: nicht konsolidierte) Bilanzsumme beträgt 
mindestens 10% des Konzernjahresüberschusses oder gegebenenfalls der Konzern-Bilanzsumme der 
Emittentin und ihrer Tochtergesellschaften zusammengenommen. Die Berechnung erfolgt jeweils 
auf Grundlage des aktuellsten (konsolidierten bzw. nicht konsolidierten) Abschlusses der 
Tochtergesellschaft und des zu diesem Zeitpunkt aktuellsten geprüften Konzernabschlusses der 
Emittentin. Wurde eine Tochtergesellschaft nach Ablauf des Berichtszeitraums erworben, auf den 
sich der zu diesem Zeitpunkt aktuellste geprüfte Konzernabschluss der Emittentin (für die 
Anwendung der vorstehend beschriebenen Überprüfung) bezieht, so gilt die Bezugnahme auf den 
aktuellsten geprüften Konzernabschluss der Emittentin als Bezugnahme auf diesen Abschluss, so als 
wäre die entsprechende Tochtergesellschaft unter Zugrundelegung ihres zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
aktuellsten Abschlusses darin ausgewiesen (nach Anpassung durch den jeweils aktuellen 
Abschlussprüfer der Emittentin nach dessen Ermessen in Absprache mit der Emittentin); oder 
 
(b) 
die Geschäftstätigkeit, Betriebe und Vermögenswerte wurden in ihrer Gesamtheit oder im 
Wesentlichen in ihrer Gesamtheit von einer anderen Tochtergesellschaft, bei der es sich unmittelbar 
vor der Übertragung um eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft handelte, an diese Tochtergesellschaft 
übertragen, wobei (i) im Falle der Übertragung durch eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft die 
übertragende 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
umgehend 
den 
Status 
als 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft verliert und (ii) die aufnehmende Tochtergesellschaft umgehend zu einer

--- Page 112 ---
112 
Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft wird. Dabei gilt, dass an oder nach dem Zeitpunkt der 
Veröffentlichung des entsprechenden Abschlusses für den Berichtszeitraum, in dem die Übertragung 
stattfindet, die Frage, ob es sich bei der übertragenden oder der aufnehmenden Tochtergesellschaft 
jeweils um eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft handelt, gemäß den Vorgaben der vorstehenden 
Ziffer (a) zu entscheiden ist. 
 
Die in einem Bericht getroffene Feststellung durch zwei ordnungsgemäß ermächtigte Personen der Emittentin, 
dass es sich bei einer Tochtergesellschaft ihrer Auffassung nach (gegebenenfalls unter Vornahme ihnen 
angemessen erscheinender Anpassungen) zu einem gegebenen Zeitpunkt oder während eines gegebenen 
Zeitraums um eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft handelt(e) oder nicht um eine solche handelte, ist (außer 
im Falle offensichtlicher Fehler) endgültig und bindend für die Emittentin und die Inhaber. 
 
"Maßgebliche Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeiten" bezeichnet jegliche Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeiten in Form 
von (oder verbrieft durch) Anleihen, Schuldverschreibungen, Schuldtitel, festverzinsliche Schuldtitel oder 
sonstige Wertpapiere, soweit sie an einer Börse oder im Freiverkehr oder in einem anderen Wertpapiermarkt 
notiert, zugelassen oder gehandelt werden oder notiert, zugelassen oder gehandelt werden können oder deren 
Notierung, Zulassung oder Handel beabsichtigt ist. 
 
"Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet einen Rechtsträger, dessen Abschluss aufgrund gesetzlicher Vorgaben oder 
nach Maßgabe allgemein anerkannter Rechnungslegungsgrundsätze zu einem beliebigen Zeitpunkt mit dem 
der Emittentin zu konsolidieren ist (Vollkonsolidierung). 
 
"ausstehend" bezeichnet in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen alle begebenen Schuldverschreibungen, mit 
Ausnahme (a) derjenigen, die gemäß diesen Emissionsbedingungen zurückgezahlt wurden, (b) derjenigen, für 
die der Rückzahlungstag eingetreten ist und die Rückzahlungsgelder (einschließlich aller bis zu dem Tag 
dieser Rückzahlung angefallenen Zinsen sowie aller nach diesem Tag gemäß diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
zu zahlenden Zinsen) ordnungsgemäß an die Emissionsstelle gezahlt wurden und weiterhin zur Auszahlung 
gegen Vorlage und Einreichung von Schuldverschreibungen zur Verfügung stehen, (c) derjenigen, in Bezug 
auf welche Ansprüche nichtig geworden sind, (d) derjenigen, die gemäß diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
erworben und eingezogen wurden, (e) derjenigen Schuldverschreibungen, die beschädigt wurden oder 
unbrauchbar geworden sind und im Tausch gegen Ersatz-Schuldverschreibungen eingereicht wurden, (f) 
(lediglich zur Ermittlung, wie viele Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen und bei wie vielen der Status nicht für 
andere Zwecke beeinträchtigt ist) derjenigen Schuldverschreibungen, die für verloren, gestohlen oder zerstört 
erklärt wurden und für die Ersatz-Schuldverschreibungen ausgegeben wurden, sowie (g) der Vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde, soweit diese gemäß ihren Bestimmungen gegen die Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht wurde, 
und der Dauerglobalurkunde, soweit diese gemäß ihren Bestimmungen gegen Einzelurkunden ausgetauscht 
wurde. 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
 
(1) Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage. Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Höhe ihres Nennbetrages verzinst, 
und zwar vom [Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] (der "Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 Absatz 1 definiert) (ausschließlich) mit jährlich [Zinssatz einfügen]%. 
 
Die Zinsen sind nachträglich am [Festzinstermin(e) einfügen] eines jeden Jahres, vorbehaltlich einer 
Anpassung gemäß § 4 Absatz 5, zahlbar (jeweils ein "Zinszahlungstag"). Die erste Zinszahlung erfolgt am 
[ersten Zinszahlungstag einfügen]) vorbehaltlich einer Anpassung gem. § 4 Absatz 5 [sofern der erste 
Zinszahlungstag nicht der erste Jahrestag des Verzinsungsbeginns ist, einfügen: und beläuft sich auf 
[anfänglichen Bruchteilszinsbetrag pro festgelegte Stückelung einfügen] je Schuldverschreibung].  
 
[Sofern der Fälligkeitstag kein Festzinstermin ist, einfügen: Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum vom [den letzten 
dem Fälligkeitstag vorausgehenden Festzinstermin einfügen] (einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) belaufen sich auf [abschließenden Bruchteilzinsbetrag pro festgelegte Stückelung 
einfügen] je Schuldverschreibung.]

--- Page 113 ---
113 
[Im Fall von Actual/Actual (ICMA) einfügen: Die Anzahl der Feststellungstermine im Kalenderjahr 
(jeweils ein "Feststellungstermin") beträgt [Anzahl der regulären Zinszahlungstage im Kalenderjahr 
einfügen].] 
 
(2) Zinslauf. Der Zinslauf der Schuldverschreibungen endet an dem Tag, der dem Tag vorangeht, an dem sie 
zur Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, 
endet die Verzinsung des ausstehenden Nennbetrages der Schuldverschreibungen nicht an dem Tag, der dem 
Tag der Fälligkeit vorangeht, sondern erst an dem Tag, der dem Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen vorangeht. Weitergehende Ansprüche der Inhaber bleiben unberührt. 
 
(3) Unterjährige Berechnung der Zinsen. Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum von weniger als einem Jahr zu 
berechnen sind, erfolgt die Berechnung auf der Grundlage des Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend definiert). 
 
(4) Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung des Zinsbetrages auf 
eine Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/Actual (ICMA) einfügen: 
 
1. 
Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, bei denen die Anzahl der Tage in der betreffenden Periode ab dem 
letzten Zinszahlungstag (oder, wenn es keinen solchen gibt, ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn) (jeweils 
einschließlich desselben) bis zum betreffenden Zahlungstag (ausschließlich desselben) (der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum") kürzer ist als die Feststellungsperiode (wie nachfolgend definiert) in die 
das Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt oder ihr entspricht, die Anzahl der Tage in dem 
betreffenden Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch das Produkt (1) der Anzahl der Tage in der 
Feststellungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl der Feststellungstermine (wie in § 3 Absatz 1 angegeben) in 
einem Kalenderjahr; oder 
 
2. 
Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, bei denen der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger ist als die 
Feststellungsperiode, in die das Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt, die Summe 
 
- 
der Anzahl der Tage in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die Feststellungsperiode fallen, in 
welcher der Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt durch das Produkt (1) der Anzahl der Tage in 
der Feststellungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl der Feststellungstermine (wie in § 3 Absatz 1 
angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr; und 
 
- 
der Anzahl der Tage in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die nächste Feststellungsperiode fallen, 
geteilt durch das Produkt (1) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser Feststellungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl 
der Feststellungstermine (wie in § 3 Absatz 1 angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr. 
 
"Feststellungsperiode" ist die Periode ab einem Zinszahlungstag oder, wenn es keinen solchen gibt, ab dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn (jeweils einschließlich desselben) bis zum nächsten oder ersten Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich desselben).] 
 
[Im Fall von 30/360 einfügen: die Anzahl von Tagen in der Periode ab dem letzten Zinszahlungstag (oder 
wenn es keinen solchen gibt, ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn) (jeweils einschließlich desselben) bis zum 
betreffenden Zahlungstag (ausschließlich desselben) (wobei die Zahl der Tage auf der Basis von 12 Monaten 
zu jeweils 30 Tagen berechnet wird), geteilt durch 360.] 
 
[Im Fall von ACT/ACT (ISDA) oder Actual/365 einfügen: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 (oder falls ein Teil des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes in ein 
Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe von (A) der tatsächlichen Anzahl von Tagen in dem Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die in das Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 366 und (B) die tatsächliche Anzahl 
von Tagen in dem Teil des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die nicht in ein Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 365).] 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 (Fixed) einfügen: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 365.]

--- Page 114 ---
114 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 einfügen: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert 
durch 360.] 
 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis einfügen: die Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines Monats, während der erste Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 30. noch auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, wobei in diesem Fall 
der den letzten Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder 
(B) der letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis einfügen: die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 12 
Monaten zu 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder letzten Tages 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei denn, der Fälligkeitstag des letzten Zinsberechnungszeitraums ist der 
letzte Tag des Monats Februar, wobei in diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter 
Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
(1) (a) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen von Kapital auf die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen nach Maßgabe 
des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) an das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems gegen Vorlage und (außer im Fall von Teilzahlungen) 
Einreichung der Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt der Zahlung verbriefenden Globalurkunde bei der 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
 
(b) Zahlungen von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe von 
Absatz 2 an das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
erfolgt nach Maßgabe von Absatz (2) an das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems, und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung 
gemäß § 1 Absatz 3 (b). 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen und 
Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in der frei handelbaren und 
konvertierbaren Währung, die am entsprechenden Fälligkeitstag die Währung des Staates der festgelegten 
Währung ist. 
 
(3) Vereinigte Staaten. Für die Zwecke des § 1 Absatz (3) und des Absatzes 1 dieses § 4 bezeichnet 
"Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und des 
"District of Columbia") sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Ricos, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands) und Besitzungen und sonstigen ihrer 
Jurisdiktion unterliegenden Gebiete.  
 
(4) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearing System oder dessen Order von 
ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
(5) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der 
kein Zahltag ist, dann: 
 
[Bei Anwendung der Modifizierte Folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention einfügen: hat der Inhaber keinen 
Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächstfolgenden Zahltag, es sei denn jener würde dadurch in den nächsten

--- Page 115 ---
115 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden 
Geschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
 
[Bei Anwendung der Folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention einfügen: hat der Inhaber keinen Anspruch vor 
dem nachfolgenden Zahltag.] 
 
[Bei Anwendung der Vorangegangener Geschäftstag-Konvention einfügen: wird der Zahltag auf den 
unmittelbar vorausgehenden Zahltag vorgezogen.] 
 
[Falls keine Anpassung erfolgt einfügen: Falls eine Zahlung wie oben beschrieben verschoben wird, erfolgt 
keine Anpassung des zu zahlenden Betrags sowie des jeweiligen Zinszahlungstags.] 
 
[Falls eine Anpassung erfolgt einfügen: Falls eine Zahlung wie oben beschrieben verschoben wird, erfolgt 
eine entsprechende Anpassung des zu zahlenden Zinsbetrags sowie des jeweiligen Zinszahlungstags.] 
 
Der Inhaber ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund verspäteter Zahlung zu 
verlangen. 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem (i) das 
Clearing System und (ii) [Falls die festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, einfügen: Geschäftsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche relevante Finanzzentren einfügen]] [Falls die festgelegte Währung Euro ist, 
einfügen: [TARGET] [und Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche relevante Finanzzentren 
einfügen]]] Zahlungen abwickeln. 
 
(6) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf Kapital der 
Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, die folgenden Beträge ein: den Rückzahlungsbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen; den vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen; [Falls die 
Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen aus anderen als steuerlichen Gründen 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, einfügen: den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) der Schuldverschreibungen;] 
[Falls der Inhaber ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, einfügen: den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der Schuldverschreibungen;] sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder 
in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge. Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
auf Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren 
zusätzlichen Beträge ein. 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt oder 
angekauft und entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am [Fälligkeitstag 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Fälligkeitstag") 
zurückgezahlt. 
Der 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht ihrer festgelegten Stückelung. 
 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen können insgesamt, jedoch 
nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 Tagen 
gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und gemäß § 12 gegenüber den Inhabern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu ihrem 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) zuzüglich bis zum für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin als Folge einer Änderung 
oder Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften der Republik Österreich oder deren 
politischen Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der 
Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt diese Änderung 
oder Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche dieser Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben wird, wirksam) am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (wie in § 3 Absatz 1 
definiert) zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen gemäß § 7 Absatz 1 verpflichtet sein wird.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § 12 zu erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den für die Rückzahlung 
festgelegten Termin nennen und eine zusammenfassende Erklärung enthalten, die das Rückzahlungsrecht der 
Emittentin begründenden Umstände darlegt. 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, 
einfügen: 
 
(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, unter Einhaltung einer Ankündigungsfrist von 15 Geschäftstagen gegenüber der 
Emissionsstelle und nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
[insgesamt] [oder] [teilweise] [am Wahl-Rückzahlungstag] [an den Wahl-Rückzahlungstagen] (Call) 
[zum Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag] [zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbeträgen] (Call), wie nachstehend 
angegeben, nebst etwaigen bis zum betreffenden Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. [Bei Geltung eines Mindestrückzahlungsbetrages oder eines 
erhöhten Rückzahlungsbetrages einfügen: Eine solche Rückzahlung muss in Höhe eines 
Nennbetrages 
von 
[mindestens 
[Mindestrückzahlungsbetrag 
einfügen]] 
[erhöhten 
Rückzahlungsbetrag einfügen] erfolgen.] 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Call) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) einfügen] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Call) 
einfügen] 
 
[Falls der Inhaber ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, einfügen: Der 
Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits 
der Inhaber in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz [(3)][(4)] dieses § 5 verlangt hat.] 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Inhabern der Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin gemäß § 12 
bekanntzugeben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Tranche bzw. Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Tranche bzw. Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der nicht weniger als [Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen] und 
nicht mehr als [Höchstkündigungsfrist einfügen] Tage nach dem Tag der Kündigung durch die 
Emittentin gegenüber den Inhabern liegen darf; und 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
(c) 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen nach den Regeln des betreffenden Clearing Systems ausgewählt. [Im Fall einer 
Emission von Schuldverschreibungen in NGN Form einfügen: und eine solche Rückzahlung wird 
nach freiem Ermessen von CBL und Euroclear entweder als Pool Faktor (pool factor) oder als 
Reduzierung des Gesamtnennbetrages in den Aufzeichnungen von CBL und/oder Euroclear reflektiert]. 
 
[Falls der Inhaber ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, einfügen: 
 
[(3)][(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Inhabers. 
 
(a) 
Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldverschreibung nach Ausübung des entsprechenden Wahlrechts durch den 
Inhaber [am Wahl-Rückzahlungstag] [an den Wahl-Rückzahlungstagen] (Put) [zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag] [zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbeträgen] (Put), wie nachstehend angegeben, nebst 
etwaigen bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Put) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put) einfügen] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Put) 
einfügen] 
 
Dem Inhaber steht das Recht zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung oder das Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung ihres Wahlrechts nach diesem 
§ 5 verlangt hat. 
 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Inhaber nicht weniger als [Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen, 
die nicht weniger als 10 betragen darf] Tage und nicht mehr als [Höchstkündigungsfrist einfügen] 
Tage vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die Rückzahlung gemäß der Ausübungserklärung 
(wie nachstehend definiert) erfolgen soll, bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle 
während der normalen Geschäftszeiten eine ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllte Mitteilung zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung, ("Ausübungserklärung"), wie sie von der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle erhältlich ist, zu hinterlegen. Die Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen 
werden. Um das Recht, Rückzahlung verlangen zu können, auszuüben, muss der Inhaber dann, wenn die 
Schuldverschreibungen über Euroclear oder CBL gehalten werden, innerhalb der Kündigungsfrist die 
Emissionsstelle über eine solche Rechtsausübung in Übereinstimmung mit den Richtlinien von 
Euroclear und CBL in einer für Euroclear und CBL im Einzelfall akzeptablen Weise in Kenntnis setzen 
(wobei diese Richtlinien vorsehen können, dass die Emissionsstelle auf Weisung des Inhabers von 
Euroclear oder CBL oder einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle in elektronischer Form über die 
Rechtsausübung in Kenntnis gesetzt wird).] 
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen im Falle eines Kontrollwechsels vorzeitig kündbar sind, einfügen: 
 
[(3)][(4)][(5)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aufgrund eines Kontrollwechsels. 
 
(a) Für den Fall, dass ein Kontrollwechselereignis (wie nachfolgend definiert) eintritt: 
 
(i) erhält jeder Gläubiger das Recht, von der Emittentin durch Erklärung eines Rückzahlungsverlangens 
(das "Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsverlagen") zum Stichtag (wie nachstehend unter Absatz (a)(ii)(B) 
definiert) die Rückzahlung seiner Schuldverschreibungen, deren vorzeitige Rückzahlung nicht bereits 
auf andere Weise erklärt worden ist, ganz oder teilweise, zu deren festgelegter Stückelung 
einschließlich Zinsen bis zum Stichtag (ausschließlich) zu verlangen. Jedes Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsverlagen muss der Emissionsstelle nicht weniger als 30 Tage vor dem Stichtag 
zugehen; und 
 
(ii) wird die Emittentin (A) unmittelbar nachdem sie von dem Kontrollwechselereignis Kenntnis erlangt 
hat, dies gemäß § 12 unverzüglich bekannt machen, und (B) einen Zeitpunkt für die Zwecke des 
Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsverlangens (der "Stichtag") bestimmen und diesen gemäß § 12 bekannt 
machen. Der Stichtag muss ein Geschäftstag sein und darf nicht weniger als 60 und nicht mehr als 90 
Tage nach der gemäß Absatz (a)(ii)(A) erfolgten Bekanntmachung des Kontrollwechselereignisses 
liegen. 
 
(b) Das Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsverlangen ist in Textform gegenüber der Emissionsstelle zu erklären und 
an deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu übermitteln. Dem Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsverlangen ist ein 
Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem sich ergibt, dass der betreffende Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe 
des Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsverlangens Inhaber der betreffenden Schuldverschreibung ist. Der 
Nachweis kann durch eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank (wie in § 13 Absatz (4) definiert) oder auf 
andere geeignete Weise erbracht werden. Ein Vorzeitiges Rückzahlungsverlangen ist unwiderruflich. 
 
(c) Ein "Kontrollwechselereignis" tritt ein, wenn: 
 
(i) 
(1) die Emittentin vom betreffenden Aktionär Informationen erhält über (A) die Erlangung einer 
kontrollierenden Beteiligung nach § 22b des österreichischen Übernahmegesetzes (ÜbG) 
und/oder (B) die Erlangung einer kontrollierenden Beteiligung nach § 22 Abs. 1 ÜbG, (2) durch

--- Page 118 ---
118 
ein österreichisches Gericht oder eine österreichische Verwaltungsbehörde ein endgültiges und 
verbindliches Urteil über die Erlangung einer kontrollierenden Beteiligung an der Emittentin 
nach § 22 Abs. 1 oder § 22b ÜbG ergeht, (3) ein Übernahmeangebot zum Erwerb der 
kontrollierenden Beteiligung nach § 25a ÜbG erfolgreich abgeschlossen wurde, oder (4) die 
Emittentin alle oder im Wesentlichen alle ihre Vermögenswerte an eine Person oder Personen 
überträgt, bei denen es sich nicht um eine oder mehrere hundertprozentige Tochtergesellschaften 
der Emittentin handelt (wobei jedes dieser Ereignisse als "Kontrollwechsel" bezeichnet wird; 
Änderungen im Syndikat der Kernaktionäre (etwa Anteilsverschiebungen, Beitritt von Dritten) 
gelten nicht als Kontrollwechsel, solange die Kernaktionäre Österreichische Beteiligungs AG 
oder ihre Rechtsnachfolger oder eine sonstige Gesellschaft, die direkt oder indirekt von der 
Republik Österreich kontrolliert wird, und Mubadala Petroleum and Petrochemicals Holding 
Company L.L.C. oder Mubadala Investment Company PJSC oder deren jeweilige 
Rechtsnachfolger oder jede andere von der Regierung von Abu Dhabi direkt oder indirekt 
kontrollierte Gesellschaft jeweils einzeln oder gemeinsam mehr als 30% des Grundkapitals der 
Emittentin halten); und 
 
(ii) 
an dem Tag (der "Maßgebliche Bekanntgabetag"), bei dem es sich um den früheren der 
folgenden Tage handelt: (1) dem Tag der ersten öffentlichen Bekanntgabe des jeweiligen 
Kontrollwechsels und (2) dem Tag der frühesten Maßgeblichen Bekanntgabe des Möglichen 
Kontrollwechsels (wie nachstehend definiert), die Schuldverschreibungen: 
 
(A) über ein Investment-Grade-Rating (Baa3/BBB- oder ein entsprechendes oder besseres 
Kreditrating) einer beliebigen Ratingagentur (wie nachstehend definiert) verfügen und 
dieses Rating innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums entweder auf ein Rating unterhalb 
von Investment Grade (Ba1/BB+ oder ein entsprechendes oder schlechteres Rating) 
herabgestuft (das "Nicht-Investment-Grade-Rating") oder zurückgenommen wird und 
nicht innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums durch diese Ratingagentur wieder auf 
Investment Grade angehoben wird; oder 
 
(B) über ein Nicht-Investment-Grade-Rating einer beliebigen Ratingagentur verfügen und 
dieses Rating innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums entweder um einen oder mehrere 
Ratingstufen herabgestuft (beispielsweise wäre eine Herabstufung von Ba1 auf Ba2 eine 
Herabstufung um eine Ratingstufe) oder zurückgenommen wird und nicht innerhalb des 
Kontrollwechselzeitraums wieder auf mindestens das Kreditrating angehoben wird, über das 
die Schuldverschreibungen unmittelbar vor dieser Herabstufung durch die jeweilige 
Ratingagentur verfügten; oder 
 
(C) nicht über ein Rating durch eine beliebige Ratingagentur verfügen, und es der Emittentin 
nicht möglich ist, bis zum Ende des Kontrollwechselzeitraums ein Rating von mindestens 
Investment Grade zu erhalten; und 
 
(iii) 
die jeweilige Ratingagentur bei ihrer Entscheidung zur Herabstufung oder Zurücknahme eines 
Kreditratings gemäß den obigen Ziffern (ii)(A) und (ii)(B) öffentlich bekannt gibt oder schriftlich 
bestätigt, dass diese Entscheidung(en) ganz oder teilweise aufgrund des Eintritts des 
Kontrollwechsels oder der Maßgeblichen Bekanntgabe des Möglichen Kontrollwechsels 
erfolgte(n). 
 
(iv) 
verwenden Moody's, Standard & Poor's oder Fitch andere Ratingstufen als die oben unter (ii) 
genannten, oder wird ein Rating von einer Ersatz-Ratingagentur erhalten, so hat die Emittentin 
diejenigen Ratingstufen von Moody's, Standard & Poor's oder Fitch bzw. dieser Ersatz-
Ratingagentur zu ermitteln, die den vorherigen Ratingstufen von Moody's, Standard & Poor's 
oder Fitch am genausten entsprechen. 
 
(d) "Kontrollwechselzeitraum" bezeichnet den Zeitraum ab dem Maßgeblichen Bekanntgabetag bis 90 
Tage nach dem Kontrollwechsel (oder einen längeren Zeitraum, innerhalb dessen in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen eine Überprüfung des Ratings oder gegebenenfalls die Zuteilung eines Ratings 
durch eine Ratingagentur erwogen wird (wobei diese Erwägung innerhalb des Zeitraums öffentlich

--- Page 119 ---
119 
gemacht wurde, der 90 Tage nach dem Kontrollwechsel endet), der jedoch eine Dauer von 60 Tagen 
nach der öffentlichen Bekanntgabe dieser Erwägung nicht überschreiten darf). 
 
(e) 
"Kontrolle" bezeichnet das Direktionsrecht gegenüber der Geschäftsführung einer Tochtergesellschaft 
sowie das Recht, Entscheidungen in grundsätzlichen Angelegenheiten dieser Tochtergesellschaft zu 
treffen (einschließlich des Rechts zur Ernennung eines etwaigen Vorstands oder vergleichbaren Organs 
und/oder eines etwaigen Aufsichtsrats), gleich ob dies auf Stimmrechten, satzungsmäßigen Rechten, 
Rechten aus Gesellschafterverträgen, Rechten aus dem Vertragsrecht oder dem allgemein geltenden 
Recht oder auf anderen Umständen beruht. 
 
(f) 
"Person" bezeichnet eine natürliche Person, eine Gesellschaft, eine Kapitalgesellschaft, ein 
Unternehmen, eine Personengesellschaft, ein Joint Venture, einen Betrieb, eine Personenvereinigung, 
eine Organisation, ein Treuhandvermögen (trust), einen Staat oder eine Behörde eines Staates, jeweils 
gleich ob es sich dabei um einen eigenständigen Rechtsträger handelt. 
 
(g) "Ratingagentur" bezeichnet Moody's Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody's"), Standard & Poor′s Rating 
Services, ein Unternehmen von The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. ("Standard & Poor's") oder Fitch 
Ratings Ltd. ("Fitch") oder ihre jeweiligen Rechtsnachfolger oder jede andere Ratingagentur mit 
vergleichbarem internationalem Ruf, durch die die Emittentin sie jeweils ersetzt (eine "Ersatz-
Ratingagentur"). 
 
(h) "Maßgebliche Bekanntgabe des Möglichen Kontrollwechsels" bezeichnet eine öffentliche 
Bekanntgabe oder Erklärung der Emittentin, eines tatsächlichen oder potenziellen Bieters oder eines 
Beraters, der für einen tatsächlichen oder potenziellen Bieter handelt, in Bezug auf einen möglichen 
Kontrollwechsel, wenn innerhalb von 180 Tagen nach dem Tag dieser Bekanntgabe oder Erklärung ein 
Kontrollwechsel eintritt. 
 
(i) 
"Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet eine Gesellschaft, an der die Emittentin eine mittelbare oder 
unmittelbare Kontrolle ausübt. 
 
[(3)][(4)][(5)][(6)] Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
 
Für die Zwecke von Absatz (2) dieses § 5 und § 9, entspricht der vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag einer 
Schuldverschreibung dem Rückzahlungsbetrag (der "vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag").] 
 
 § 6 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE UND DIE ZAHLSTELLE[N]  
 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Die anfänglich bestellte Emissionsstelle und die Zahlstelle[n] und 
deren anfänglich bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen lauten wie folgt: 
 
Emissionsstelle: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland 
 
Zahlstelle[n]: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland

--- Page 120 ---
120 
[andere Zahlstellen und bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen einfügen, wenn Schuldverschreibungen via OeKB 
oder einem anderen Clearing System begeben werden]] 
 
Die Emissionsstelle und die Zahlstelle[n] behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle durch eine andere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, die Bestellung der 
Emissionsstelle oder einer Zahlstelle zu ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere Emissionsstelle oder 
zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird jederzeit (i) eine Emissionsstelle 
unterhalten [,] [und] (ii) eine Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle außerhalb der Europäischen Union 
unterhalten [,] [und] [[(iii)] eine Zahlstelle (die die Emissionsstelle sein kann) mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle 
in einer kontinentaleuropäischen Stadt unterhalten] [,] [und] [(iii)][(iv)] eine Zahlstelle (die die 
Emissionsstelle sein kann) mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle innerhalb der Republik Österreich unterhalten [Im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer Börse notiert sind, einfügen:[,] [und] [(iii)][(iv)][(v)] 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen an der [Name der Börse] notiert sind, eine Zahlstelle (die die 
Emissionsstelle sein kann) mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in [Sitz der Börse] und/oder an solchen anderen 
Orten unterhalten, die die Regeln dieser Börse verlangen] [Im Fall von Zahlungen in U.S.-Dollar einfügen: 
und [(iii)][(iv)][(v)][(vi)] falls Zahlungen bei den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb 
der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 4 Absatz 3 definiert) aufgrund der Einführung von Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder ähnlichen Beschränkungen hinsichtlich oder vollständigen Zahlung oder des Empfangs der 
entsprechenden Beträge in U.S.-Dollar widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich ausgeschlossen werden, eine Zahlstelle 
mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New York City unterhalten]. Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder 
ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam 
wird), sofern die Inhaber hierüber gemäß § 12 vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 30 und nicht 
mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die Emissionsstelle und die Zahlstelle[n] handeln ausschließlich als 
Beauftragte der Emittentin und übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Inhabern; es wird kein 
Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Inhabern begründet. 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
 
(1) Steuern. Alle in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge (Kapital, Zinsen und 
zusätzliche Beträge) sind ohne Einbehalt an der Quelle oder Abzug an der Quelle von irgendwelchen 
gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben gleich welcher Art, die von oder in der 
Republik Österreich oder irgendeiner ihrer Gebietskörperschaften oder Behörden mit Steuerhoheit erhoben 
werden ("Quellensteuer"), zu zahlen, es sei denn, die Quellensteuer ist kraft Gesetzes oder einer sonstigen 
Rechtsvorschrift abzuziehen oder einzubehalten und an die zuständigen Behörden abzuführen. In diesem Fall 
trägt die Emittentin vorbehaltlich des Absatzes 2 diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge, die erforderlich sind, dass 
die von jedem Inhaber zu empfangenden Nettobeträge nach einem solchen Abzug oder Einbehalt von 
Quellensteuer den Beträgen entsprechen, die der Inhaber ohne einen solchen Abzug oder Einbehalt von 
Quellensteuer erhalten hätte.  
 
(2) Keine zusätzlichen Beträge. Die Emittentin ist jedoch zur Zahlung zusätzlicher Beträge wegen solcher 
Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben nicht verpflichtet: 
 
(a) 
denen der Inhaber der Schuldverschreibungen aus irgendeinem anderen Grund als der bloßen Tatsache 
unterliegt, dass er Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen ist und zwar insbesondere, wenn der Inhaber von 
Schuldverschreibungen aufgrund einer persönlichen unbeschränkten oder beschränkten Steuerpflicht 
derartigen Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben unterliegt; oder 
 
[(b) denen der Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen nicht unterläge, wenn er seine Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. Zinsansprüche innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem jeweiligen Fälligkeitstag oder nach dem 
maßgeblichen Tag, wie unten definiert, der jeweiligen Zahlstelle i.S.v. § 6 zur Zahlung vorgelegt bzw. 
geltend gemacht hätte; oder]

--- Page 121 ---
121 
[(b)][(c)] die von einer Zahlstelle in einem Land abgezogen oder einbehalten werden, wenn eine andere 
Zahlstelle in einem anderen Land die Zahlung ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug hätte leisten 
können; oder 
 
[(c)][(d)] die auf andere Weise als durch Einbehalt an der Quelle oder Abzug an der Quelle aus Zahlungen von 
Kapital oder etwaigen Zinsen zu entrichten sind; oder 
 
[[(d)][(e)] 
die nur abgezogen und einbehalten werden, weil die Schuldverschreibungen effektiv zur 
Einlösung am Schalter vorgelegt werden; oder] 
 
[(d)][(e)][(f)] 
denen der Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen deshalb unterliegt, weil er in der Republik 
Österreich ansässig ist oder weil er andere persönliche oder geschäftliche Verbindungen zu diesen 
Ländern hat und nicht lediglich aufgrund der Tatsache, dass Zahlungen gemäß diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen aus der Republik Österreich stammen oder steuerlich so behandelt werden; oder 
 
[[(e)][(f)][(g)] 
wenn irgendwelche Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben nur deshalb erhoben oder an der 
Quelle abgezogen werden, weil der Inhaber der Schuldverschreibungen oder der aus einer 
Schuldverschreibung wirtschaftlich Berechtigte es versäumt hat, irgendwelche Anforderungen 
(einschließlich die Verpflichtung zur Beibringung notwendiger Formulare und/oder anderer Unterlagen) 
aus einem Gesetz, einem Vertrag, einer Bestimmung oder einer administrativen Regelung der 
Steuergesetzgebung, aufgrund dessen er einen Anspruch auf Erlass der gesamten Steuer, Gebühr oder 
Abgabe oder eines Teils davon gehabt hätte, zu erfüllen, soweit eine solche Erfüllung als eine 
Vorbedingung vorausgesetzt wird, um von solchen Steuern, Gebühren, Pflichten, einem solchen 
Bescheid oder Abgabe abgeholfen oder befreit zu werden; oder] 
 
[(e)][(f)][(g)][(h)] die auf Grundlage der EU-Zinsrichtlinie betreffend die Einführung des EU-weiten 
Informationsaustauschs und die Besteuerung von Zinseinkünften in der vom Rat der Europäischen 
Union am 3. Juni 2003 erlassenen Fassung, oder aufgrund irgendeines Gesetzes oder einer 
Rechtsvorschrift, welche(s) diese Richtlinie beziehungsweise die in der Sitzung des ECOFIN-Rates vom 
13. Dezember 2001 erzielten Ergebnisse umsetzt oder deren Anforderungen erfüllt, oder welches 
erlassen wird, um dieser Richtlinie zu entsprechen, auf eine Zahlung an eine natürliche Person erhoben 
werden; oder 
 
[(f)][(g)][(h)][(i)] jede Kombination der Absätze (a), [(b),] [(b)][(c)], [(c)][(d)], [[(d)][(e)],] [(d)][(e)][(f)], 
[[(e)][(f)][(g)],] und [(e)][(f)][(g)][(h)]. 
 
Außerdem sind zusätzliche Beträge nicht im Hinblick auf Zahlungen unter den Schuldverschreibungen an 
solche Gläubiger zu zahlen, die Treuhänder oder Personengesellschaften sind bzw. nicht wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer im Hinblick auf eine solche Zahlung sind, sofern eine solche Zahlung nach den Gesetzen der 
Republik Österreich, unter Steuerzwecken bei der Berücksichtigung des Einkommens eines Berechtigten oder 
Errichters eines Trusts oder des Gesellschafter einer solchen Personengesellschaft oder eines wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümers zu berücksichtigen wäre, die nicht zum Erhalt zusätzlicher Beträge berechtigt wären, wenn ein 
solcher Berechtigter, Errichter eines Trusts, Gesellschafter einer Personengesellschaft oder wirtschaftlicher 
Eigentümer Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen gewesen wäre. 
 
(3) Maßgeblicher Tag. Der "maßgebliche Tag" im Sinne dieser Emissionsbedingungen ist der Tag, an dem 
eine solche Zahlung zuerst fällig wird. Wenn jedoch die betreffende Zahlstelle die volle Summe der zu 
zahlenden Beträge nicht am oder vor dem jeweiligen Zahltag ordnungsgemäß erhalten hat, dann ist der 
maßgebliche Tag der Tag, an dem die betreffende Zahlstelle die volle Summe der zu zahlenden Beträge 
erhalten hat und eine Mitteilung hierüber gemäß § 12 an die Inhaber der Schuldverschreibungen 
ordnungsgemäß übermittelt wurde. 
 
§ 8 
HINTERLEGUNG, VORLEGUNGSFRIST, VERJÄHRUNGSFRIST 
 
(1) Hinterlegung. Die Emittentin kann die von Inhabern von Schuldverschreibungen innerhalb von zwölf 
Monaten nach Fälligkeit nicht geltend gemachten Beträge an Kapital und etwaigen Zinsen auf Gefahr und

--- Page 122 ---
122 
Kosten dieser Inhaber der Schuldverschreibungen beim Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main unter Verzicht auf 
das Recht der Rücknahme hinterlegen, auch wenn die Inhaber sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. Mit der 
Hinterlegung unter Verzicht auf das Recht der Rücknahme erlischt jeglicher Anspruch dieser Inhaber der 
Schuldverschreibungen gegen die Emittentin und für die Erfüllung von deren Verbindlichkeiten haftende 
Dritte. 
 
(2) Vorlegungsfrist. Die Vorlegungsfrist gemäß § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB wird auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
 
(3) Verjährungsfrist. Die Verjährungsfrist für während der Vorlegungsfrist zur Zahlung vorgelegte 
Schuldverschreibungen beträgt zwei Jahre beginnend mit dem Ablauf der jeweiligen Vorlegungsfrist.  
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNGSGRÜNDE 
 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen ist berechtigt, seine sämtlichen 
Forderungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen durch Kündigung gegenüber der Emissionsstelle fällig zu stellen 
und Rückzahlung des vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrages zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Tage der Rückzahlung 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, wenn 
 
(a) 
die Emittentin, gleichgültig aus welchen Gründen, (i) Kapital innerhalb von sieben Tagen nach dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag oder (ii) etwaige Zinsen aus den Schuldverschreibungen einschließlich 
etwaiger gemäß § 7 Absatz 1 zu zahlender zusätzlicher Beträge, innerhalb von 14 Tagen nach dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag nicht zahlt; oder 
 
(b) die Emittentin, gleichgültig aus welchen Gründen, mit der Erfüllung einer anderen Verpflichtung aus 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen länger als 30 Tage nachdem die Emissionsstelle eine schriftliche 
Mitteilung von einem Inhaber erhalten hat in Rückstand kommt; oder 
 
(c) 
(i) sonstige gegenwärtige oder zukünftige Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeiten der Emittentin oder einer ihrer 
Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften (gemäß der Definition in § 2 (2)) für oder in Bezug auf 
aufgenommene Gelder aufgrund eines tatsächlichen oder möglichen Verzugs, Kündigungsgrunds oder 
ähnlichem Umstand (gleich wie dieser beschrieben ist) vor der angegebenen Fälligkeit zur Zahlung fällig 
werden oder (ii) die Zahlung entsprechender Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeiten nicht bei Fälligkeit bzw. 
innerhalb einer etwaigen Nachfrist erfolgt oder (iii) die Emittentin oder eine ihrer Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften (gemäß der Definition in § 2 (2)) einen Betrag, der unter einer bestehenden oder 
zukünftigen Garantie oder Freistellungserklärung im Zusammenhang mit Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeiten 
für oder in Bezug auf aufgenommene Gelder zu zahlen ist, bei Fälligkeit nicht zahlt, wobei die 
Gesamthöhe der entsprechenden Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeiten, Garantien und Freistellungen, in Bezug 
auf die eines oder mehrere der in dieser Ziffer (c) genannten Ereignisse eingetreten sind, 
EUR 100.000.000 (oder den entsprechenden Gegenwert auf Basis des an dem Tag, für den dieser Absatz 
gilt, durch eine führende Bank quotierten Kassamittelkurses der jeweiligen Fremdwährung gegenüber 
dem Euro) übersteigt oder diesem Betrag entsprechen muss; oder 
 
(d) hinsichtlich eines Teils des Vermögens, der Vermögenswerte oder Einkünfte der Emittentin oder einer 
ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften (gemäß der Definition in § 2 (2)) ein dinglicher Arrest, eine 
Beschlagnahme, eine Zwangsvollstreckung oder ein sonstiges rechtliches Verfahren eingeleitet, 
durchgeführt oder vollstreckt und nicht innerhalb von dreißig Tagen aufgegeben oder zurückgenommen 
wird; oder 
 
(e) 
durch die Emittentin oder eine ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften (gemäß der Definition in 
§ 2 (2)) bestellte oder übernommene gegenwärtige oder zukünftige Grundpfandrechte, Pfandrechte oder 
sonstige Belastungen im Gegenwert eines EUR 50.000.000 (oder den entsprechenden Gegenwert auf 
Basis des an dem Tag, für den dieser Absatz gilt, durch eine führende Bank quotierten Kassamittelkurses 
der jeweiligen Fremdwährung gegenüber dem Euro) entsprechenden oder übersteigenden Betrags zur 
Verwertung gelangen und Schritte zu ihrer Verwertung eingeleitet werden (einschließlich der 
Inbesitznahme oder die Bestellung eines Insolvenzverwalters, Zwangsverwalters oder ähnlichen Person); 
oder

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
(f) 
ein Gericht ein Konkurs- oder Insolvenzverfahren (oder ein vergleichbares Verfahren) gegen die 
Emittentin in der entsprechenden Rechtsordnung eröffnet worden ist, und diese Entscheidung nicht 
innerhalb von 60 Tagen aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt worden ist, oder die Emittentin von sich aus ein 
solches Verfahren beantragt; oder 
 
(g) die Emittentin oder eine ihrer Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaften (wie in § 2 (2) definiert), wobei der 
Geschäftsbetrieb oder die Vermögenswerte der Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft auf die Emittentin 
übertragen wurden oder in anderer Weise zu der Emittentin oder einer ihrer Tochtergesellschaften (wie 
in § 2 (2) definiert) gehören, aufgelöst oder liquidiert wird oder irgendeine Maßnahme zum Zwecke der 
Liquidation trifft, es sei denn, dass eine solche Liquidation im Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung, 
Konsolidierung oder einer anderen Form des Zusammenschlusses mit einer anderen Gesellschaft erfolgt 
und diese Gesellschaft alle Verpflichtungen aus diesen Emissionsbedingungen übernimmt; oder 
 
(h) die Emittentin die Zahlungen ganz oder ihre Geschäftstätigkeit einstellt; oder 
 
(i) 
es gegen geltendes Recht verstößt, dass die Emittentin ihren Verpflichtungen aus Schuldverschreibungen 
nachkommt; oder 
 
(j) 
irgendein Ereignis eintritt, welches nach dem Recht einer relevanten Rechtsordnung mit denen in den 
vorherigen Paragraphen genannten Ereignissen vergleichbar ist. 
 
(2) Übermittlung. Eine derartige Kündigung zur Rückzahlung ist in Textform an die Emissionsstelle zu 
richten und wird mit Zugang bei dieser wirksam. Die Fälligkeit tritt ein am 14. Tag nach Zugang der 
Kündigung, es sei denn, dass im Falle des Absatzes (1)(a) oder (1)(b) die Verpflichtung vorher erfüllt worden 
ist. 
 
§ 10 
SCHULDNERERSETZUNG 
 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, ohne Zustimmung der Inhaber von 
Schuldverschreibungen eine andere Gesellschaft, die als Emittentin unter diesem Programm ernannt wurde, 
als Emittentin (die "Neue Emittentin") hinsichtlich aller Verpflichtungen aus oder in Verbindung mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen an die Stelle der Emittentin zu setzen, sofern: 
 
(a) 
die Neue Emittentin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus oder in Verbindung mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
 
(b) die Emittentin und die Neue Emittentin alle etwa notwendigen Genehmigungen von den zuständigen 
Behörden erhalten hat, wonach die Neue Emittentin alle Beträge, die zur Erfüllung der aus oder in 
Verbindung mit den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Zahlungsverpflichtungen erforderlich sind, in 
der festgelegten Währung oder einer anderen erforderlichen Währung ohne Einbehalt an der Quelle oder 
Abzug an der Quelle von irgendwelchen Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben in dem Land, in dem die 
Neue Emittentin ansässig ist, an die jeweilige Zahlstelle transferieren darf; 
 
(c) 
die Emittentin in einer nach Form und Inhalt gleichen Art wie in der ursprünglichen Garantie durch die 
Emittentin unbedingt und unwiderruflich die Verpflichtungen der Neuen Emittentin garantiert. 
 
(2) Bezugnahmen. Im Falle einer solchen Schuldnerersetzung gilt jede in diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
enthaltene Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin fortan als auf die Neue Emittentin bezogen, und jede Bezugnahme 
auf das Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz hat, gilt fortan als auf das Land, in dem die Neue Emittentin 
ihren Sitz hat, bezogen, und, soweit hierbei ein Unterschied gemacht werden muss, auf das Land, in dem die 
Neue Emittentin für steuerliche Zwecke als gebietsansässig betrachtet wird. 
 
(3) Mitteilung. Eine Schuldnerersetzung gemäß Absatz 1 dieses § 10 ist für die Inhaber von 
Schuldverschreibungen bindend und ist ihnen mit einer Frist von mindestens 15 Geschäftstagen vor 
Inkrafttreten der Schuldnerersetzung gemäß § 12 öffentlich bekannt zu machen.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
§ 11 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, 
RÜCKKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG 
 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin behält sich vor, ohne Zustimmung der Inhaber 
der Schuldverschreibungen weitere Schuldverschreibungen in der Weise zu begeben, dass sie mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen dieser Tranche zusammengefasst werden, eine einheitliche Emission (Serie) mit ihnen 
bilden und ihren Gesamtnennbetrag erhöhen. Die Schuldverschreibungen einer Serie haben identische 
Emissionsbedingungen und Ausstattungsmerkmale mit Ausnahme (im Fall von mehr als einer Tranche) des 
Begebungstages, 
des 
Verzinsungsbeginns 
und 
des 
Emissionspreises. 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
"Schuldverschreibungen" gelten in gleicher Weise als Bezugnahmen auf solche Tranchen oder Serien. 
 
(2) Rückkauf und Entwertung. Der Emittentin und jeder ihrer Tochtergesellschaften ist es erlaubt, 
Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder auf andere Weise zu jedem Preis zurückzukaufen. Zurückgekaufte oder 
auf andere Weise von der Emittentin oder jeweiligen Tochtergesellschaft erworbene Schuldverschreibungen 
können gehalten, wiederverkauft oder nach Wahl der Emittentin bzw. der betreffenden Tochtergesellschaft 
der jeweiligen Zahlstelle zur Entwertung überlassen werden. 
 
§ 12 
MITTEILUNGEN 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer Börse notiert sind, einfügen: 
 
(1) Bekanntmachung.  
 
[Sofern eine Mitteilung durch Publikation in einer führenden Tageszeitung möglich ist, einfügen: Alle 
die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen sind in einer führenden Tageszeitung mit allgemeiner 
Verbreitung in [Österreich] [Deutschland] [Luxemburg] [London] [anderen Ort einfügen], voraussichtlich 
[Amtsblatt zur Wiener Zeitung] [die Börsen-Zeitung] [Luxemburger Wort] [Tageblatt] [die Financial Times] 
[andere Zeitung mit allgemeiner Verbreitung einfügen] in deutscher oder englischer Sprache zu 
veröffentlichen [Sofern zusätzlich eine Mitteilung durch elektronische Publikation auf der Website der 
betreffenden Börse(n) erfolgt:, einfügen: [und werden über die Website der Luxemburger Börse unter 
"www.bourse.lu"] [und der] [[betreffende Börse einfügen] unter [Website der Börse einfügen]] 
veröffentlicht]. [Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt mit dem Tag der Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt.]] 
 
[Sofern eine Mitteilung durch Elektronische Publikation auf der Website der betreffenden Börse 
möglich ist, einfügen: Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen können auch durch 
elektronische Publikation auf der Website der [betreffende Börse einfügen] (www. [Internetadresse 
einfügen]). Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt mit dem Tag der Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt.]] 
 
[(2)] Mitteilung an das Clearing System. 
 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht notiert sind, einfügen: Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die Inhaber 
übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing 
System als den Inhabern mitgeteilt.] 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an der Official List der Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, 
einfügen: Solange Schuldverschreibungen an der Official List der Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, findet 
Absatz 1 Anwendung. Soweit dies Mitteilungen über den Zinssatz betrifft oder die Regeln der Luxemburger 
Börse dies zulassen, kann die Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung nach Absatz 1 durch eine Mitteilung an das 
Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die Inhaber ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach 
dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den Inhabern mitgeteilt.]

--- Page 125 ---
125 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer anderen Börse als der Luxemburger Börse notiert 
sind, einfügen: Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, eine Veröffentlichung nach Absatz 1 durch eine Mitteilung an 
das Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die Inhaber zu ersetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass die Regeln der Börse, 
an der die Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, diese Form der Mitteilung zulassen. Jede derartige Mitteilung 
gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den Inhabern mitgeteilt.] 
 
§ 13 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, ERFÜLLUNGSORT, GERICHTSSTAND 
UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen und der Globalurkunde(n) sowie alle 
sich daraus ergebenden Rechte und Pflichten bestimmen sich ausschließlich nach dem Recht der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland.  
 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten, die sich aus den in diesen Emissionsbedingungen geregelten 
Rechtsverhältnissen ergeben, sind die Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen berechtigt, ihre Ansprüche nach 
ihrer Entscheidung entweder vor den zuständigen Gerichten in dem Land des Sitzes der Emittentin oder vor 
dem zuständigen Gericht in Frankfurt am Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, geltend zu machen. Alle 
anderen Gerichtsstände sind ausgeschlossen. Es gilt als vereinbart, dass diese Gerichte ausschließlich das 
Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland anwenden sollen.  
 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen ist berechtigt, in jedem 
Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem der Inhaber und die Emittentin Partei 
sind, seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage geltend 
zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank bei, bei der er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein 
Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche (a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des Inhabers 
enthält, (b) den Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der 
Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem 
Clearing System eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten 
Informationen enthält; oder (ii) er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearing 
System oder des Verwahrers des Clearing System bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege 
oder der die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich 
wäre. Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei der/dem der 
Inhaber ein Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing Systems. 
Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann jeder Inhaber seine Rechte aus den Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede 
andere Weise schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land, in dem der Rechtsstreit eingeleitet wird, prozessual 
zulässig ist. 
 
(4) Kraftloserklärung. Die deutschen Gerichte sind ausschließlich zuständig für die Kraftloserklärung 
abhanden gekommener oder vernichteter Globalurkunden.  
 
§ 14 
TEILUNWIRKSAMKEIT 
 
Sollte eine der vorstehenden Bestimmungen dieser Emissionsbedingungen unwirksam oder undurchführbar 
sein oder werden, so bleibt die Wirksamkeit und die Durchführbarkeit der übrigen Bestimmungen hiervon 
unberührt. Anstelle der unwirksamen oder undurchführbaren Bestimmung soll eine, soweit rechtlich möglich, 
dem Sinn und Zweck dieser Emissionsbedingungen zum Zeitpunkt der Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen 
entsprechende Regelung gelten. Unter Umständen, unter denen sich diese Emissionsbedingungen als 
unvollständig erweisen, soll eine ergänzende Auslegung, die dem Sinn und Zweck dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen entspricht, unter angemessener Berücksichtigung der berechtigten Interessen der 
beteiligten Parteien erfolgen.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
§ 15 
SPRACHE 
 
[Sofern die Emissionsbedingungen in der deutschen Sprache abgefasst werden, einfügen: Diese 
Emissionsbedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. [Sofern eine unverbindliche Übersetzung in 
die englische Sprache beigefügt wird, einfügen: Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. 
Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.]] 
 
[Sofern die Emissionsbedingungen in der englischen Sprache mit einer unverbindlichen Übersetzung in 
die deutsche Sprache abgefasst werden, einfügen: Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in englischer Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.]

--- Page 127 ---
127 
OPTION II: 
 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN  
FÜR VARIABEL VERZINSLICHE SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, EIGENTUM, DEFINITIONEN 
 
(1) Währung, Stückelung. Diese Tranche [Tranchen-Nummer einfügen] von Schuldverschreibungen (die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") der OMV Aktiengesellschaft, die für sich oder mit einer oder mehreren Tranchen 
gemeinsam eine "Serie" bilden kann, wird in [festgelegte Währung einfügen] (die "festgelegte Währung") 
im Gesamtnennbetrag [Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, einfügen: (vorbehaltlich § 1(6))] von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag einfügen] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten einfügen]) in einer Stückelung 
von [festgelegte Stückelung einfügen] (die "festgelegten Stückelung") begeben. 
 
[Im Fall einer Zusammenfassung der Tranche mit einer bestehenden Serie, einfügen: Diese Tranche 
[Tranchen-Nr. einfügen] wird mit der Serie [Seriennummer einfügen], ISIN [●] / WKN [●], Tranche 1 
begeben am [Valutierungstag der ersten Tranche einfügen] [Für jede weitere Tranche jeweils einfügen: 
und der Tranche [Tranchen-Nr. einfügen] begeben am [Valutierungstag dieser Tranche einfügen] dieser 
Serie] konsolidiert und formt mit dieser eine einheitliche Serie [Seriennummer einfügen]. Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Serie [Seriennummer einfügen] lautet [Gesamtnennbetrag der gesamten 
konsolidierten Serie [Seriennummer einfügen] einfügen].]  
 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber. 
 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde - Austausch. 
 
(a) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde (die "Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird gegen 
Schuldverschreibungen in den festgelegten Stückelungen, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
und die Dauerglobalurkunde (jeweils eine "Globalurkunde") tragen jeweils die eigenhändigen oder 
faksimilierten Unterschriften zweier ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und sind 
jeweils von der Emissionsstelle (wie in § 6 festgelegt) oder in deren Namen mit einer 
Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an einem Tag gegen die Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der nicht 
weniger als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt. Ein solcher 
Austausch darf nur nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen erfolgen, wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen keine 
U.S.-Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, die 
Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen auf durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist hinsichtlich einer jeden solchen Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß 
Absatz (b) dieses § 1 (3) auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 4 (3) definiert) zu 
liefern. 
 
(4) Clearing System. [Die][Jede] Globalurkunde wird solange von einem oder im Namen eines Clearing 
Systems verwahrt, bis sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
"Clearing System" bedeutet [Bei mehr als einem Clearing System einfügen: jeweils] Folgendes: 
[Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg ("CBL")] 
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear")] [CBL und Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die 
"ICSDs"] [OeKB CSD GmbH ("OeKB")] [,] [und] [anderes Clearing System angeben] oder jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, einfügen: 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, einfügen: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer new 
global note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Sicherheitsverwahrstelle (common safekeeper) 
im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine CGN ist, einfügen: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
classical global note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider 
ICSDs verwahrt.] 
 
(5) Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen. "Inhaber" bezeichnet jeden Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils oder 
anderen Rechts an den Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, einfügen: 
 
(6) 
Register 
der 
ICSDs. 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. 
Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen man die Register versteht, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den 
Betrag ihres Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis über den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu diesen 
Zwecken von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem Gesamtnennbetrag der so verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen ist ein schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt des Registers des jeweiligen ICSD zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt. 
 
Bei Rückzahlung oder Zahlung einer Rate oder einer Zinszahlung bezüglich der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei Kauf und Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. 
Kauf und Löschung bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, 
und dass nach dieser Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. 
gekauften und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen bzw. der Gesamtbetrag der so gezahlten Raten abgezogen 
wird.] 
 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, einfügen: Bei Austausch eines Anteils von 
ausschließlich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen wird die Emittentin 
sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro rata in die Aufzeichnungen der ICSDs 
aufgenommen werden.]] 
 
[(6)][(7)] Eigentum. 
 
(a) 
Der 
Inhaber 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gilt 
(soweit 
nicht 
zwingende 
Gesetzes- 
oder 
Verwaltungsbestimmungen entgegenstehen) in jeder Hinsicht als Alleineigentümer (ob fällig oder nicht 
fällig, und unabhängig von irgendwelchen Mitteilungen bezüglich des Eigentums, möglichen 
Treuhandschaften oder anderen Ansprüchen hieran oder hieraus, etwaigen Vermerken auf der Urkunde 
oder einem Diebstahl oder Verlust) und niemand kann dafür verantwortlich gemacht werden, dass er den 
Inhaber als Alleineigentümer angesehen hat. 
 
(b) Die Übertragung des Eigentums an Schuldverschreibungen geschieht durch Einigung der beteiligten 
Parteien über den Eigentumsübergang und durch die Übergabe oder auf andere Weise in 
Übereinstimmung mit den jeweils anzuwendenden Gesetzen und Vorschriften einschließlich der Regeln 
beteiligter Clearing Systeme. Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf "Inhaber" von 
Schuldverschreibungen sind Bezugnahmen auf die Inhaber solcher Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
[(7)][(8)] Geschäftstag. In diesen Emissionsbedingungen bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" einen Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem (i) das Clearing System und (ii) [Falls die festgelegte Währung Euro ist, 
einfügen: [TARGET (wie nachstehend definiert)] [und Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche

--- Page 129 ---
129 
relevante Finanzzentren einfügen]]] [Falls die festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, einfügen: 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen]] Zahlungen 
abwickeln. 
 
[Falls TARGET anwendbar ist, einfügen: "TARGET" bedeutet das Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer-Zahlungssystem 2 oder jedes Nachfolgesystem.] 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVERKLÄRUNG 
 
(1) Status. Die Verpflichtungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen begründen direkte, unbedingte und 
unbesicherte Verpflichtungen der Emittentin, die jederzeit gleichrangig untereinander und mindestens 
gleichrangig mit allen anderen gegenwärtigen und zukünftigen unbesicherten Verpflichtungen der Emittentin 
bestehen. Hiervon sind solche Verpflichtungen ausgenommen, die aufgrund zwingender und allgemein 
anwendbarer gesetzlicher Bestimmungen vorrangig sind. 
 
(2) Negativerklärung. Solange Schuldverschreibung ausstehen, wird die Emittentin ihre gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen Vermögenswerte nicht mit Grundpfandrechten, Pfandrechten oder sonstigen Sicherungsrechten 
zur 
Besicherung 
einer 
Maßgeblichen 
Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeit 
oder 
Garantie 
bzw. 
Freistellungsverpflichtung im Hinblick auf eine Maßgebliche Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeit belasten oder 
solche Rechte zu diesem Zweck bestehen lassen, ohne gleichzeitig oder vorher die Schuldverschreibungen auf 
gleiche Weise und anteilig damit zu besichern und die Emittentin wird dafür Sorge tragen, dass ihre 
Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften gleichermaßen ihre gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Vermögenswerte 
nicht mit Grundpfandrechten, Pfandrechten oder sonstigen Sicherungsrechten zur Besicherung einer 
Maßgeblichen Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeit oder Garantie bzw. Freistellungsverpflichtung im Hinblick auf 
eine Maßgebliche Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeit belasten oder solche Rechte zu diesem Zweck bestehen lassen, 
ohne gleichzeitig oder vorher die Schuldverschreibungen auf gleiche Weise und anteilig damit zu besichern. 
 
"Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet jede Tochtergesellschaft (wie nachfolgend definiert), auf die 
Folgendes zutrifft: 
 
(a) 
ihr (bei einen Konzernabschluss erstellenden Tochtergesellschaften: konsolidierter bzw. bei keinen 
Konzernabschluss erstellenden Tochtergesellschaften: nicht konsolidierter) Jahresüberschuss oder 
ihre (bei einen Konzernabschluss erstellenden Tochtergesellschaften: konsolidierte bzw. bei keinen 
Konzernabschluss erstellenden Tochtergesellschaften: nicht konsolidierte) Bilanzsumme beträgt 
mindestens 10% des Konzernjahresüberschusses oder gegebenenfalls der Konzern-Bilanzsumme der 
Emittentin und ihrer Tochtergesellschaften zusammengenommen. Die Berechnung erfolgt jeweils 
auf Grundlage des aktuellsten (konsolidierten bzw. nicht konsolidierten) Abschlusses der 
Tochtergesellschaft und des zu diesem Zeitpunkt aktuellsten geprüften Konzernabschlusses der 
Emittentin. Wurde eine Tochtergesellschaft nach Ablauf des Berichtszeitraums erworben, auf den 
sich der zu diesem Zeitpunkt aktuellste geprüfte Konzernabschluss der Emittentin (für die 
Anwendung der vorstehend beschriebenen Überprüfung) bezieht, so gilt die Bezugnahme auf den 
aktuellsten geprüften Konzernabschluss der Emittentin als Bezugnahme auf diesen Abschluss, so als 
wäre die entsprechende Tochtergesellschaft unter Zugrundelegung ihres zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
aktuellsten Abschlusses darin ausgewiesen (nach Anpassung durch den jeweils aktuellen 
Abschlussprüfer der Emittentin nach dessen Ermessen in Absprache mit der Emittentin); oder 
 
(b) 
die Geschäftstätigkeit, Betriebe und Vermögenswerte wurden in ihrer Gesamtheit oder im 
Wesentlichen in ihrer Gesamtheit von einer anderen Tochtergesellschaft, bei der es sich unmittelbar 
vor der Übertragung um eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft handelte, an diese Tochtergesellschaft 
übertragen, wobei (i) im Falle der Übertragung durch eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft die 
übertragende 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
umgehend 
den 
Status 
als 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft verliert und (ii) die aufnehmende Tochtergesellschaft umgehend zu einer 
Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft wird. Dabei gilt, dass an oder nach dem Zeitpunkt der 
Veröffentlichung des entsprechenden Abschlusses für den Berichtszeitraum, in dem die Übertragung 
stattfindet, die Frage, ob es sich bei der übertragenden oder der aufnehmenden Tochtergesellschaft

--- Page 130 ---
130 
jeweils um eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft handelt, gemäß den Vorgaben der vorstehenden 
Ziffer (a) zu entscheiden ist. 
 
Die in einem Bericht getroffene Feststellung durch zwei ordnungsgemäß ermächtigte Personen der Emittentin, 
dass es sich bei einer Tochtergesellschaft ihrer Auffassung nach (gegebenenfalls unter Vornahme ihnen 
angemessen erscheinender Anpassungen) zu einem gegebenen Zeitpunkt oder während eines gegebenen 
Zeitraums um eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft handelt(e) oder nicht um eine solche handelte, ist (außer 
im Falle offensichtlicher Fehler) endgültig und bindend für die Emittentin und die Inhaber. 
 
"Maßgebliche Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeiten" bezeichnet jegliche Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeiten in Form 
von (oder verbrieft durch) Anleihen, Schuldverschreibungen, Schuldtitel, festverzinsliche Schuldtitel oder 
sonstige Wertpapiere, soweit sie an einer Börse oder im Freiverkehr oder in einem anderen Wertpapiermarkt 
notiert, zugelassen oder gehandelt werden oder notiert, zugelassen oder gehandelt werden können oder deren 
Notierung, Zulassung oder Handel beabsichtigt ist. 
 
"Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet einen Rechtsträger, dessen Abschluss aufgrund gesetzlicher Vorgaben oder 
nach Maßgabe allgemein anerkannter Rechnungslegungsgrundsätze zu einem beliebigen Zeitpunkt mit dem 
der Emittentin zu konsolidieren ist (Vollkonsolidierung). 
 
"ausstehend" bezeichnet in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen alle begebenen Schuldverschreibungen, mit 
Ausnahme (a) derjenigen, die gemäß diesen Emissionsbedingungen zurückgezahlt wurden, (b) derjenigen, für 
die der Rückzahlungstag eingetreten ist und die Rückzahlungsgelder (einschließlich aller bis zu dem Tag 
dieser Rückzahlung angefallenen Zinsen sowie aller nach diesem Tag gemäß diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
zu zahlenden Zinsen) ordnungsgemäß an die Emissionsstelle gezahlt wurden und weiterhin zur Auszahlung 
gegen Vorlage und Einreichung von Schuldverschreibungen zur Verfügung stehen, (c) derjenigen, in Bezug 
auf welche Ansprüche nichtig geworden sind, (d) derjenigen, die gemäß diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
erworben und eingezogen wurden, (e) derjenigen Schuldverschreibungen, die beschädigt wurden oder 
unbrauchbar geworden sind und im Tausch gegen Ersatz-Schuldverschreibungen eingereicht wurden, (f) 
(lediglich zur Ermittlung, wie viele Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen und bei wie vielen der Status nicht für 
andere Zwecke beeinträchtigt ist) derjenigen Schuldverschreibungen, die für verloren, gestohlen oder zerstört 
erklärt wurden und für die Ersatz-Schuldverschreibungen ausgegeben wurden, sowie (g) der Vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde, soweit diese gemäß ihren Bestimmungen gegen die Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht wurde, 
und der Dauerglobalurkunde, soweit diese gemäß ihren Bestimmungen gegen Einzelurkunden ausgetauscht 
wurde. 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
 
(1) Zinszahlungstage. 
 
(a) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Höhe ihres Nennbetrags ab dem [Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] 
(der "Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
und danach von jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) verzinst. Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind an jedem Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
 
(b) "Zinszahlungstag" bedeutet, vorbehaltlich einer Anpassung gemäß § 4 Absatz 5, 
 
[Im Fall von "fest- zu variabel verzinslichen" Schuldverschreibungen einfügen:  
 
für den Zeitraum, während dem die Schuldverschreibungen mit einem festen Zinssatz verzinst werden (der 
"Festzinssatz-Zeitraum"): 
 
[der] [jeder] [festgelegte Zinszahlungstage einfügen] [eines jeden Kalenderjahres] 
 
und für den Zeitraum, während dem die Schuldverschreibungen mit einem variablen Zinssatz verzinst werden 
(der "Variable-Zinszeitraum"):

--- Page 131 ---
131 
[Im Fall von festgelegten Zinszahlungstagen einfügen: [der] [jeder] [festgelegte Zinszahlungstag(e) 
einfügen] [eines jeden Kalenderjahres] [und der Fälligkeitstag], beginnend mit [ersten Zinszahlungstag 
einfügen, der in den Variablen-Zinszeitraum fällt].] 
 
[Im Fall von festgelegten Zinsperioden einfügen: jeweils der Tag, der [Anzahl einfügen] [Wochen] 
[Monate] [andere festgelegte Zeiträume einfügen] nach dem vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag liegt, 
beginnend mit [ersten Zinszahlungstag einfügen, der in den Variablen-Zinszeitraum fällt].]  
 
[Im Fall von Actual/Actual (ICMA) einfügen: Die Anzahl der Feststellungstermine im Kalenderjahr 
(jeweils ein "Feststellungstermin") beträgt [Anzahl der regulären Zinszahlungstage im Kalenderjahr 
einfügen].] 
 
[Im Fall von nicht "fest- zu variabel verzinslichen" Schuldverschreibungen einfügen:  
 
[Im Fall von festgelegten Zinszahlungstagen einfügen: jeder [festlegte Zinszahlungstage einfügen] [eines 
jeden Kalenderjahres] [und der Fälligkeitstag].] 
 
[Im Fall von festgelegten Zinsperioden einfügen: (soweit diese Emissionsbedingungen keine abweichenden 
Bestimmungen vorsehen) jeweils der Tag, der [Zahl einfügen] [Wochen] [Monate] [andere festgelegte 
Zeiträume einfügen] nach dem vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag liegt, oder im Falle des ersten 
Zinszahlungstages, nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn.] 
 
(2) Zinssatz.  
 
[Im Fall von "fest- zu variabel verzinslichen" Schuldverschreibungen einfügen:  
 
Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für den Festzinssatz-Zeitraum ist für jede innerhalb des Festzinssatz-Zeitraums 
liegende Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) [Festzinssatz einfügen]% per annum 
 
[Im Fall eines ersten kurzen oder langen Kupons, einfügen:, wobei sich der Zinsbetrag für die erste 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) auf [Bruchteilszinsbetrag einfügen] je festgelegte Stückelung 
beläuft]. 
 
Der Zinssatz für den Variablen-Zinszeitraum ist für jede innerhalb des Variablen-Zinszeitraums liegende 
Zinsperiode, sofern nachstehend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, der Referenzzinssatz (wie nachstehend 
definiert) [Im Fall eines Faktors einfügen:, multipliziert mit [Faktor einfügen]] [Im Fall einer Marge 
einfügen:, [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)].] 
 
[Im Fall von nicht "fest- zu variabel verzinslichen" Schuldverschreibungen einfügen:  
 
Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist, sofern nachstehend nichts 
Abweichendes bestimmt wird, der Referenzzinssatz (wie nachstehend definiert) [Im Fall eines Faktors 
einfügen:, multipliziert mit [Faktor einfügen]] [Im Fall einer Marge einfügen:, [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der 
Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)].] 
 
[Im Fall einer Marge einfügen: Die "Marge" beträgt [maßgeblichen Betrag einfügen]% per annum.] 
 
"Referenzzinssatz" bezeichnet entweder 
 
(a) 
den [[relevante Laufzeit einfügen]-]EURIBOR- Angebotssatz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per annum) 
für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung (wenn nur ein Angebotssatz auf der Bildschirmseite (wie 
nachstehend definiert) angezeigt ist), oder 
 
(b) das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das nächste ein Tausendstel %, 
wobei 0,0005 aufgerundet wird) der Angebotssätze, (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per annum) für 
Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, der bzw. die auf der Bildschirmseite

--- Page 132 ---
132 
am Zinsfestlegungstag (wie nachstehend definiert) gegen 11.00 Uhr ([Brüsseler] [Londoner] Ortszeit) 
angezeigt werden, wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum von dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils 
darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" bezeichnet den [zweiten] [zutreffende andere Zahl von Tagen einfügen] [TARGET-] 
[Londoner] [zutreffende andere Bezugnahmen einfügen] Geschäftstag vor Beginn der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode. [Im Fall eines TARGET-Geschäftstages einfügen: "TARGET-Geschäftstag" bezeichnet 
einen Tag, an dem TARGET [(wie nachstehend definiert)] betriebsbereit [ist][sind]]. [Im Fall eines anderen 
Geschäftstages als ein TARGET-Geschäftstages einfügen: "[Londoner][zutreffenden anderen Ort 
einfügen] Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem 
Geschäftsbanken in [London] [zutreffenden anderen Ort einfügen] für Geschäfte (einschließlich 
Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.] 
 
[Sofern TARGET anwendbar ist und nicht bereits in § 1 [(7)][(8)] definiert wurde, einfügen: bedeutet 
das Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer-Zahlungssystem 2 oder jedes 
Nachfolgesystem.] 
 
"Bildschirmseite" bedeutet [Bildschirmseite einfügen]. 
 
Wenn im vorstehenden Fall (b) auf der maßgeblichen Bildschirmseite fünf oder mehr Angebotssätze 
angezeigt werden, werden der höchste (falls mehr als ein solcher Höchstsatz angezeigt wird, nur einer dieser 
Sätze) und der niedrigste (falls mehr als ein solcher Niedrigstsatz angezeigt wird, nur einer dieser Sätze) von 
der Berechnungsstelle für die Bestimmung des arithmetischen Mittels der Angebotssätze (das wie vorstehend 
beschrieben auf- oder abgerundet wird) außer Acht gelassen; diese Regel gilt entsprechend für diesen 
gesamten Absatz (2). 
 
Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen, oder wird im Fall von (a) kein 
Angebotssatz, oder werden im Fall von (b) weniger als drei Angebotssätze angezeigt dort jeweils zur 
genannten Zeit), ist der Referenzzinssatz der Angebotssatz oder das arithmetische Mittel der Angebotssätze 
auf der Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem 
diese Angebotssätze angezeigt wurden. 
 
Stellt die Emittentin in Abstimmung mit der Berechnungsstelle vor oder an einem Zinsfestlegungstag fest, 
dass (i) die Emittentin oder die Berechnungsstelle den Referenzzinssatz nicht mehr verwenden darf, (ii) der 
Administrator des Referenzzinssatzes einen Tag öffentlich bekanntgegeben hat, ab wann die Berechnung und 
Veröffentlichung des Referenzzinssatzes dauerhaft oder für eine unbestimmte Zeit eingestellt wird, (iii) der 
Administrator des Referenzzinssatzes einen Tag öffentlich bekanntgegeben hat, ab wann der Administrator 
zahlungsunfähig wird oder, dass er zahlungsunfähig ist oder ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, Restrukturierungs- oder 
ähnliches Verfahren (den Administrator betreffend) durch den Administrator oder durch die Aufsichts- oder 
Regulierungsbehörde eingeleitet wurde oder in diesem Zusammenhang ein entsprechender Antrag gestellt 
wurde, oder (iv) der Referenzzinssatz anderweitig eingestellt ist oder auf andere Weise nicht mehr zur 
Verfügung gestellt wird ((i) bis (iv) jeweils ein "Einstellungsereignis"), soll der Referenzzinssatz durch einen 
Zinssatz ersetzt werden (der "Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz"), der sich gemäß untenstehender Reihenfolge I 
bis III am jeweiligen Zinsfestlegungstag bestimmt: 
 
I) 
Der Referenzzinssatz wird durch den Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz ersetzt, der durch den Administrator 
des Referenzzinssatzes, die zuständige Zentralbank oder eine Regulierungs- oder Aufsichtsbehörde als 
Nachfolger des Referenzzinssatzes für die Laufzeit des Referenzzinssatzes bekannt gegeben wird und 
in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht genutzt werden darf. 
 
II) 
Soweit eine Bekanntgabe nach I) nicht erfolgt, wird der Unabhängige Sachverständige (wie 
nachstehend definiert) nach billigem Ermessen (§ 317 BGB) den Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz 
bestimmen, der am ehesten mit dem Referenzzinssatz vergleichbar ist, wobei der Unabhängige 
Sachverständige einen branchenweit als am ehesten mit dem Referenzzinssatz vergleichbar

--- Page 133 ---
133 
akzeptierten Referenzsatz als Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz bestimmen muss, und eine Bildschirmseite 
bestimmen, die in Verbindung mit dem Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz verwendet werden soll, der auch 
für die Berechnungsstelle akzeptabel ist (die "Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite"). 
 
Ferner wird der Unabhängige Sachverständige bei Bedarf und nach billigem Ermessen (gemäß § 317 
BGB) eine Anpassungsspanne (wie nachstehend definiert) bestimmen, die die Berechnungsstelle 
entsprechend anwenden wird, welche wirtschaftliche Nachteile oder Vorteile der Gläubiger, reduziert 
oder ausschließt, welche durch die Ersetzung des Referenzzinssatzes durch den Nachfolge-
Referenzzinssatz entstehen könnten. Dabei bezeichnet die "Anpassungsspanne" eine Spanne, welche: 
 
(a) 
im Fall eines Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatzes formell im Zusammenhang mit der Ersetzung des 
Referenzzinssatzes 
durch 
den 
Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz 
vom 
Unabhängigen 
Sachverständigen empfohlen wird; oder 
 
(b) 
durch den Unabhängigen Sachverständigen (sofern keine Empfehlung abgegeben wurde) als 
anerkannter 
und berücksichtigter Industriestandard 
für "over-the-counter"-Derivative-
Transaktionen mit Bezug auf den Referenzzinssatz, bei denen dieser durch den Nachfolge-
Referenzzinssatz ersetzt wurde, bestimmt wird; oder 
 
(c) 
vom Unabhängigen Sachverständigen als angemessen erachtet wird (sofern dieser bestimmt, 
dass es keinen anerkannten und berücksichtigten Industriestandard gibt). 
 
Jegliche Bezugnahme auf die Bildschirmseite in diesem Dokument gilt ab dem Datum der Festlegung eines 
Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatzes als Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite und die Regelungen dieses 
Absatzes gelten entsprechend. Der Unabhängige Sachverständige wird die Emittentin und die 
Berechnungsstelle mindestens 10 Tage vor dem Feststellungstermin über solche Festlegungen informieren. 
Anschließend wird die Emittentin die Gläubiger gemäß § 13 informieren. 
 
III) 
Sollte der Unabhängige Sachverständige innerhalb von [30] [●] Tagen nach seiner Bestellung keinen 
Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz ermittelt haben, hat er dies der Emittentin unverzüglich mitzuteilen. Nach 
Erhalt einer solchen Mitteilung oder im Fall, dass die Emittentin trotz Bemühens nach besten Kräften 
innerhalb von [30] [●] Tagen nach Bekanntwerden des Einstellungsereignisses keinen unabhängigen 
Sachverständigen bestellen kann, ist sie zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen 
berechtigt. Eine solche Kündigung wird der Berechnungsstelle und den Gläubigern von der Emittentin 
gemäß § 13 mitgeteilt. In dieser Mitteilung muss enthalten sein: 
 
(a) 
die Serie von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der Kündigung betroffen ist; und 
 
(b) 
das Rückzahlungsdatum, welches nicht weniger als [Anzahl der Tage/Target-Geschäftstage] 
[Tage] [Target-Geschäftstage] nach dem Datum sein darf, an dem die Mitteilung der Emittentin 
an die Gläubiger erfolgt ist und, im Fall eines Einstellungsereignisses nach (ii) oben, nicht auf 
einen Tag fallen darf, der vor dem Tag liegt, ab dem der Referenzzinssatz offiziell nicht mehr 
existiert. 
 
Sofern sich die Emittentin entscheidet, die Schuldverschreibungen zu kündigen oder nicht vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, oder falls die Emittentin oder der unabhängige Sachverständige scheitert oder nicht in der 
Lage ist, die Berechnungsstelle bis zu dem Tag, der 10 Tage vor dem Zinsfeststellungstag liegt, über einen 
Nachfolge-Referenzzinssatz zu informieren, ist der Zinssatz für den Maßgeblichen Zeitraum (wie nachfolgend 
definiert) der Referenzzinssatz oder das arithmetische Mittel der Referenzzinssätze auf der Bildschirmseite, 
wie vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem [Referenzzinssatz] 
[Referenzzinssätze] angezeigt wurde[n] [im Fall einer Marge einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge 
(wobei jedoch, falls für die relevante Zinsperiode eine andere Marge als für die unmittelbar vorhergehende 
Zinsperiode gilt, die relevante Marge an die Stelle der Marge für die vorhergehende Zinsperiode tritt)]. [Im 
Falle einer Marge, die zuzüglich des (relevanten) Referenzzinssatzes gezahlt wird, einfügen: Nimmt der 
ermittelte Referenzzinssatz einen negativen Wert an, wird er gegen die Marge verrechnet, so dass er die 
Marge verringert.] Der Zinssatz beträgt stets mindestens 0 (Null).

--- Page 134 ---
134 
In diesem Unterabsatz bezeichnet "Maßgeblicher Zeitraum": 
 
(i) 
im Falle einer Kündigung, den Zeitraum vom Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich), der dem Tag der 
Kündigung unmittelbar vorangeht, bis zum Tag der Rückzahlung (ausschließlich); oder 
 
(ii) 
sollte die Emittentin von ihrem Recht der Kündigung keinen Gebrauch machen, den Zeitraum vom 
letzten Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum darauffolgendem Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
 
"Unabhängiger Sachverständiger" bezeichnet eine unabhängige international anerkannte Bank oder einen 
unabhängigen Finanzberater mit jeweils einschlägiger Expertise, die bzw. der von der Emittentin zu 
wirtschaftlich 
angemessenen 
Bedingungen 
unter 
zumutbaren 
Bemühungen 
bestellt 
wird. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle kann als Unabhängiger Sachverständiger bestellt werden, sofern die Berechnungsstelle 
zustimmt, als Unabhängiger Sachverständiger zu handeln. 
 
[Falls ein Mindest- und/oder Höchstzinssatz gilt, einfügen: 
 
(3) [Mindest-] [und] [Höchst-] Zinssatz. 
 
[Falls ein Mindestzinssatz gilt, einfügen: Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode 
ermittelte Zinssatz niedriger ist als [Mindestzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
[Mindestzinssatz einfügen].] 
 
[Falls ein Höchstzinssatz gilt: Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz höher ist als [Höchstzinssatz einfügen], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode [Höchstzinssatz 
einfügen].] 
 
[(3)][(4)] Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an dem der 
Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Zinsbetrag in Bezug auf jede 
festgelegte Stückelung (der "Zinsbetrag") für die entsprechende Zinsperiode berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag wird 
ermittelt, indem der Zinssatz und der Zinstagequotient (wie nachstehend definiert) auf jede festgelegte 
Stückelung angewendet werden, wobei der resultierende Betrag [falls die festgelegte Währung Euro ist 
einfügen: auf den nächsten Euro 0,01 auf oder abgerundet wird, wobei Euro 0,005 aufgerundet werden] [falls 
die festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, einfügen: auf die kleinste Einheit der festgelegten Währung auf- 
oder abgerundet wird, wobei 0,5 solcher Einheiten aufgerundet werden]. 
 
[(4)][(5)] Mitteilungen von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der 
Zinssatz, der Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, die jeweilige Zinsperiode und der relevante 
Zinszahlungstag der Emittentin und den Inhabern gemäß § 12 baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls später als am 
vierten auf die Berechnung jeweils folgenden [falls die Berechnungsstelle eine bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
an einem vorgeschriebenen Ort zu unterhalten hat, einfügen: Geschäftstag, am Ort der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle der Berechnungsstelle ist,] [falls die Berechnungsstelle keine bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
an einem vorgeschriebenen Ort zu unterhalten hat, einfügen: [TARGET-] [Londoner] Geschäftstag] und 
jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren 
Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, umgehend, aber keinesfalls später als zu Beginn der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode mitgeteilt werden. Im Falle einer Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode 
können der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und Zinszahlungstag ohne Vorankündigung nachträglich angepasst (oder 
andere geeignete Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede solche Anpassung wird umgehend allen 
Börsen, an denen die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind, sowie den Inhabern gemäß 
§ 12 mitgeteilt. 
 
[(5)][(6)] Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, Gutachten, Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, die von der Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke dieses § 3 
gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) 
für die Emittentin, die Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstellen und die Inhaber bindend. 
 
[(6)][(7)] Zinslauf. Der Zinslauf der Schuldverschreibungen endet an dem Tag, der dem Tag vorangeht, an 
dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig werden. Sollte die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht

--- Page 135 ---
135 
einlösen, endet die Verzinsung des ausstehenden Nennbetrags der Schuldverschreibungen nicht an dem Tag, 
der dem Fälligkeitstag vorangeht, sondern erst an dem Tag, der dem Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen vorangeht. Der jeweils geltende Zinssatz wird gemäß diesem § 3 bestimmt. 
Weitergehende Ansprüche der Inhaber bleiben unberührt. 
 
[(7)][(8)] Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung des Zinsbetrages 
auf eine Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/Actual (ICMA) einfügen: 
 
1. 
Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, bei denen die Anzahl der Tage in der betreffenden Periode ab dem 
letzten Zinszahlungstag (oder, wenn es keinen solchen gibt, ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn) (jeweils 
einschließlich desselben) bis zum betreffenden Zahlungstag (ausschließlich desselben) (der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum") kürzer ist als die Feststellungsperiode (wie nachfolgend definiert) in die 
das Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt oder ihr entspricht, die Anzahl der Tage in dem 
betreffenden Zinsberechnungszeitraum geteilt durch das Produkt (1) der Anzahl der Tage in der 
Feststellungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl der Feststellungstermine (wie in § 3 Absatz 1 angegeben) in 
einem Kalenderjahr; oder 
 
2. 
Im Falle von Schuldverschreibungen, bei denen der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger ist als die 
Feststellungsperiode, in die das Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt, die Summe 
 
- 
der Anzahl der Tage in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die Feststellungsperiode fallen, in 
welcher der Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt durch das Produkt (1) der Anzahl der Tage in 
der Feststellungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl der Feststellungstermine (wie in § 3 Absatz 1 
angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr; und 
 
- 
der Anzahl der Tage in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die nächste Feststellungsperiode fallen, 
geteilt durch das Produkt (1) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser Feststellungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl 
der Feststellungstermine (wie in § 3 Absatz 1 angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr. 
 
"Feststellungsperiode" ist die Periode ab einem Zinszahlungstag oder, wenn es keinen solchen gibt, ab dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn (jeweils einschließlich desselben) bis zum nächsten oder ersten Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich desselben).] 
 
[Im Fall von ACT/ACT (ISDA) oder Actual/365 einfügen: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 (oder falls ein Teil des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes in ein 
Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe von (A) der tatsächlichen Anzahl von Tagen in dem Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die in das Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 366 und (B) die tatsächliche Anzahl 
von Tagen in dem Teil des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die nicht in ein Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 365).] 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 (Fixed) einfügen: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 365.] 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 einfügen: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert 
durch 360.] 
 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis einfügen: die Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines Monats, während der erste Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 30. noch auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, wobei in diesem Fall 
der den letzten Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder 
(B) der letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).]

--- Page 136 ---
136 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis einfügen: die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 12 
Monaten zu 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder letzten Tages 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei denn, der Fälligkeitstag des letzten Zinsberechnungszeitraums ist der 
letzte Tag des Monats Februar, wobei in diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter 
Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
(1) (a) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen von Kapital auf die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen nach Maßgabe 
des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) an das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems gegen Vorlage und (außer im Fall von Teilzahlungen) 
Einreichung der Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt der Zahlung verbriefenden Globalurkunde bei der 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
 
(b) Zahlungen von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe von 
Absatz 2 an das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
erfolgt nach Maßgabe von Absatz (2) an das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems, und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung 
gemäß § 1 Absatz 3 (b). 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen und 
Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in der frei handelbaren und 
konvertierbaren Währung, die am entsprechenden Fälligkeitstag die Währung des Staates der festgelegten 
Währung ist. 
 
(3) Vereinigte Staaten. Für die Zwecke des § 1 Absatz (3) und des Absatzes 1 dieses § 4 bezeichnet 
"Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und des 
"District of Columbia") sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Ricos, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands) und Besitzungen und sonstigen ihrer 
Jurisdiktion unterliegenden Gebiete.  
 
(4) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearing System oder dessen Order von 
ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
(5) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der 
kein Zahltag ist, dann: 
 
[Bei Anwendung der Modifizierte Folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention einfügen: hat der Inhaber keinen 
Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächstfolgenden Zahltag, es sei denn jener würde dadurch in den nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden 
Geschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
 
[Bei Anwendung der FRN-Konvention einfügen: hat der Inhaber keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nächstfolgenden Zahltag, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem 
Fall (i) wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen und (ii) ist jeder 
nachfolgende Zahltag der jeweils letzte Geschäftstag des Monats, der [[Zahl einfügen] Monate] [andere 
festgelegte Zeiträume einfügen] nach dem vorausgehenden anwendbaren Zahltag liegt.] 
 
[Bei Anwendung der Folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention einfügen: hat der Inhaber keinen Anspruch vor 
dem nachfolgenden Zahltag.]

--- Page 137 ---
137 
[Bei Anwendung der Vorangegangener Geschäftstag-Konvention einfügen: wird der Zahltag auf den 
unmittelbar vorausgehenden Zahltag vorgezogen.] 
 
[Falls keine Anpassung erfolgt einfügen: Falls eine Zahlung wie oben beschrieben verschoben wird, erfolgt 
keine Anpassung des zu zahlenden Betrags sowie des jeweiligen Zinszahlungstags.] 
 
[Falls eine Anpassung erfolgt einfügen: Falls eine Zahlung wie oben beschrieben verschoben wird, erfolgt 
eine entsprechende Anpassung des zu zahlenden Zinsbetrags sowie des jeweiligen Zinszahlungstags.] 
 
Der Inhaber ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund verspäteter Zahlung zu 
verlangen. 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem (i) das 
Clearing System und (ii) [Falls die festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, einfügen: Geschäftsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche relevante Finanzzentren einfügen]] [Falls die festgelegte Währung Euro ist, 
einfügen: [TARGET] [und Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche relevante Finanzzentren 
einfügen]]] Zahlungen abwickeln. 
 
(6) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf Kapital der 
Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, die folgenden Beträge ein: den Rückzahlungsbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen; den vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen; [Falls die 
Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen aus anderen als steuerlichen Gründen 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, einfügen: den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) der Schuldverschreibungen;] 
[Falls der Inhaber ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, einfügen: den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der Schuldverschreibungen;] sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder 
in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge. Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
auf Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren 
zusätzlichen Beträge ein. 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt oder 
angekauft und entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am [im Fall eines 
festgelegten Fälligkeitstages einfügen: [Fälligkeitstag einfügen]] [Im Fall eines Rückzahlungsmonats 
und -jahres einfügen: in den [Rückzahlungsmonat und -jahr einfügen] fallenden Zinszahlungstag] (der 
"Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. Der Rückzahlungsbetrag in Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung entspricht 
ihrer festgelegten Stückelung. 
 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen können insgesamt, jedoch 
nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 Tagen 
gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und gemäß § 12 gegenüber den Inhabern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu ihrem 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) zuzüglich bis zum für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin als Folge einer Änderung 
oder Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften der Republik Österreich oder deren 
politischen Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der 
Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt diese Änderung 
oder Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche dieser Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben wird, wirksam) am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (wie in § 3 Absatz 1 
definiert) zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen gemäß § 7 Absatz 1 verpflichtet sein wird. 
 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § 12 zu erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den für die Rückzahlung 
festgelegten Termin nennen und eine zusammenfassende Erklärung enthalten, die das Rückzahlungsrecht der 
Emittentin begründenden Umstände darlegt.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, 
einfügen: 
 
(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, unter Einhaltung einer Ankündigungsfrist von 15 Geschäftstagen gegenüber der 
Emissionsstelle und nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
[insgesamt] [oder] [teilweise] [am Wahl-Rückzahlungstag] [an den Wahl-Rückzahlungstagen] (Call) 
[zum Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag] [zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbeträgen] (Call), wie nachstehend 
angegeben, nebst etwaigen bis zum betreffenden Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. [Bei Geltung eines Mindestrückzahlungsbetrages oder eines 
erhöhten Rückzahlungsbetrages einfügen: Eine solche Rückzahlung muss in Höhe eines 
Nennbetrages 
von 
[mindestens 
[Mindestrückzahlungsbetrag 
einfügen]] 
[erhöhten 
Rückzahlungsbetrag einfügen] erfolgen.] 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Call) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) einfügen] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Call) 
einfügen] 
 
[Falls der Inhaber ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, einfügen: Der 
Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits 
der Inhaber in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz [(3)][(4)] dieses § 5 verlangt hat.] 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Inhabern der Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin gemäß § 12 
bekanntzugeben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Tranche bzw. Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Tranche bzw. Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der nicht weniger als [Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen] und 
nicht mehr als [Höchstkündigungsfrist einfügen] Tage nach dem Tag der Kündigung durch die 
Emittentin gegenüber den Inhabern liegen darf; und 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
(c) 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen nach den Regeln des betreffenden Clearing Systems ausgewählt. [Im Fall einer 
Emission von Schuldverschreibungen in NGN Form einfügen: und eine solche Rückzahlung wird 
nach freiem Ermessen von CBL und Euroclear entweder als Pool Faktor (pool factor) oder als 
Reduzierung des Gesamtnennbetrages in den Aufzeichnungen von CBL und/oder Euroclear reflektiert]. 
 
[Falls der Inhaber ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, einfügen: 
 
[(3)][(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Inhabers. 
 
(a) 
Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldverschreibung nach Ausübung des entsprechenden Wahlrechts durch den 
Inhaber [am Wahl-Rückzahlungstag] [an den Wahl-Rückzahlungstagen] (Put) [zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag] [zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbeträgen] (Put), wie nachstehend angegeben, nebst 
etwaigen bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Put) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put) einfügen] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Put) 
einfügen]

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
Dem Inhaber steht das Recht zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung oder das Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung ihres Wahlrechts nach diesem 
§ 5 verlangt hat. 
 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Inhaber nicht weniger als [Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen, 
die nicht weniger als 10 betragen darf] Tage und nicht mehr als [Höchstkündigungsfrist einfügen] 
Tage vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die Rückzahlung gemäß der Ausübungserklärung 
(wie nachstehend definiert) erfolgen soll, bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle 
während der normalen Geschäftszeiten eine ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllte Mitteilung zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung, ("Ausübungserklärung"), wie sie von der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle erhältlich ist, zu hinterlegen. Die Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen 
werden. Um das Recht, Rückzahlung verlangen zu können, auszuüben, muss der Inhaber dann, wenn die 
Schuldverschreibungen über Euroclear oder CBL gehalten werden, innerhalb der Kündigungsfrist die 
Emissionsstelle über eine solche Rechtsausübung in Übereinstimmung mit den Richtlinien von 
Euroclear und CBL in einer für Euroclear und CBL im Einzelfall akzeptablen Weise in Kenntnis setzen 
(wobei diese Richtlinien vorsehen können, dass die Emissionsstelle auf Weisung des Inhabers von 
Euroclear oder CBL oder einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle in elektronischer Form über die 
Rechtsausübung in Kenntnis gesetzt wird).] 
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen im Falle eines Kontrollwechsels vorzeitig kündbar sind, einfügen: 
 
[(3)][(4)][(5)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aufgrund eines Kontrollwechsels. 
 
(a) 
Für den Fall, dass ein Kontrollwechselereignis (wie nachfolgend definiert) eintritt: 
 
(i) erhält jeder Gläubiger das Recht, von der Emittentin durch Erklärung eines Rückzahlungsverlangens 
(das "Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsverlagen") zum Stichtag (wie nachstehend unter Absatz (a)(ii)(B) 
definiert) die Rückzahlung seiner Schuldverschreibungen, deren vorzeitige Rückzahlung nicht bereits 
auf andere Weise erklärt worden ist, ganz oder teilweise, zu deren festgelegter Stückelung 
einschließlich Zinsen bis zum Stichtag (ausschließlich) zu verlangen. Jedes Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsverlagen muss der Emissionsstelle nicht weniger als 30 Tage vor dem Stichtag 
zugehen; und 
 
(ii) wird die Emittentin (A) unmittelbar nachdem sie von dem Kontrollwechselereignis Kenntnis erlangt 
hat, dies gemäß § 12 unverzüglich bekannt machen, und (B) einen Zeitpunkt für die Zwecke des 
Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsverlangens (der "Stichtag") bestimmen und diesen gemäß § 12 bekannt 
machen. Der Stichtag muss ein Geschäftstag sein und darf nicht weniger als 60 und nicht mehr als 90 
Tage nach der gemäß Absatz (a)(ii)(A) erfolgten Bekanntmachung des Kontrollwechselereignisses 
liegen. 
 
(b) Das Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsverlangen ist in Textform gegenüber der Emissionsstelle zu erklären und 
an deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu übermitteln. Dem Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsverlangen ist ein 
Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem sich ergibt, dass der betreffende Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe 
des Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsverlangens Inhaber der betreffenden Schuldverschreibung ist. Der 
Nachweis kann durch eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank (wie in § 13 Absatz (4) definiert) oder auf 
andere geeignete Weise erbracht werden. Ein Vorzeitiges Rückzahlungsverlangen ist unwiderruflich. 
 
(c) Ein "Kontrollwechselereignis" tritt ein, wenn: 
 
(i) 
(1) die Emittentin vom betreffenden Aktionär Informationen erhält über (A) die Erlangung einer 
kontrollierenden Beteiligung nach § 22b des österreichischen Übernahmegesetzes (ÜbG) 
und/oder (B) die Erlangung einer kontrollierenden Beteiligung nach § 22 Abs. 1 ÜbG, (2) durch 
ein österreichisches Gericht oder eine österreichische Verwaltungsbehörde ein endgültiges und 
verbindliches Urteil über die Erlangung einer kontrollierenden Beteiligung an der Emittentin 
nach § 22 Abs. 1 oder § 22b ÜbG ergeht, (3) ein Übernahmeangebot zum Erwerb der 
kontrollierenden Beteiligung nach § 25a ÜbG erfolgreich abgeschlossen wurde, oder (4) die

--- Page 140 ---
140 
Emittentin alle oder im Wesentlichen alle ihre Vermögenswerte an eine Person oder Personen 
überträgt, bei denen es sich nicht um eine oder mehrere hundertprozentige Tochtergesellschaften 
der Emittentin handelt (wobei jedes dieser Ereignisse als "Kontrollwechsel" bezeichnet wird; 
Änderungen im Syndikat der Kernaktionäre (etwa Anteilsverschiebungen, Beitritt von Dritten) 
gelten nicht als Kontrollwechsel, solange die Kernaktionäre Österreichische Beteiligungs AG 
oder ihre Rechtsnachfolger oder eine sonstige Gesellschaft, die direkt oder indirekt von der 
Republik Österreich kontrolliert wird, und Mubadala Petroleum and Petrochemicals Holding 
Company L.L.C. oder Mubadala Investment Company PJSC oder deren jeweilige 
Rechtsnachfolger oder jede andere von der Regierung von Abu Dhabi direkt oder indirekt 
kontrollierte Gesellschaft jeweils einzeln oder gemeinsam mehr als 30% des Grundkapitals der 
Emittentin halten); und 
 
(ii) 
an dem Tag (der "Maßgebliche Bekanntgabetag"), bei dem es sich um den früheren der 
folgenden Tage handelt: (1) dem Tag der ersten öffentlichen Bekanntgabe des jeweiligen 
Kontrollwechsels und (2) dem Tag der frühesten Maßgeblichen Bekanntgabe des Möglichen 
Kontrollwechsels (wie nachstehend definiert), die Schuldverschreibungen: 
 
(A) über ein Investment-Grade-Rating (Baa3/BBB- oder ein entsprechendes oder besseres 
Kreditrating) einer beliebigen Ratingagentur (wie nachstehend definiert) verfügen und 
dieses Rating innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums entweder auf ein Rating unterhalb 
von Investment Grade (Ba1/BB+ oder ein entsprechendes oder schlechteres Rating) 
herabgestuft (das "Nicht-Investment-Grade-Rating") oder zurückgenommen wird und 
nicht innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums durch diese Ratingagentur wieder auf 
Investment Grade angehoben wird; oder 
 
(B) über ein Nicht-Investment-Grade-Rating einer beliebigen Ratingagentur verfügen und 
dieses Rating innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums entweder um einen oder mehrere 
Ratingstufen herabgestuft (beispielsweise wäre eine Herabstufung von Ba1 auf Ba2 eine 
Herabstufung um eine Ratingstufe) oder zurückgenommen wird und nicht innerhalb des 
Kontrollwechselzeitraums wieder auf mindestens das Kreditrating angehoben wird, über das 
die Schuldverschreibungen unmittelbar vor dieser Herabstufung durch die jeweilige 
Ratingagentur verfügten; oder 
 
(C) nicht über ein Rating durch eine beliebige Ratingagentur verfügen, und es der Emittentin 
nicht möglich ist, bis zum Ende des Kontrollwechselzeitraums ein Rating von mindestens 
Investment Grade zu erhalten; und 
 
(iii) 
die jeweilige Ratingagentur bei ihrer Entscheidung zur Herabstufung oder Zurücknahme eines 
Kreditratings gemäß den obigen Ziffern (ii)(A) und (ii)(B) öffentlich bekannt gibt oder schriftlich 
bestätigt, dass diese Entscheidung(en) ganz oder teilweise aufgrund des Eintritts des 
Kontrollwechsels oder der Maßgeblichen Bekanntgabe des Möglichen Kontrollwechsels 
erfolgte(n). 
 
(iv) 
verwenden Moody's, Standard & Poor's oder Fitch andere Ratingstufen als die oben unter (ii) 
genannten, oder wird ein Rating von einer Ersatz-Ratingagentur erhalten, so hat die Emittentin 
diejenigen Ratingstufen von Moody's, Standard & Poor's oder Fitch bzw. dieser Ersatz-
Ratingagentur zu ermitteln, die den vorherigen Ratingstufen von Moody's, Standard & Poor's 
oder Fitch am genausten entsprechen. 
 
(d) "Kontrollwechselzeitraum" bezeichnet den Zeitraum ab dem Maßgeblichen Bekanntgabetag bis 90 
Tage nach dem Kontrollwechsel (oder einen längeren Zeitraum, innerhalb dessen in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen eine Überprüfung des Ratings oder gegebenenfalls die Zuteilung eines Ratings 
durch eine Ratingagentur erwogen wird (wobei diese Erwägung innerhalb des Zeitraums öffentlich 
gemacht wurde, der 90 Tage nach dem Kontrollwechsel endet), der jedoch eine Dauer von 60 Tagen 
nach der öffentlichen Bekanntgabe dieser Erwägung nicht überschreiten darf).

--- Page 141 ---
141 
(e) 
"Kontrolle" bezeichnet das Direktionsrecht gegenüber der Geschäftsführung einer Tochtergesellschaft 
sowie das Recht, Entscheidungen in grundsätzlichen Angelegenheiten dieser Tochtergesellschaft zu 
treffen (einschließlich des Rechts zur Ernennung eines etwaigen Vorstands oder vergleichbaren Organs 
und/oder eines etwaigen Aufsichtsrats), gleich ob dies auf Stimmrechten, satzungsmäßigen Rechten, 
Rechten aus Gesellschafterverträgen, Rechten aus dem Vertragsrecht oder dem allgemein geltenden 
Recht oder auf anderen Umständen beruht. 
 
(f) 
"Person" bezeichnet eine natürliche Person, eine Gesellschaft, eine Kapitalgesellschaft, ein 
Unternehmen, eine Personengesellschaft, ein Joint Venture, einen Betrieb, eine Personenvereinigung, 
eine Organisation, ein Treuhandvermögen (trust), einen Staat oder eine Behörde eines Staates, jeweils 
gleich ob es sich dabei um einen eigenständigen Rechtsträger handelt. 
 
(g) "Ratingagentur" bezeichnet Moody's Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody's"), Standard & Poor′s Rating 
Services, ein Unternehmen von The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. ("Standard & Poor's") oder Fitch 
Ratings Ltd. ("Fitch") oder ihre jeweiligen Rechtsnachfolger oder jede andere Ratingagentur mit 
vergleichbarem internationalem Ruf, durch die die Emittentin sie jeweils ersetzt (eine "Ersatz-
Ratingagentur"). 
 
(h) "Maßgebliche Bekanntgabe des Möglichen Kontrollwechsels" bezeichnet eine öffentliche 
Bekanntgabe oder Erklärung der Emittentin, eines tatsächlichen oder potenziellen Bieters oder eines 
Beraters, der für einen tatsächlichen oder potenziellen Bieter handelt, in Bezug auf einen möglichen 
Kontrollwechsel, wenn innerhalb von 180 Tagen nach dem Tag dieser Bekanntgabe oder Erklärung ein 
Kontrollwechsel eintritt. 
 
(i) 
"Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet eine Gesellschaft, an der die Emittentin eine mittelbare oder 
unmittelbare Kontrolle ausübt. 
 
[(3)][(4)][(5)][(6)] Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
 
Für die Zwecke von Absatz (2) dieses § 5 und § 9, entspricht der vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag einer 
Schuldverschreibung dem Rückzahlungsbetrag (der "vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag"). 
 
§ 6 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE, DIE ZAHLSTELLE[N] [,] UND DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE  
 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Die anfänglich bestellte Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstelle[n] und die 
Berechnungsstelle und deren anfänglich bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen lauten wie folgt: 
 
Emissionsstelle: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland 
 
Zahlstelle[n]: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland 
 
[andere Zahlstellen und bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen einfügen, wenn Schuldverschreibungen via OeKB 
oder einem anderen Clearing System begeben werden]

--- Page 142 ---
142 
[Berechnungsstelle: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland] 
 
Die Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstelle[n] und die Berechnungsstelle behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch eine andere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, die Bestellung der 
Emissionsstelle oder einer Zahlstelle oder der Berechnungsstelle zu ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere 
Emissionsstelle oder zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen oder eine andere Berechnungsstelle zu bestellen. Die 
Emittentin wird jederzeit (i) eine Emissionsstelle unterhalten [,] [und] (ii) eine Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle außerhalb der Europäischen Union unterhalten [,] [und] [[(iii)] eine Zahlstelle (die die 
Emissionsstelle sein kann) mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in einer kontinentaleuropäischen Stadt 
unterhalten], [(iii)][(iv)] eine Zahlstelle (die die Emissionsstelle sein kann) mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle 
innerhalb der Republik Österreich unterhalten [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer Börse 
notiert sind, einfügen:[,] [und] [(iii)][(iv)][(v)] solange die Schuldverschreibungen an der [Name der Börse] 
notiert sind, eine Zahlstelle (die die Emissionsstelle sein kann) mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in [Sitz der 
Börse] und/oder an solchen anderen Orten unterhalten, die die Regeln dieser Börse verlangen] [Im Fall von 
Zahlungen in U.S.-Dollar einfügen: [,] [und] [(iii)][(iv)][(v)][(vi)] falls Zahlungen bei den oder durch die 
Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 4 Absatz 3 definiert) aufgrund 
der Einführung von Devisenbeschränkungen oder ähnlichen Beschränkungen hinsichtlich oder vollständigen 
Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden Beträge in U.S.-Dollar widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich 
ausgeschlossen werden, eine Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New York City unterhalten] und 
[(iii)][(iv)][(v)][(vi)][(vii)] eine Berechnungsstelle [Falls die Berechnungsstelle eine bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle an einem vorgeschriebenen Ort zu unterhalten hat, einfügen: mit bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle in [vorgeschriebenen Ort einfügen]] unterhalten. Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung 
oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort 
wirksam wird), sofern die Inhaber hierüber gemäß § 12 vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 30 
und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstelle[n] und die Berechnungsstelle handeln 
ausschließlich als Beauftragte der Emittentin und übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den 
Inhabern; es wird kein Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Inhabern begründet. 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
 
(1) Steuern. Alle in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge (Kapital, Zinsen und 
zusätzliche Beträge) sind ohne Einbehalt an der Quelle oder Abzug an der Quelle von irgendwelchen 
gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben gleich welcher Art, die von oder in der 
Republik Österreich oder irgendeiner ihrer Gebietskörperschaften oder Behörden mit Steuerhoheit erhoben 
werden ("Quellensteuer"), zu zahlen, es sei denn, die Quellensteuer ist kraft Gesetzes oder einer sonstigen 
Rechtsvorschrift abzuziehen oder einzubehalten und an die zuständigen Behörden abzuführen. In diesem Fall 
trägt die Emittentin vorbehaltlich des Absatzes 2 diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge, die erforderlich sind, dass 
die von jedem Inhaber zu empfangenden Nettobeträge nach einem solchen Abzug oder Einbehalt von 
Quellensteuer den Beträgen entsprechen, die der Inhaber ohne einen solchen Abzug oder Einbehalt von 
Quellensteuer erhalten hätte.  
 
(2) Keine zusätzlichen Beträge. Die Emittentin ist jedoch zur Zahlung zusätzlicher Beträge wegen solcher 
Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben nicht verpflichtet: 
 
(a) 
denen der Inhaber der Schuldverschreibungen aus irgendeinem anderen Grund als der bloßen Tatsache 
unterliegt, dass er Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen ist und zwar insbesondere, wenn der Inhaber von

--- Page 143 ---
143 
Schuldverschreibungen aufgrund einer persönlichen unbeschränkten oder beschränkten Steuerpflicht 
derartigen Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben unterliegt; oder 
 
[(b) denen der Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen nicht unterläge, wenn er seine Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. Zinsansprüche innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem jeweiligen Fälligkeitstag oder nach dem 
maßgeblichen Tag, wie unten definiert, der jeweiligen Zahlstelle i.S.v. § 6 zur Zahlung vorgelegt bzw. 
geltend gemacht hätte; oder] 
 
[(b)][(c)] die von einer Zahlstelle in einem Land abgezogen oder einbehalten werden, wenn eine andere 
Zahlstelle in einem anderen Land die Zahlung ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug hätte leisten 
können; oder 
 
[(c)][(d)] die auf andere Weise als durch Einbehalt an der Quelle oder Abzug an der Quelle aus Zahlungen von 
Kapital oder etwaigen Zinsen zu entrichten sind; oder 
 
[[(d)][(e)] 
die nur abgezogen und einbehalten werden, weil die Schuldverschreibungen effektiv zur 
Einlösung am Schalter vorgelegt werden; oder] 
 
[(d)][(e)][(f)] 
denen der Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen deshalb unterliegt, weil er in der Republik 
Österreich ansässig ist oder weil er andere persönliche oder geschäftliche Verbindungen zu diesen 
Ländern hat und nicht lediglich aufgrund der Tatsache, dass Zahlungen gemäß diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen aus der Republik Österreich stammen oder steuerlich so behandelt werden; oder 
 
[[(e)][(f)][(g)] 
wenn irgendwelche Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben nur deshalb erhoben oder an der 
Quelle abgezogen werden, weil der Inhaber der Schuldverschreibungen oder der aus einer 
Schuldverschreibung wirtschaftlich Berechtigte es versäumt hat, irgendwelche Anforderungen 
(einschließlich die Verpflichtung zur Beibringung notwendiger Formulare und/oder anderer Unterlagen) 
aus einem Gesetz, einem Vertrag, einer Bestimmung oder einer administrativen Regelung der 
Steuergesetzgebung, aufgrund dessen er einen Anspruch auf Erlass der gesamten Steuer, Gebühr oder 
Abgabe oder eines Teils davon gehabt hätte, zu erfüllen, soweit eine solche Erfüllung als eine 
Vorbedingung vorausgesetzt wird, um von solchen Steuern, Gebühren, Pflichten, einem solchen 
Bescheid oder Abgabe abgeholfen oder befreit zu werden; oder] 
 
[(e)][(f)][(g)][(h)] die auf Grundlage der EU-Zinsrichtlinie betreffend die Einführung des EU-weiten 
Informationsaustauschs und die Besteuerung von Zinseinkünften in der vom Rat der Europäischen 
Union am 3. Juni 2003 erlassenen Fassung, oder aufgrund irgendeines Gesetzes oder einer 
Rechtsvorschrift, welche(s) diese Richtlinie beziehungsweise die in der Sitzung des ECOFIN-Rates vom 
13. Dezember 2001 erzielten Ergebnisse umsetzt oder deren Anforderungen erfüllt, oder welches 
erlassen wird, um dieser Richtlinie zu entsprechen, auf eine Zahlung an eine natürliche Person erhoben 
werden; oder 
 
[(f)][(g)][(h)][(i)] jede Kombination der Absätze (a), [(b),] [(b)][(c)], [(c)][(d)], [[(d)][(e)],] [(d)][(e)][(f)], 
[[(e)][(f)][(g)],] und [(e)][(f)][(g)][(h)]. 
 
Außerdem sind zusätzliche Beträge nicht im Hinblick auf Zahlungen unter den Schuldverschreibungen an 
solche Gläubiger zu zahlen, die Treuhänder oder Personengesellschaften sind bzw. nicht wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer im Hinblick auf eine solche Zahlung sind, sofern eine solche Zahlung nach den Gesetzen der 
Republik Österreich, unter Steuerzwecken bei der Berücksichtigung des Einkommens eines Berechtigten oder 
Errichters eines Trusts oder des Gesellschafter einer solchen Personengesellschaft oder eines wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümers zu berücksichtigen wäre, die nicht zum Erhalt zusätzlicher Beträge berechtigt wären, wenn ein 
solcher Berechtigter, Errichter eines Trusts, Gesellschafter einer Personengesellschaft oder wirtschaftlicher 
Eigentümer Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen gewesen wäre. 
 
(3) Maßgeblicher Tag. Der "maßgebliche Tag" im Sinne dieser Emissionsbedingungen ist der Tag, an dem 
eine solche Zahlung zuerst fällig wird. Wenn jedoch die betreffende Zahlstelle die volle Summe der zu 
zahlenden Beträge nicht am oder vor dem jeweiligen Zahltag ordnungsgemäß erhalten hat, dann ist der 
maßgebliche Tag der Tag, an dem die betreffende Zahlstelle die volle Summe der zu zahlenden Beträge

--- Page 144 ---
144 
erhalten hat und eine Mitteilung hierüber gemäß § 12 an die Inhaber der Schuldverschreibungen 
ordnungsgemäß übermittelt wurde. 
 
§ 8 
HINTERLEGUNG, VORLEGUNGSFRIST, VERJÄHRUNGSFRIST 
 
(1) Hinterlegung. Die Emittentin kann die von Inhabern von Schuldverschreibungen innerhalb von zwölf 
Monaten nach Fälligkeit nicht geltend gemachten Beträge an Kapital und etwaigen Zinsen auf Gefahr und 
Kosten dieser Inhaber der Schuldverschreibungen beim Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main unter Verzicht auf 
das Recht der Rücknahme hinterlegen, auch wenn die Inhaber sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. Mit der 
Hinterlegung unter Verzicht auf das Recht der Rücknahme erlischt jeglicher Anspruch dieser Inhaber der 
Schuldverschreibungen gegen die Emittentin und für die Erfüllung von deren Verbindlichkeiten haftende 
Dritte. 
 
(2) Vorlegungsfrist. Die Vorlegungsfrist gemäß § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB wird auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
 
(3) Verjährungsfrist. Die Verjährungsfrist für während der Vorlegungsfrist zur Zahlung vorgelegte 
Schuldverschreibungen beträgt zwei Jahre beginnend mit dem Ablauf der jeweiligen Vorlegungsfrist.  
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNGSGRÜNDE 
 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen ist berechtigt, seine sämtlichen 
Forderungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen durch Kündigung gegenüber der Emissionsstelle fällig zu stellen 
und Rückzahlung des vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrages zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Tage der Rückzahlung 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, wenn 
 
(a) 
die Emittentin, gleichgültig aus welchen Gründen, (i) Kapital innerhalb von sieben Tagen nach dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag oder (ii) etwaige Zinsen aus den Schuldverschreibungen einschließlich 
etwaiger gemäß § 7 Absatz 1 zu zahlender zusätzlicher Beträge, innerhalb von 14 Tagen nach dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag nicht zahlt; oder 
 
(b) die Emittentin, gleichgültig aus welchen Gründen, mit der Erfüllung einer anderen Verpflichtung aus 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen länger als 30 Tage nachdem die Emissionsstelle eine schriftliche 
Mitteilung von einem Inhaber erhalten hat in Rückstand kommt; oder 
 
(c) 
(i) sonstige gegenwärtige oder zukünftige Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeiten der Emittentin oder einer ihrer 
Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften (gemäß der Definition in § 2 (2)) für oder in Bezug auf 
aufgenommene Gelder aufgrund eines tatsächlichen oder möglichen Verzugs, Kündigungsgrunds oder 
ähnlichem Umstand (gleich wie dieser beschrieben ist) vor der angegebenen Fälligkeit zur Zahlung fällig 
werden oder (ii) die Zahlung entsprechender Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeiten nicht bei Fälligkeit bzw. 
innerhalb einer etwaigen Nachfrist erfolgt oder (iii) die Emittentin oder eine ihrer Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften (gemäß der Definition in § 2 (2)) einen Betrag, der unter einer bestehenden oder 
zukünftigen Garantie oder Freistellungserklärung im Zusammenhang mit Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeiten 
für oder in Bezug auf aufgenommene Gelder zu zahlen ist, bei Fälligkeit nicht zahlt, wobei die 
Gesamthöhe der entsprechenden Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeiten, Garantien und Freistellungen, in Bezug 
auf die eines oder mehrere der in dieser Ziffer (c) genannten Ereignisse eingetreten sind, 
EUR 100.000.000 (oder den entsprechenden Gegenwert auf Basis des an dem Tag, für den dieser Absatz 
gilt, durch eine führende Bank quotierten Kassamittelkurses der jeweiligen Fremdwährung gegenüber 
dem Euro) übersteigt oder diesem Betrag entsprechen muss; oder 
 
(d) hinsichtlich eines Teils des Vermögens, der Vermögenswerte oder Einkünfte der Emittentin oder einer 
ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften (gemäß der Definition in § 2 (2)) ein dinglicher Arrest, eine 
Beschlagnahme, eine Zwangsvollstreckung oder ein sonstiges rechtliches Verfahren eingeleitet, 
durchgeführt oder vollstreckt und nicht innerhalb von dreißig Tagen aufgegeben oder zurückgenommen 
wird; oder

--- Page 145 ---
145 
(e) 
durch die Emittentin oder eine ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften (gemäß der Definition in 
§ 2 (2)) bestellte oder übernommene gegenwärtige oder zukünftige Grundpfandrechte, Pfandrechte oder 
sonstige Belastungen im Gegenwert eines EUR 50.000.000 (oder den entsprechenden Gegenwert auf 
Basis des an dem Tag, für den dieser Absatz gilt, durch eine führende Bank quotierten Kassamittelkurses 
der jeweiligen Fremdwährung gegenüber dem Euro) entsprechenden oder übersteigenden Betrags zur 
Verwertung gelangen und Schritte zu ihrer Verwertung eingeleitet werden (einschließlich der 
Inbesitznahme oder die Bestellung eines Insolvenzverwalters, Zwangsverwalters oder ähnlichen Person); 
oder 
 
(f) 
ein Gericht ein Konkurs- oder Insolvenzverfahren (oder ein vergleichbares Verfahren) gegen die 
Emittentin in der entsprechenden Rechtsordnung eröffnet worden ist, und diese Entscheidung nicht 
innerhalb von 60 Tagen aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt worden ist, oder die Emittentin von sich aus ein 
solches Verfahren beantragt; oder 
 
(g) die Emittentin oder eine ihrer Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaften (wie in § 2 (2) definiert), wobei der 
Geschäftsbetrieb oder die Vermögenswerte der Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft auf die Emittentin 
übertragen wurden oder in anderer Weise zu der Emittentin oder einer ihrer Tochtergesellschaften (wie 
in § 2 (2) definiert) gehören, aufgelöst oder liquidiert wird oder irgendeine Maßnahme zum Zwecke der 
Liquidation trifft, es sei denn, dass eine solche Liquidation im Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung, 
Konsolidierung oder einer anderen Form des Zusammenschlusses mit einer anderen Gesellschaft erfolgt 
und diese Gesellschaft alle Verpflichtungen aus diesen Emissionsbedingungen übernimmt; oder 
 
(h) die Emittentin die Zahlungen ganz oder ihre Geschäftstätigkeit einstellt; oder 
 
(i) 
es gegen geltendes Recht verstößt, dass die Emittentin ihren Verpflichtungen aus Schuldverschreibungen 
nachkommt; oder 
 
(j) 
irgendein Ereignis eintritt, welches nach dem Recht einer relevanten Rechtsordnung mit denen in den 
vorherigen Paragraphen genannten Ereignissen vergleichbar ist. 
 
(2) Übermittlung. Eine derartige Kündigung zur Rückzahlung ist in Textform an die Emissionsstelle zu 
richten und wird mit Zugang bei dieser wirksam. Die Fälligkeit tritt ein am 14. Tag nach Zugang der 
Kündigung, es sei denn, dass im Falle des Absatzes (1)(a) oder (1)(b) die Verpflichtung vorher erfüllt worden 
ist. 
 
§ 10 
SCHULDNERERSETZUNG 
 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, ohne Zustimmung der Inhaber von 
Schuldverschreibungen eine andere Gesellschaft, die als Emittentin unter diesem Programm ernannt wurde, 
als Emittentin (die "Neue Emittentin") hinsichtlich aller Verpflichtungen aus oder in Verbindung mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen an die Stelle der Emittentin zu setzen, sofern: 
 
(a) 
die Neue Emittentin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus oder in Verbindung mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
 
(b) die Emittentin und die Neue Emittentin alle etwa notwendigen Genehmigungen von den zuständigen 
Behörden erhalten hat, wonach die Neue Emittentin alle Beträge, die zur Erfüllung der aus oder in 
Verbindung mit den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Zahlungsverpflichtungen erforderlich sind, in 
der festgelegten Währung oder einer anderen erforderlichen Währung ohne Einbehalt an der Quelle oder 
Abzug an der Quelle von irgendwelchen Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben in dem Land, in dem die 
Neue Emittentin ansässig ist, an die jeweilige Zahlstelle transferieren darf; 
 
(c) 
die Emittentin in einer nach Form und Inhalt gleichen Art wie in der ursprünglichen Garantie durch die 
Emittentin unbedingt und unwiderruflich die Verpflichtungen der Neuen Emittentin garantiert. 
 
(2) Bezugnahmen. Im Falle einer solchen Schuldnerersetzung gilt jede in diesen Emissionsbedingungen

--- Page 146 ---
146 
enthaltene Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin fortan als auf die Neue Emittentin bezogen, und jede Bezugnahme 
auf das Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz hat, gilt fortan als auf das Land, in dem die Neue Emittentin 
ihren Sitz hat, bezogen, und, soweit hierbei ein Unterschied gemacht werden muss, auf das Land, in dem die 
Neue Emittentin für steuerliche Zwecke als gebietsansässig betrachtet wird. 
 
(3) Mitteilung. Eine Schuldnerersetzung gemäß Absatz 1 dieses § 10 ist für die Inhaber von 
Schuldverschreibungen bindend und ist ihnen mit einer Frist von mindestens 15 Geschäftstagen vor 
Inkrafttreten der Schuldnerersetzung gemäß § 12 öffentlich bekannt zu machen. 
 
§ 11 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, 
RÜCKKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG 
 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin behält sich vor, ohne Zustimmung der Inhaber 
der Schuldverschreibungen weitere Schuldverschreibungen in der Weise zu begeben, dass sie mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen dieser Tranche zusammengefasst werden, eine einheitliche Emission (Serie) mit ihnen 
bilden und ihren Gesamtnennbetrag erhöhen. Die Schuldverschreibungen einer Serie haben identische 
Emissionsbedingungen und Ausstattungsmerkmale mit Ausnahme (im Fall von mehr als einer Tranche) des 
Begebungstages, 
des 
Verzinsungsbeginns 
und 
des 
Emissionspreises. 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
"Schuldverschreibungen" gelten in gleicher Weise als Bezugnahmen auf solche Tranchen oder Serien. 
 
(2) Rückkauf und Entwertung. Der Emittentin und jeder ihrer Tochtergesellschaften ist es erlaubt, 
Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder auf andere Weise zu jedem Preis zurückzukaufen. Zurückgekaufte oder 
auf andere Weise von der Emittentin oder jeweiligen Tochtergesellschaft erworbene Schuldverschreibungen 
können gehalten, wiederverkauft oder nach Wahl der Emittentin bzw. der betreffenden Tochtergesellschaft 
der jeweiligen Zahlstelle zur Entwertung überlassen werden. 
 
§ 12 
MITTEILUNGEN 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer Börse notiert sind, einfügen: 
 
(1) Bekanntmachung.  
 
[Sofern eine Mitteilung durch Publikation in einer führenden Tageszeitung möglich ist, einfügen: Alle 
die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen sind in einer führenden Tageszeitung mit allgemeiner 
Verbreitung in [Österreich] [Deutschland] [Luxemburg] [London] [anderen Ort einfügen], voraussichtlich 
[Amtsblatt zur Wiener Zeitung] [die Börsen-Zeitung] [Luxemburger Wort] [Tageblatt] [die Financial Times] 
[andere Zeitung mit allgemeiner Verbreitung einfügen] in deutscher oder englischer Sprache zu 
veröffentlichen [Sofern zusätzlich eine Mitteilung durch elektronische Publikation auf der Website der 
betreffenden Börse(n) erfolgt:, einfügen: [und werden über die Website der Luxemburger Börse unter 
"www.bourse.lu"] [und der] [[betreffende Börse einfügen] unter [Website der Börse einfügen]] 
veröffentlicht]. [Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt mit dem Tag der Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt.]] 
 
[Sofern eine Mitteilung durch Elektronische Publikation auf der Website der betreffenden Börse 
möglich ist, einfügen: Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen können auch durch 
elektronische Publikation auf der Website der [betreffende Börse einfügen] (www. [Internetadresse 
einfügen]). Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt mit dem Tag der Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt.]] 
 
[(2)] Mitteilung an das Clearing System. 
 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht notiert sind, einfügen: Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die Inhaber 
übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing 
System als den Inhabern mitgeteilt.]

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an der Official List der Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, 
einfügen: Solange Schuldverschreibungen an der Official List der Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, findet 
Absatz 1 Anwendung. Soweit dies Mitteilungen über den Zinssatz betrifft oder die Regeln der Luxemburger 
Börse dies zulassen, kann die Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung nach Absatz 1 durch eine Mitteilung an das 
Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die Inhaber ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach 
dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den Inhabern mitgeteilt.] 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer anderen Börse als der Luxemburger Börse notiert 
sind, einfügen: Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, eine Veröffentlichung nach Absatz 1 durch eine Mitteilung an 
das Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die Inhaber zu ersetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass die Regeln der Börse, 
an der die Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, diese Form der Mitteilung zulassen. Jede derartige Mitteilung 
gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den Inhabern mitgeteilt.] 
 
§ 13 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, ERFÜLLUNGSORT, GERICHTSSTAND 
UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen und der Globalurkunde(n) sowie alle 
sich daraus ergebenden Rechte und Pflichten bestimmen sich ausschließlich nach dem Recht der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland.  
 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten, die sich aus den in diesen Emissionsbedingungen geregelten 
Rechtsverhältnissen ergeben, sind die Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen berechtigt, ihre Ansprüche nach 
ihrer Entscheidung entweder vor den zuständigen Gerichten in dem Land des Sitzes der Emittentin oder vor 
dem zuständigen Gericht in Frankfurt am Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, geltend zu machen. Alle 
anderen Gerichtsstände sind ausgeschlossen. Es gilt als vereinbart, dass diese Gerichte ausschließlich das 
Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland anwenden sollen.  
 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen ist berechtigt, in jedem 
Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem der Inhaber und die Emittentin Partei 
sind, seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage geltend 
zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank bei, bei der er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein 
Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche (a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des Inhabers 
enthält, (b) den Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der 
Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem 
Clearing System eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten 
Informationen enthält; oder (ii) er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearing 
System oder des Verwahrers des Clearing System bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege 
oder der die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich 
wäre. Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei der/dem der 
Inhaber ein Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing Systems. 
Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann jeder Inhaber seine Rechte aus den Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede 
andere Weise schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land, in dem der Rechtsstreit eingeleitet wird, prozessual 
zulässig ist. 
 
(4) Kraftloserklärung. Die deutschen Gerichte sind ausschließlich zuständig für die Kraftloserklärung 
abhanden gekommener oder vernichteter Globalurkunden.  
 
§ 14 
TEILUNWIRKSAMKEIT 
 
Sollte eine der vorstehenden Bestimmungen dieser Emissionsbedingungen unwirksam oder undurchführbar 
sein oder werden, so bleibt die Wirksamkeit und die Durchführbarkeit der übrigen Bestimmungen hiervon 
unberührt. Anstelle der unwirksamen oder undurchführbaren Bestimmung soll eine, soweit rechtlich möglich,

--- Page 148 ---
148 
dem Sinn und Zweck dieser Emissionsbedingungen zum Zeitpunkt der Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen 
entsprechende Regelung gelten. Unter Umständen, unter denen sich diese Emissionsbedingungen als 
unvollständig erweisen, soll eine ergänzende Auslegung, die dem Sinn und Zweck dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen entspricht, unter angemessener Berücksichtigung der berechtigten Interessen der 
beteiligten Parteien erfolgen. 
 
§ 15 
SPRACHE 
 
[Sofern die Emissionsbedingungen in der deutschen Sprache abgefasst werden, einfügen: Diese 
Emissionsbedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. [Sofern eine unverbindliche Übersetzung in 
die englische Sprache beigefügt wird, einfügen: Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. 
Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.]] 
 
[Sofern die Emissionsbedingungen in der englischen Sprache mit einer unverbindlichen Übersetzung in 
die deutsche Sprache abgefasst werden, einfügen: Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in englischer Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.]

--- Page 149 ---
149 
OPTION III: 
 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN  
FÜR NULLKUPON–SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, EIGENTUM, DEFINITIONEN 
 
(1) Währung, Stückelung. Diese Tranche [Tranchen-Nummer einfügen] von Schuldverschreibungen (die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") der OMV Aktiengesellschaft, die für sich oder mit einer oder mehreren Tranchen 
gemeinsam eine "Serie" bilden kann, wird in [festgelegte Währung einfügen] (die "festgelegte Währung") 
im Gesamtnennbetrag [Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, einfügen: (vorbehaltlich § 1(6))] von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag einfügen] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten einfügen]) in einer Stückelung 
von [festgelegte Stückelung einfügen] (die "festgelegten Stückelung") begeben. 
 
[Im Fall einer Zusammenfassung der Tranche mit einer bestehenden Serie, einfügen: Diese Tranche 
[Tranchen-Nr. einfügen] wird mit der Serie [Seriennummer einfügen], ISIN [●] / WKN [●], Tranche 1 
begeben am [Valutierungstag der ersten Tranche einfügen] [Für jede weitere Tranche jeweils einfügen: 
und der Tranche [Tranchen-Nr. einfügen] begeben am [Valutierungstag dieser Tranche einfügen] dieser 
Serie] konsolidiert und formt mit dieser eine einheitliche Serie [Seriennummer einfügen]. Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Serie [Seriennummer einfügen] lautet [Gesamtnennbetrag der gesamten 
konsolidierten Serie [Seriennummer einfügen] einfügen].]  
 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber. 
 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde - Austausch. 
 
(a) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde (die "Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") verbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in den 
festgelegten Stückelungen, die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") verbrieft 
sind, ausgetauscht. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde (jeweils eine 
"Globalurkunde") tragen jeweils die eigenhändigen oder faksimilierten Unterschriften zweier 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und sind jeweils von der Emissionsstelle (wie 
in § 6 festgelegt) oder in deren Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an einem Tag gegen die Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der nicht 
weniger als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der vorläufigen Globalurkunde liegt. Ein solcher 
Austausch darf nur nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen erfolgen, wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen keine 
U.S.-Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, die 
Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten). Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 
40. Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der vorläufigen Globalurkunde eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen 
behandelt werden, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß Absatz (b) dieses § 1 (3) auszutauschen. 
Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur außerhalb der 
Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 4 (3) definiert) zu liefern. 
 
(4) Clearing System. [Die][Jede] Globalurkunde wird solange von einem oder im Namen eines Clearing 
Systems verwahrt, bis sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
"Clearing System" bedeutet [Bei mehr als einem Clearing System einfügen: jeweils] Folgendes: 
[Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg ("CBL")] 
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear")] [CBL und Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die 
"ICSDs"] [OeKB CSD GmbH ("OeKB")] [,] [und] [anderes Clearing System angeben] oder jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, einfügen: 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, einfügen: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer new 
global note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Sicherheitsverwahrstelle (common safekeeper) 
im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine CGN ist, einfügen: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer 
classical global note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider 
ICSDs verwahrt.] 
 
(5) Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen. "Inhaber" bezeichnet jeden Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils oder 
anderen Rechts an den Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, einfügen: 
 
(6) 
Register 
der 
ICSDs. 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. 
Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen man die Register versteht, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den 
Betrag ihres Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis über den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu diesen 
Zwecken von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem Gesamtnennbetrag der so verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen ist ein schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt des Registers des jeweiligen ICSD zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt. 
 
Bei Rückzahlung der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei Kauf und 
Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass 
die Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf und Löschung bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro 
rata in die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und dass nach dieser Eintragung vom 
Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften und entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen.] 
 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, einfügen: Bei Austausch eines Anteils von 
ausschließlich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen wird die Emittentin 
sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro rata in die Aufzeichnungen der ICSDs 
aufgenommen werden.]] 
 
[(6)][(7)] Eigentum. 
 
(a) 
Der 
Inhaber 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gilt 
(soweit 
nicht 
zwingende 
Gesetzes- 
oder 
Verwaltungsbestimmungen entgegenstehen) in jeder Hinsicht als Alleineigentümer (ob fällig oder nicht 
fällig, und unabhängig von irgendwelchen Mitteilungen bezüglich des Eigentums, möglichen 
Treuhandschaften oder anderen Ansprüchen hieran oder hieraus, etwaigen Vermerken auf der Urkunde 
oder einem Diebstahl oder Verlust) und niemand kann dafür verantwortlich gemacht werden, dass er den 
Inhaber als Alleineigentümer angesehen hat. 
 
(b) Die Übertragung des Eigentums an Schuldverschreibungen geschieht durch Einigung der beteiligten 
Parteien über den Eigentumsübergang und durch die Übergabe oder auf andere Weise in 
Übereinstimmung mit den jeweils anzuwendenden Gesetzen und Vorschriften einschließlich der Regeln 
beteiligter Clearing Systeme. Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf "Inhaber" von 
Schuldverschreibungen sind Bezugnahmen auf die Inhaber solcher Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
[(7)][(8)] Geschäftstag. In diesen Emissionsbedingungen bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" einen Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem (i) das Clearing System und (ii) [Falls die festgelegte Währung Euro ist, 
einfügen: [TARGET (wie nachstehend definiert)] [und Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche 
relevante Finanzzentren einfügen]]] [Falls die festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, einfügen:

--- Page 151 ---
151 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen]] Zahlungen 
abwickeln. 
 
[Falls TARGET anwendbar ist, einfügen: "TARGET" bedeutet das Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer-Zahlungssystem 2 oder jedes Nachfolgesystem.] 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVERKLÄRUNG 
 
(1) Status. Die Verpflichtungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen begründen direkte, unbedingte und 
unbesicherte Verpflichtungen der Emittentin, die jederzeit gleichrangig untereinander und mindestens 
gleichrangig mit allen anderen gegenwärtigen und zukünftigen unbesicherten Verpflichtungen der Emittentin 
bestehen. Hiervon sind solche Verpflichtungen ausgenommen, die aufgrund zwingender und allgemein 
anwendbarer gesetzlicher Bestimmungen vorrangig sind. 
 
(2) Negativerklärung. Solange Schuldverschreibung ausstehen, wird die Emittentin ihre gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen Vermögenswerte nicht mit Grundpfandrechten, Pfandrechten oder sonstigen Sicherungsrechten 
zur 
Besicherung 
einer 
Maßgeblichen 
Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeit 
oder 
Garantie 
bzw. 
Freistellungsverpflichtung im Hinblick auf eine Maßgebliche Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeit belasten oder 
solche Rechte zu diesem Zweck bestehen lassen, ohne gleichzeitig oder vorher die Schuldverschreibungen auf 
gleiche Weise und anteilig damit zu besichern und die Emittentin wird dafür Sorge tragen, dass ihre 
Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften gleichermaßen ihre gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Vermögenswerte 
nicht mit Grundpfandrechten, Pfandrechten oder sonstigen Sicherungsrechten zur Besicherung einer 
Maßgeblichen Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeit oder Garantie bzw. Freistellungsverpflichtung im Hinblick auf 
eine Maßgebliche Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeit belasten oder solche Rechte zu diesem Zweck bestehen lassen, 
ohne gleichzeitig oder vorher die Schuldverschreibungen auf gleiche Weise und anteilig damit zu besichern. 
 
"Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet jede Tochtergesellschaft (wie nachfolgend definiert), auf die 
Folgendes zutrifft: 
 
(a) 
ihr (bei einen Konzernabschluss erstellenden Tochtergesellschaften: konsolidierter bzw. bei keinen 
Konzernabschluss erstellenden Tochtergesellschaften: nicht konsolidierter) Jahresüberschuss oder 
ihre (bei einen Konzernabschluss erstellenden Tochtergesellschaften: konsolidierte bzw. bei keinen 
Konzernabschluss erstellenden Tochtergesellschaften: nicht konsolidierte) Bilanzsumme beträgt 
mindestens 10% des Konzernjahresüberschusses oder gegebenenfalls der Konzern-Bilanzsumme der 
Emittentin und ihrer Tochtergesellschaften zusammengenommen. Die Berechnung erfolgt jeweils 
auf Grundlage des aktuellsten (konsolidierten bzw. nicht konsolidierten) Abschlusses der 
Tochtergesellschaft und des zu diesem Zeitpunkt aktuellsten geprüften Konzernabschlusses der 
Emittentin. Wurde eine Tochtergesellschaft nach Ablauf des Berichtszeitraums erworben, auf den 
sich der zu diesem Zeitpunkt aktuellste geprüfte Konzernabschluss der Emittentin (für die 
Anwendung der vorstehend beschriebenen Überprüfung) bezieht, so gilt die Bezugnahme auf den 
aktuellsten geprüften Konzernabschluss der Emittentin als Bezugnahme auf diesen Abschluss, so als 
wäre die entsprechende Tochtergesellschaft unter Zugrundelegung ihres zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
aktuellsten Abschlusses darin ausgewiesen (nach Anpassung durch den jeweils aktuellen 
Abschlussprüfer der Emittentin nach dessen Ermessen in Absprache mit der Emittentin); oder 
 
(b) 
die Geschäftstätigkeit, Betriebe und Vermögenswerte wurden in ihrer Gesamtheit oder im 
Wesentlichen in ihrer Gesamtheit von einer anderen Tochtergesellschaft, bei der es sich unmittelbar 
vor der Übertragung um eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft handelte, an diese Tochtergesellschaft 
übertragen, wobei (i) im Falle der Übertragung durch eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft die 
übertragende 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
umgehend 
den 
Status 
als 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft verliert und (ii) die aufnehmende Tochtergesellschaft umgehend zu einer 
Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft wird. Dabei gilt, dass an oder nach dem Zeitpunkt der 
Veröffentlichung des entsprechenden Abschlusses für den Berichtszeitraum, in dem die Übertragung 
stattfindet, die Frage, ob es sich bei der übertragenden oder der aufnehmenden Tochtergesellschaft 
jeweils um eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft handelt, gemäß den Vorgaben der vorstehenden 
Ziffer (a) zu entscheiden ist.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
Die in einem Bericht getroffene Feststellung durch zwei ordnungsgemäß ermächtigte Personen der Emittentin, 
dass es sich bei einer Tochtergesellschaft ihrer Auffassung nach (gegebenenfalls unter Vornahme ihnen 
angemessen erscheinender Anpassungen) zu einem gegebenen Zeitpunkt oder während eines gegebenen 
Zeitraums um eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft handelt(e) oder nicht um eine solche handelte, ist (außer 
im Falle offensichtlicher Fehler) endgültig und bindend für die Emittentin und die Inhaber. 
 
"Maßgebliche Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeiten" bezeichnet jegliche Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeiten in Form 
von (oder verbrieft durch) Anleihen, Schuldverschreibungen, Schuldtitel, festverzinsliche Schuldtitel oder 
sonstige Wertpapiere, soweit sie an einer Börse oder im Freiverkehr oder in einem anderen Wertpapiermarkt 
notiert, zugelassen oder gehandelt werden oder notiert, zugelassen oder gehandelt werden können oder deren 
Notierung, Zulassung oder Handel beabsichtigt ist. 
 
"Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet einen Rechtsträger, dessen Abschluss aufgrund gesetzlicher Vorgaben oder 
nach Maßgabe allgemein anerkannter Rechnungslegungsgrundsätze zu einem beliebigen Zeitpunkt mit dem 
der Emittentin zu konsolidieren ist (Vollkonsolidierung). 
 
"ausstehend" bezeichnet in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen alle begebenen Schuldverschreibungen, mit 
Ausnahme (a) derjenigen, die gemäß diesen Emissionsbedingungen zurückgezahlt wurden, (b) derjenigen, für 
die der Rückzahlungstag eingetreten ist und die Rückzahlungsgelder (einschließlich aller nach diesem Tag 
gemäß diesen Emissionsbedingungen zu zahlenden Zinsen) ordnungsgemäß an die Emissionsstelle gezahlt 
wurden und weiterhin zur Auszahlung gegen Vorlage und Einreichung von Schuldverschreibungen zur 
Verfügung stehen, (c) derjenigen, in Bezug auf welche Ansprüche nichtig geworden sind, (d) derjenigen, die 
gemäß 
diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen 
erworben 
und 
eingezogen 
wurden, 
(e) 
derjenigen 
Schuldverschreibungen, die beschädigt wurden oder unbrauchbar geworden sind und im Tausch gegen Ersatz-
Schuldverschreibungen eingereicht wurden, (f) (lediglich zur Ermittlung, wie viele Schuldverschreibungen 
ausstehen und bei wie vielen der Status nicht für andere Zwecke beeinträchtigt ist) derjenigen 
Schuldverschreibungen, die für verloren, gestohlen oder zerstört erklärt wurden und für die Ersatz-
Schuldverschreibungen ausgegeben wurden, sowie (g) der Vorläufigen Globalurkunde, soweit diese gemäß 
ihren Bestimmungen gegen die Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht wurde, und der Dauerglobalurkunde, soweit 
diese gemäß ihren Bestimmungen gegen Einzelurkunden ausgetauscht wurde. 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
 
(1) Keine periodischen Zinszahlungen. Es werden keine periodischen Zinszahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorgenommen. 
 
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen. Sollte die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlösen, fallen 
auf den ausstehenden Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Fälligkeitstag bis zum Tag der 
tatsächlichen Rückzahlung Zinsen in Höhe von [Emissionsrendite einfügen] per annum an. 
 
(3) Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung des Zinsbetrages auf 
eine Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/Actual (ICMA) einfügen: die tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum (einschließlich des ersten aber ausschließlich des letzten Tages dieser Periode) 
geteilt durch die tatsächlichen Tage in dem jeweiligen Kalenderjahr.] 
 
[Im Fall von ACT/ACT (ISDA) oder Actual/365 einfügen: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 (oder falls ein Teil des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes in ein 
Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe von (A) der tatsächlichen Anzahl von Tagen in dem Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die in das Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 366 und (B) die tatsächliche Anzahl 
von Tagen in dem Teil des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die nicht in ein Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 365).] 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 (Fixed) einfügen: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 365.]

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 einfügen: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert 
durch 360.] 
 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis einfügen: die Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines Monats, während der erste Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf den 30. noch auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, wobei in diesem Fall 
der den letzten Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder 
(B) der letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar, wobei in 
diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis einfügen: die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 12 
Monaten zu 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder letzten Tages 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, es sei denn, der Fälligkeitstag des letzten Zinsberechnungszeitraums ist der 
letzte Tag des Monats Februar, wobei in diesem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter 
Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
(1) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen von Kapital auf die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen nach Maßgabe des 
nachstehenden Absatzes (2) an das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems gegen Vorlage und (außer im Fall von Teilzahlungen) 
Einreichung der Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt der Zahlung verbriefenden Globalurkunde bei der 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen und 
Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in der frei handelbaren und 
konvertierbaren Währung, die am entsprechenden Fälligkeitstag die Währung des Staates der festgelegten 
Währung ist. 
 
(3) Vereinigte Staaten. Für die Zwecke des § 1 Absatz (3) und des Absatzes 1 dieses § 4 bezeichnet 
"Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und des 
"District of Columbia") sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Ricos, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands) und Besitzungen und sonstigen ihrer 
Jurisdiktion unterliegenden Gebiete.  
 
(4) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearing System oder dessen Order von 
ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
(5) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der 
kein Zahltag ist, dann: 
 
[Bei Anwendung der Modifizierte Folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention einfügen: hat der Inhaber keinen 
Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächstfolgenden Zahltag, es sei denn jener würde dadurch in den nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird der Zahltag auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden Geschäftstag 
vorgezogen.] 
 
[Bei Anwendung der Folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention einfügen: hat der Inhaber keinen Anspruch vor 
dem nachfolgenden Zahltag.] 
 
[Bei Anwendung der Vorangegangener Geschäftstag-Konvention einfügen: wird der Zahltag auf den 
unmittelbar vorausgehenden Zahltag vorgezogen.]

--- Page 154 ---
154 
Der Inhaber ist nicht berechtigt, Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund verspäteter Zahlung zu verlangen. 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem (i) das 
Clearing System und (ii) [Falls die festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, einfügen: Geschäftsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche relevante Finanzzentren einfügen]] [Falls die festgelegte Währung Euro ist, 
einfügen: [TARGET] [und Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche relevante Finanzzentren 
einfügen]]] Zahlungen abwickeln. 
 
(6) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital. Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf Kapital der 
Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, die folgenden Beträge ein: den Rückzahlungsbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen; [Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen aus 
anderen als steuerlichen Gründen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, einfügen: den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) der Schuldverschreibungen;] [Falls der Inhaber ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig zu kündigen, einfügen: den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der Schuldverschreibungen;] den 
Amortisationsbetrag von Schuldverschreibungen; sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge.  
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt oder 
angekauft und entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am [Fälligkeitstag 
einfügen]] (der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. Der Rückzahlungsbetrag in 
Bezug auf jede 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht [Falls die Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrer festgelegten Stückelung 
zurückgezahlt werden, einfügen: ihrer festgelegten Stückelung] [Falls die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
einem anderen Betrag als der festgelegten Stückelung zurückgezahlt werden, einfügen: 
[Rückzahlungsbetrag für die jeweilige Stückelung einfügen] je festgelegte Stückelung]. 
 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen können insgesamt, jedoch 
nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 Tagen 
gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und gemäß § 12 gegenüber den Inhabern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu ihrem 
Amortisationsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin als Folge einer 
Änderung oder Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften der Republik Österreich oder 
deren politischen Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der 
Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt diese Änderung 
oder Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche dieser Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben wird, wirksam) bei Fälligkeit oder im Falle des Kaufs oder Tauschs einer 
Schuldverschreibung zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen gemäß § 7 Absatz 1 verpflichtet sein wird. 
 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § 12 zu erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den für die Rückzahlung 
festgelegten Termin nennen und eine zusammenfassende Erklärung enthalten, die das Rückzahlungsrecht der 
Emittentin begründenden Umstände darlegt. 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, 
einfügen: 
 
(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, unter Einhaltung einer Ankündigungsfrist von 15 Geschäftstagen gegenüber der 
Emissionsstelle und nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
[insgesamt] [oder] [teilweise] [am Wahl-Rückzahlungstag] [an den Wahl-Rückzahlungstagen] (Call) 
[zum Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag] [zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbeträgen] (Call), wie nachstehend 
angegeben, zurückzahlen. [Bei Geltung eines Mindestrückzahlungsbetrages oder eines erhöhten 
Rückzahlungsbetrages einfügen: Eine solche Rückzahlung muss in Höhe eines Nennbetrages von 
[mindestens [Mindestrückzahlungsbetrag einfügen]] [erhöhten Rückzahlungsbetrag einfügen] 
erfolgen.]

--- Page 155 ---
155 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Call) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) einfügen] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Call) 
einfügen] 
 
[Falls der Inhaber ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, einfügen: Der 
Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits 
der Inhaber in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz [(3)][(4)] dieses § 5 verlangt hat.] 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Inhabern der Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin gemäß § 12 
bekanntzugeben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Tranche bzw. Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Tranche bzw. Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der nicht weniger als [Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen] und 
nicht mehr als [Höchstkündigungsfrist einfügen] Tage nach dem Tag der Kündigung durch die 
Emittentin gegenüber den Inhabern liegen darf; und 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
(c) 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen nach den Regeln des betreffenden Clearing Systems ausgewählt. [Im Fall einer 
Emission von Schuldverschreibungen in NGN Form einfügen: und eine solche Rückzahlung wird 
nach freiem Ermessen von CBL und Euroclear entweder als Pool Faktor (pool factor) oder als 
Reduzierung des Gesamtnennbetrages in den Aufzeichnungen von CBL und/oder Euroclear reflektiert]. 
 
[Falls der Inhaber ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, einfügen: 
 
[(3)][(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Inhabers. 
 
(a) 
Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldverschreibung nach Ausübung des entsprechenden Wahlrechts durch den 
Inhaber [am Wahl-Rückzahlungstag] [an den Wahl-Rückzahlungstagen] (Put) [zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag] [zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbeträgen] (Put), wie nachstehend angegeben, 
zurückzuzahlen. 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Put) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put) einfügen] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Put) 
einfügen] 
 
Dem Inhaber steht das Recht zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung oder das Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung ihres Wahlrechts nach diesem 
§ 5 verlangt hat. 
 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Inhaber nicht weniger als [Mindestkündigungsfrist einfügen, 
die nicht weniger als 10 betragen darf] Tage und nicht mehr als [Höchstkündigungsfrist einfügen] 
Tage vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die Rückzahlung gemäß der Ausübungserklärung 
(wie nachstehend definiert) erfolgen soll, bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle 
während der normalen Geschäftszeiten eine ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllte Mitteilung zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung, ("Ausübungserklärung"), wie sie von der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle erhältlich ist, zu hinterlegen. Die Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen 
werden. Um das Recht, Rückzahlung verlangen zu können, auszuüben, muss der Inhaber dann, wenn die 
Schuldverschreibungen über Euroclear oder CBL gehalten werden, innerhalb der Kündigungsfrist die 
Emissionsstelle über eine solche Rechtsausübung in Übereinstimmung mit den Richtlinien von

--- Page 156 ---
156 
Euroclear und CBL in einer für Euroclear und CBL im Einzelfall akzeptablen Weise in Kenntnis setzen 
(wobei diese Richtlinien vorsehen können, dass die Emissionsstelle auf Weisung des Inhabers von 
Euroclear oder CBL oder einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle in elektronischer Form über die 
Rechtsausübung in Kenntnis gesetzt wird).] 
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen im Falle eines Kontrollwechsels vorzeitig kündbar sind, einfügen: 
 
[(3)][(4)][(5)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aufgrund eines Kontrollwechsels. 
 
(a) 
Für den Fall, dass ein Kontrollwechselereignis (wie nachfolgend definiert) eintritt: 
 
(i) erhält jeder Gläubiger das Recht, von der Emittentin durch Erklärung eines Rückzahlungsverlangens 
(das "Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsverlagen") zum Stichtag (wie nachstehend unter Absatz (a)(ii)(B) 
definiert) die Rückzahlung seiner Schuldverschreibungen, deren vorzeitige Rückzahlung nicht bereits 
auf andere Weise erklärt worden ist, ganz oder teilweise, zu deren Amortisationsbetrag zu verlangen. 
Jedes Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsverlagen muss der Emissionsstelle nicht weniger als 30 Tage vor dem 
Stichtag zugehen; und 
 
(ii) wird die Emittentin (A) unmittelbar nachdem sie von dem Kontrollwechselereignis Kenntnis erlangt 
hat, dies gemäß § 12 unverzüglich bekannt machen, und (B) einen Zeitpunkt für die Zwecke des 
Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsverlangens (der "Stichtag") bestimmen und diesen gemäß § 12 bekannt 
machen. Der Stichtag muss ein Geschäftstag sein und darf nicht weniger als 60 und nicht mehr als 90 
Tage nach der gemäß Absatz (a)(ii)(A) erfolgten Bekanntmachung des Kontrollwechselereignisses 
liegen. 
 
(b) Das Vorzeitige Rückzahlungsverlangen ist in Textform gegenüber der Emissionsstelle zu erklären und 
an deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu übermitteln. Dem Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsverlangen ist ein 
Nachweis beizufügen, aus dem sich ergibt, dass der betreffende Gläubiger zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe 
des Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsverlangens Inhaber der betreffenden Schuldverschreibung ist. Der 
Nachweis kann durch eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank (wie in § 13 Absatz (4) definiert) oder auf 
andere geeignete Weise erbracht werden. Ein Vorzeitiges Rückzahlungsverlangen ist unwiderruflich. 
 
(c) Ein "Kontrollwechselereignis" tritt ein, wenn: 
 
(i) 
(1) die Emittentin vom betreffenden Aktionär Informationen erhält über (A) die Erlangung einer 
kontrollierenden Beteiligung nach § 22b des österreichischen Übernahmegesetzes (ÜbG) 
und/oder (B) die Erlangung einer kontrollierenden Beteiligung nach § 22 Abs. 1 ÜbG, (2) durch 
ein österreichisches Gericht oder eine österreichische Verwaltungsbehörde ein endgültiges und 
verbindliches Urteil über die Erlangung einer kontrollierenden Beteiligung an der Emittentin 
nach § 22 Abs. 1 oder § 22b ÜbG ergeht, (3) ein Übernahmeangebot zum Erwerb der 
kontrollierenden Beteiligung nach § 25a ÜbG erfolgreich abgeschlossen wurde, oder (4) die 
Emittentin alle oder im Wesentlichen alle ihre Vermögenswerte an eine Person oder Personen 
überträgt, bei denen es sich nicht um eine oder mehrere hundertprozentige Tochtergesellschaften 
der Emittentin handelt (wobei jedes dieser Ereignisse als "Kontrollwechsel" bezeichnet wird; 
Änderungen im Syndikat der Kernaktionäre (etwa Anteilsverschiebungen, Beitritt von Dritten) 
gelten nicht als Kontrollwechsel, solange die Kernaktionäre Österreichische Beteiligungs AG 
oder ihre Rechtsnachfolger oder eine sonstige Gesellschaft, die direkt oder indirekt von der 
Republik Österreich kontrolliert wird, und Mubadala Petroleum and Petrochemicals Holding 
Company L.L.C. oder Mubadala Investment Company PJSC oder deren jeweilige 
Rechtsnachfolger oder jede andere von der Regierung von Abu Dhabi direkt oder indirekt 
kontrollierte Gesellschaft jeweils einzeln oder gemeinsam mehr als 30% des Grundkapitals der 
Emittentin halten); und 
 
(ii) 
an dem Tag (der "Maßgebliche Bekanntgabetag"), bei dem es sich um den früheren der 
folgenden Tage handelt: (1) dem Tag der ersten öffentlichen Bekanntgabe des jeweiligen 
Kontrollwechsels und (2) dem Tag der frühesten Maßgeblichen Bekanntgabe des Möglichen 
Kontrollwechsels (wie nachstehend definiert), die Schuldverschreibungen:

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
(A) über ein Investment-Grade-Rating (Baa3/BBB- oder ein entsprechendes oder besseres 
Kreditrating) einer beliebigen Ratingagentur (wie nachstehend definiert) verfügen und 
dieses Rating innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums entweder auf ein Rating unterhalb 
von Investment Grade (Ba1/BB+ oder ein entsprechendes oder schlechteres Rating) 
herabgestuft (das "Nicht-Investment-Grade-Rating") oder zurückgenommen wird und 
nicht innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums durch diese Ratingagentur wieder auf 
Investment Grade angehoben wird; oder 
 
(B) über ein Nicht-Investment-Grade-Rating einer beliebigen Ratingagentur verfügen und 
dieses Rating innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums entweder um einen oder mehrere 
Ratingstufen herabgestuft (beispielsweise wäre eine Herabstufung von Ba1 auf Ba2 eine 
Herabstufung um eine Ratingstufe) oder zurückgenommen wird und nicht innerhalb des 
Kontrollwechselzeitraums wieder auf mindestens das Kreditrating angehoben wird, über das 
die Schuldverschreibungen unmittelbar vor dieser Herabstufung durch die jeweilige 
Ratingagentur verfügten; oder 
 
(C) nicht über ein Rating durch eine beliebige Ratingagentur verfügen, und es der Emittentin 
nicht möglich ist, bis zum Ende des Kontrollwechselzeitraums ein Rating von mindestens 
Investment Grade zu erhalten; und 
 
(iii) 
die jeweilige Ratingagentur bei ihrer Entscheidung zur Herabstufung oder Zurücknahme eines 
Kreditratings gemäß den obigen Ziffern (ii)(A) und (ii)(B) öffentlich bekannt gibt oder schriftlich 
bestätigt, dass diese Entscheidung(en) ganz oder teilweise aufgrund des Eintritts des 
Kontrollwechsels oder der Maßgeblichen Bekanntgabe des Möglichen Kontrollwechsels 
erfolgte(n). 
 
(iv) 
verwenden Moody's, Standard & Poor's oder Fitch andere Ratingstufen als die oben unter (ii) 
genannten, oder wird ein Rating von einer Ersatz-Ratingagentur erhalten, so hat die Emittentin 
diejenigen Ratingstufen von Moody's, Standard & Poor's oder Fitch bzw. dieser Ersatz-
Ratingagentur zu ermitteln, die den vorherigen Ratingstufen von Moody's, Standard & Poor's 
oder Fitch am genausten entsprechen. 
 
(d) "Kontrollwechselzeitraum" bezeichnet den Zeitraum ab dem Maßgeblichen Bekanntgabetag bis 90 
Tage nach dem Kontrollwechsel (oder einen längeren Zeitraum, innerhalb dessen in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen eine Überprüfung des Ratings oder gegebenenfalls die Zuteilung eines Ratings 
durch eine Ratingagentur erwogen wird (wobei diese Erwägung innerhalb des Zeitraums öffentlich 
gemacht wurde, der 90 Tage nach dem Kontrollwechsel endet), der jedoch eine Dauer von 60 Tagen 
nach der öffentlichen Bekanntgabe dieser Erwägung nicht überschreiten darf). 
 
(e) 
"Kontrolle" bezeichnet das Direktionsrecht gegenüber der Geschäftsführung einer Tochtergesellschaft 
sowie das Recht, Entscheidungen in grundsätzlichen Angelegenheiten dieser Tochtergesellschaft zu 
treffen (einschließlich des Rechts zur Ernennung eines etwaigen Vorstands oder vergleichbaren Organs 
und/oder eines etwaigen Aufsichtsrats), gleich ob dies auf Stimmrechten, satzungsmäßigen Rechten, 
Rechten aus Gesellschafterverträgen, Rechten aus dem Vertragsrecht oder dem allgemein geltenden 
Recht oder auf anderen Umständen beruht. 
 
(f) 
"Person" bezeichnet eine natürliche Person, eine Gesellschaft, eine Kapitalgesellschaft, ein 
Unternehmen, eine Personengesellschaft, ein Joint Venture, einen Betrieb, eine Personenvereinigung, 
eine Organisation, ein Treuhandvermögen (trust), einen Staat oder eine Behörde eines Staates, jeweils 
gleich ob es sich dabei um einen eigenständigen Rechtsträger handelt. 
 
(g) "Ratingagentur" bezeichnet Moody's Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody's"), Standard & Poor′s Rating 
Services, ein Unternehmen von The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. ("Standard & Poor's") oder Fitch 
Ratings Ltd. ("Fitch") oder ihre jeweiligen Rechtsnachfolger oder jede andere Ratingagentur mit 
vergleichbarem internationalem Ruf, durch die die Emittentin sie jeweils ersetzt (eine "Ersatz-
Ratingagentur").

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
(h) "Maßgebliche Bekanntgabe des Möglichen Kontrollwechsels" bezeichnet eine öffentliche 
Bekanntgabe oder Erklärung der Emittentin, eines tatsächlichen oder potenziellen Bieters oder eines 
Beraters, der für einen tatsächlichen oder potenziellen Bieter handelt, in Bezug auf einen möglichen 
Kontrollwechsel, wenn innerhalb von 180 Tagen nach dem Tag dieser Bekanntgabe oder Erklärung ein 
Kontrollwechsel eintritt. 
 
(i) 
"Tochtergesellschaft" bezeichnet eine Gesellschaft, an der die Emittentin eine mittelbare oder 
unmittelbare Kontrolle ausübt. 
 
[(3)][(4)][(5)][(6)] Amortisationsbetrag. 
 
(a) 
Der "Amortisationsbetrag" einer Schuldverschreibung entspricht der Summe aus: 
 
(i) 
[Referenzpreis einfügen] (der "Referenzpreis") und 
 
(ii) dem Produkt aus [Emissionsrendite einfügen] (jährlich kapitalisiert) und dem Referenzpreis ab 
dem (und einschließlich) [Tag der Begebung einfügen] bis zu (aber ausschließlich) dem 
vorgesehenen Rückzahlungstag oder (je nachdem) dem Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibung fällig 
und rückzahlbar werden. 
 
Wenn diese Berechnung für einen Zeitraum, der nicht vollen Jahren entspricht, durchzuführen ist, hat sie 
im Falle des nicht vollständigen Jahres (der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum") auf der Grundlage des 
Zinstagequotienten (wie vorstehend in § 3 definiert) zu erfolgen. 
 
(b) Falls die Emittentin den Amortisationsbetrag bei Fälligkeit nicht zahlt, wird der Amortisationsbetrag 
einer Schuldverschreibung wie vorstehend beschrieben berechnet, jedoch mit der Maßgabe, dass die 
Bezugnahmen in Unterabsatz (a) (ii) auf den für die Rückzahlung vorgesehenen Rückzahlungstag oder 
den Tag, an dem diese Schuldverschreibungen fällig und rückzahlbar werden, durch den früheren der 
nachstehenden Zeitpunkte ersetzt werden: (i) der Tag, an dem die Zahlung gegen ordnungsgemäße 
Vorlage und Einreichung der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen (sofern erforderlich) erfolgt, und 
(ii) der vierzehnte Tag, nachdem die Emissionsstelle gemäß § 12 mitgeteilt hat, dass ihr die für die 
Rückzahlung erforderlichen Mittel zur Verfügung gestellt wurden.] 
 
§ 6 
DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE UND DIE ZAHLSTELLE[N] 
 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Die anfänglich bestellte Emissionsstelle und die Zahlstelle[n] und 
deren anfänglich bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen lauten wie folgt: 
 
Emissionsstelle: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland 
 
Zahlstelle[n]: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland 
 
[andere Zahlstellen und bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen einfügen, wenn Schuldverschreibungen via OeKB 
oder einem anderen Clearing System begeben werden]

--- Page 159 ---
159 
Die Emissionsstelle und die Zahlstelle[n] behalten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle durch eine andere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, die Bestellung der 
Emissionsstelle oder einer Zahlstelle zu ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere Emissionsstelle oder 
zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird jederzeit (i) eine Emissionsstelle 
unterhalten [,] [und] (ii) eine Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle außerhalb der Europäischen Union 
unterhalten [,] [und] [[(iii)] eine Zahlstelle (die die Emissionsstelle sein kann) mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle 
in einer kontinentaleuropäischen Stadt unterhalten] [,] [und] [(iii)][(iv)] eine Zahlstelle (die die 
Emissionsstelle sein kann) mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle innerhalb der Republik Österreich unterhalten [Im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer Börse notiert sind, einfügen:[,] [und] [(iii)][(iv)][(v)] 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen an der [Name der Börse] notiert sind, eine Zahlstelle (die die 
Emissionsstelle sein kann) mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in [Sitz der Börse] und/oder an solchen anderen 
Orten unterhalten, die die Regeln dieser Börse verlangen] [Im Fall von Zahlungen in U.S.-Dollar einfügen: 
und [(iii)][(iv)][(v)][(vi)] falls Zahlungen bei den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb 
der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 4 Absatz 3 definiert) aufgrund der Einführung von Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder ähnlichen Beschränkungen hinsichtlich oder vollständigen Zahlung oder des Empfangs der 
entsprechenden Beträge in U.S.-Dollar widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich ausgeschlossen werden, eine Zahlstelle 
mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New York City unterhalten]. Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder 
ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam 
wird), sofern die Inhaber hierüber gemäß § 12 vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 30 und nicht 
mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die Emissionsstelle und die Zahlstelle[n] handeln ausschließlich als 
Beauftragte der Emittentin und übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Inhabern; es wird kein 
Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Inhabern begründet. 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
 
(1) Steuern. Alle in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge (Kapital und zusätzliche 
Beträge) sind ohne Einbehalt an der Quelle oder Abzug an der Quelle von irgendwelchen gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben gleich welcher Art, die von oder in der Republik Österreich 
oder irgendeiner ihrer Gebietskörperschaften oder Behörden mit Steuerhoheit erhoben werden 
("Quellensteuer"), zu zahlen, es sei denn, die Quellensteuer ist kraft Gesetzes oder einer sonstigen 
Rechtsvorschrift abzuziehen oder einzubehalten und an die zuständigen Behörden abzuführen. In diesem Fall 
trägt die Emittentin vorbehaltlich des Absatzes 2 diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge, die erforderlich sind, dass 
die von jedem Inhaber zu empfangenden Nettobeträge nach einem solchen Abzug oder Einbehalt von 
Quellensteuer den Beträgen entsprechen, die der Inhaber ohne einen solchen Abzug oder Einbehalt von 
Quellensteuer erhalten hätte.  
 
(2) Keine zusätzlichen Beträge. Die Emittentin ist jedoch zur Zahlung zusätzlicher Beträge wegen solcher 
Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben nicht verpflichtet: 
 
(a) 
denen der Inhaber der Schuldverschreibungen aus irgendeinem anderen Grund als der bloßen Tatsache 
unterliegt, dass er Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen ist und zwar insbesondere, wenn der Inhaber von 
Schuldverschreibungen aufgrund einer persönlichen unbeschränkten oder beschränkten Steuerpflicht 
derartigen Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben unterliegt; oder 
 
[(b) denen der Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen nicht unterläge, wenn er seine Schuldverschreibungen 
innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem jeweiligen Fälligkeitstag oder nach dem maßgeblichen Tag, wie unten 
definiert, der jeweiligen Zahlstelle i.S.v. § 6 zur Zahlung vorgelegt bzw. geltend gemacht hätte; oder] 
 
[(b)][(c)] die von einer Zahlstelle in einem Land abgezogen oder einbehalten werden, wenn eine andere 
Zahlstelle in einem anderen Land die Zahlung ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug hätte leisten 
können; oder

--- Page 160 ---
160 
[(c)][(d)] die auf andere Weise als durch Einbehalt an der Quelle oder Abzug an der Quelle aus Zahlungen von 
Kapital zu entrichten sind; oder 
 
[[(d)][(e)] 
die nur abgezogen und einbehalten werden, weil die Schuldverschreibungen effektiv zur 
Einlösung am Schalter vorgelegt werden; oder] 
 
[(d)][(e)][(f)] 
denen der Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen deshalb unterliegt, weil er in der Republik 
Österreich ansässig ist oder weil er andere persönliche oder geschäftliche Verbindungen zu diesen 
Ländern hat und nicht lediglich aufgrund der Tatsache, dass Zahlungen gemäß diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen aus der Republik Österreich stammen oder steuerlich so behandelt werden; oder 
 
[[(e)][(f)][(g)] 
wenn irgendwelche Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben nur deshalb erhoben oder an der 
Quelle abgezogen werden, weil der Inhaber der Schuldverschreibungen oder der aus einer 
Schuldverschreibung wirtschaftlich Berechtigte es versäumt hat, irgendwelche Anforderungen 
(einschließlich die Verpflichtung zur Beibringung notwendiger Formulare und/oder anderer Unterlagen) 
aus einem Gesetz, einem Vertrag, einer Bestimmung oder einer administrativen Regelung der 
Steuergesetzgebung, aufgrund dessen er einen Anspruch auf Erlass der gesamten Steuer, Gebühr oder 
Abgabe oder eines Teils davon gehabt hätte, zu erfüllen, soweit eine solche Erfüllung als eine 
Vorbedingung vorausgesetzt wird, um von solchen Steuern, Gebühren, Pflichten, einem solchen 
Bescheid oder Abgabe abgeholfen oder befreit zu werden; oder] 
 
[(e)][(f)][(g)][(h)] die auf Grundlage der EU-Zinsrichtlinie betreffend die Einführung des EU-weiten 
Informationsaustauschs und die Besteuerung von Zinseinkünften in der vom Rat der Europäischen 
Union am 3. Juni 2003 erlassenen Fassung, oder aufgrund irgendeines Gesetzes oder einer 
Rechtsvorschrift, welche(s) diese Richtlinie beziehungsweise die in der Sitzung des ECOFIN-Rates vom 
13. Dezember 2001 erzielten Ergebnisse umsetzt oder deren Anforderungen erfüllt, oder welches 
erlassen wird, um dieser Richtlinie zu entsprechen, auf eine Zahlung an eine natürliche Person erhoben 
werden; oder 
 
[(f)][(g)][(h)][(i)] jede Kombination der Absätze (a), [(b),] [(b)][(c)], [(c)][(d)], [[(d)][(e)],] [(d)][(e)][(f)], 
[[(e)][(f)][(g)],] und [(e)][(f)][(g)][(h)]. 
 
Außerdem sind zusätzliche Beträge nicht im Hinblick auf Zahlungen unter den Schuldverschreibungen an 
solche Gläubiger zu zahlen, die Treuhänder oder Personengesellschaften sind bzw. nicht wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer im Hinblick auf eine solche Zahlung sind, sofern eine solche Zahlung nach den Gesetzen der 
Republik Österreich, unter Steuerzwecken bei der Berücksichtigung des Einkommens eines Berechtigten oder 
Errichters eines Trusts oder des Gesellschafter einer solchen Personengesellschaft oder eines wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümers zu berücksichtigen wäre, die nicht zum Erhalt zusätzlicher Beträge berechtigt wären, wenn ein 
solcher Berechtigter, Errichter eines Trusts, Gesellschafter einer Personengesellschaft oder wirtschaftlicher 
Eigentümer Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen gewesen wäre. 
 
(3) Maßgeblicher Tag. Der "maßgebliche Tag" im Sinne dieser Emissionsbedingungen ist der Tag, an dem 
eine solche Zahlung zuerst fällig wird. Wenn jedoch die betreffende Zahlstelle die volle Summe der zu 
zahlenden Beträge nicht am oder vor dem jeweiligen Zahltag ordnungsgemäß erhalten hat, dann ist der 
maßgebliche Tag der Tag, an dem die betreffende Zahlstelle die volle Summe der zu zahlenden Beträge 
erhalten hat und eine Mitteilung hierüber gemäß § 12 an die Inhaber der Schuldverschreibungen 
ordnungsgemäß übermittelt wurde. 
 
§ 8 
HINTERLEGUNG, VORLEGUNGSFRIST, VERJÄHRUNGSFRIST 
 
(1) Hinterlegung. Die Emittentin kann die, auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge, die von 
Inhabern von Schuldverschreibungen innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach Fälligkeit nicht geltend gemacht 
wurden, auf Gefahr und Kosten dieser Inhaber der Schuldverschreibungen beim Amtsgericht Frankfurt am 
Main unter Verzicht auf das Recht der Rücknahme hinterlegen, auch wenn die Inhaber sich nicht in 
Annahmeverzug befinden. Mit der Hinterlegung unter Verzicht auf das Recht der Rücknahme erlischt

--- Page 161 ---
161 
jeglicher Anspruch dieser Inhaber der Schuldverschreibungen gegen die Emittentin und für die Erfüllung von 
deren Verbindlichkeiten haftende Dritte. 
 
(2) Vorlegungsfrist. Die Vorlegungsfrist gemäß § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB wird auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
 
(3) Verjährungsfrist. Die Verjährungsfrist für während der Vorlegungsfrist zur Zahlung vorgelegte 
Schuldverschreibungen beträgt zwei Jahre beginnend mit dem Ablauf der jeweiligen Vorlegungsfrist.  
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNGSGRÜNDE 
 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen ist berechtigt, seine sämtlichen 
Forderungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen durch Kündigung gegenüber der Emissionsstelle fällig zu stellen 
und Rückzahlung des Amortisationsbetrags zu verlangen, wenn 
 
(a) 
die Emittentin, gleichgültig aus welchen Gründen, (i) auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbare Beträge, 
einschließlich etwaiger gemäß § 7 Absatz 1 zu zahlender zusätzlicher Beträge, innerhalb von sieben 
Tagen nach dem betreffenden Fälligkeitstag nicht zahlt; oder 
 
(b) die Emittentin, gleichgültig aus welchen Gründen, mit der Erfüllung einer anderen Verpflichtung aus 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen länger als 30 Tage nachdem die Emissionsstelle eine schriftliche 
Mitteilung von einem Inhaber erhalten hat in Rückstand kommt; oder 
 
(c) 
(i) sonstige gegenwärtige oder zukünftige Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeiten der Emittentin oder einer ihrer 
Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften (gemäß der Definition in § 2 (2)) für oder in Bezug auf 
aufgenommene Gelder aufgrund eines tatsächlichen oder möglichen Verzugs, Kündigungsgrunds oder 
ähnlichem Umstand (gleich wie dieser beschrieben ist) vor der angegebenen Fälligkeit zur Zahlung fällig 
werden oder (ii) die Zahlung entsprechender Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeiten nicht bei Fälligkeit bzw. 
innerhalb einer etwaigen Nachfrist erfolgt oder (iii) die Emittentin oder eine ihrer Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften (gemäß der Definition in § 2 (2)) einen Betrag, der unter einer bestehenden oder 
zukünftigen Garantie oder Freistellungserklärung im Zusammenhang mit Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeiten 
für oder in Bezug auf aufgenommene Gelder zu zahlen ist, bei Fälligkeit nicht zahlt, wobei die 
Gesamthöhe der entsprechenden Fremdkapitalverbindlichkeiten, Garantien und Freistellungen, in Bezug 
auf die eines oder mehrere der in dieser Ziffer (c) genannten Ereignisse eingetreten sind, 
EUR 100.000.000 (oder den entsprechenden Gegenwert auf Basis des an dem Tag, für den dieser Absatz 
gilt, durch eine führende Bank quotierten Kassamittelkurses der jeweiligen Fremdwährung gegenüber 
dem Euro) übersteigt oder diesem Betrag entsprechen muss; oder 
 
(d) hinsichtlich eines Teils des Vermögens, der Vermögenswerte oder Einkünfte der Emittentin oder einer 
ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften (gemäß der Definition in § 2 (2)) ein dinglicher Arrest, eine 
Beschlagnahme, eine Zwangsvollstreckung oder ein sonstiges rechtliches Verfahren eingeleitet, 
durchgeführt oder vollstreckt und nicht innerhalb von dreißig Tagen aufgegeben oder zurückgenommen 
wird; oder 
 
(e) 
durch die Emittentin oder eine ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften (gemäß der Definition in 
§ 2 (2)) bestellte oder übernommene gegenwärtige oder zukünftige Grundpfandrechte, Pfandrechte oder 
sonstige Belastungen im Gegenwert eines EUR 50.000.000 (oder den entsprechenden Gegenwert auf 
Basis des an dem Tag, für den dieser Absatz gilt, durch eine führende Bank quotierten Kassamittelkurses 
der jeweiligen Fremdwährung gegenüber dem Euro) entsprechenden oder übersteigenden Betrags zur 
Verwertung gelangen und Schritte zu ihrer Verwertung eingeleitet werden (einschließlich der 
Inbesitznahme oder die Bestellung eines Insolvenzverwalters, Zwangsverwalters oder ähnlichen Person); 
oder 
 
(f) 
ein Gericht ein Konkurs- oder Insolvenzverfahren (oder ein vergleichbares Verfahren) gegen die 
Emittentin in der entsprechenden Rechtsordnung eröffnet worden ist, und diese Entscheidung nicht 
innerhalb von 60 Tagen aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt worden ist, oder die Emittentin von sich aus ein 
solches Verfahren beantragt; oder

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
(g) die Emittentin oder eine ihrer Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaften (wie in § 2 (2) definiert), wobei der 
Geschäftsbetrieb oder die Vermögenswerte der Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft auf die Emittentin 
übertragen wurden oder in anderer Weise zu der Emittentin oder einer ihrer Tochtergesellschaften (wie 
in § 2 (2) definiert) gehören, aufgelöst oder liquidiert wird oder irgendeine Maßnahme zum Zwecke der 
Liquidation trifft, es sei denn, dass eine solche Liquidation im Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung, 
Konsolidierung oder einer anderen Form des Zusammenschlusses mit einer anderen Gesellschaft erfolgt 
und diese Gesellschaft alle Verpflichtungen aus diesen Emissionsbedingungen übernimmt; oder 
 
(h) die Emittentin die Zahlungen ganz oder ihre Geschäftstätigkeit einstellt; oder 
 
(i) 
es gegen geltendes Recht verstößt, dass die Emittentin ihren Verpflichtungen aus Schuldverschreibungen 
nachkommt; oder 
 
(j) 
irgendein Ereignis eintritt, welches nach dem Recht einer relevanten Rechtsordnung mit denen in den 
vorherigen Paragraphen genannten Ereignissen vergleichbar ist. 
 
(2) Übermittlung. Eine derartige Kündigung zur Rückzahlung ist in Textform an die Emissionsstelle zu 
richten und wird mit Zugang bei dieser wirksam. Die Fälligkeit tritt ein am 14. Tag nach Zugang der 
Kündigung, es sei denn, dass im Falle des Absatzes (1)(a) oder (1)(b) die Verpflichtung vorher erfüllt worden 
ist. 
 
§ 10 
SCHULDNERERSETZUNG 
 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, ohne Zustimmung der Inhaber von 
Schuldverschreibungen eine andere Gesellschaft, die als Emittentin unter diesem Programm ernannt wurde, 
als Emittentin (die "Neue Emittentin") hinsichtlich aller Verpflichtungen aus oder in Verbindung mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen an die Stelle der Emittentin zu setzen, sofern: 
 
(a) 
die Neue Emittentin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus oder in Verbindung mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
 
(b) die Emittentin und die Neue Emittentin alle etwa notwendigen Genehmigungen von den zuständigen 
Behörden erhalten hat, wonach die Neue Emittentin alle Beträge, die zur Erfüllung der aus oder in 
Verbindung mit den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Zahlungsverpflichtungen erforderlich sind, in 
der festgelegten Währung oder einer anderen erforderlichen Währung ohne Einbehalt an der Quelle oder 
Abzug an der Quelle von irgendwelchen Steuern, Gebühren oder Abgaben in dem Land, in dem die 
Neue Emittentin ansässig ist, an die jeweilige Zahlstelle transferieren darf; 
 
(c) 
die Emittentin in einer nach Form und Inhalt gleichen Art wie in der ursprünglichen Garantie durch die 
Emittentin unbedingt und unwiderruflich die Verpflichtungen der Neuen Emittentin garantiert. 
 
(2) Bezugnahmen. Im Falle einer solchen Schuldnerersetzung gilt jede in diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
enthaltene Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin fortan als auf die Neue Emittentin bezogen, und jede Bezugnahme 
auf das Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz hat, gilt fortan als auf das Land, in dem die Neue Emittentin 
ihren Sitz hat, bezogen, und, soweit hierbei ein Unterschied gemacht werden muss, auf das Land, in dem die 
Neue Emittentin für steuerliche Zwecke als gebietsansässig betrachtet wird. 
 
(3) Mitteilung. Eine Schuldnerersetzung gemäß Absatz 1 dieses § 10 ist für die Inhaber von 
Schuldverschreibungen bindend und ist ihnen mit einer Frist von mindestens 15 Geschäftstagen vor 
Inkrafttreten der Schuldnerersetzung gemäß § 12 öffentlich bekannt zu machen. 
 
§ 11 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, 
RÜCKKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin behält sich vor, ohne Zustimmung der Inhaber 
der Schuldverschreibungen weitere Schuldverschreibungen in der Weise zu begeben, dass sie mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen dieser Tranche zusammengefasst werden, eine einheitliche Emission (Serie) mit ihnen 
bilden und ihren Gesamtnennbetrag erhöhen. Die Schuldverschreibungen einer Serie haben identische 
Emissionsbedingungen und Ausstattungsmerkmale mit Ausnahme (im Fall von mehr als einer Tranche) des 
Begebungstages und des Emissionspreises. Bezugnahmen auf "Schuldverschreibungen" gelten in gleicher 
Weise als Bezugnahmen auf solche Tranchen oder Serien. 
 
(2) Rückkauf und Entwertung. Der Emittentin und jeder ihrer Tochtergesellschaften ist es erlaubt, 
Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder auf andere Weise zu jedem Preis zurückzukaufen. Zurückgekaufte oder 
auf andere Weise von der Emittentin oder jeweiligen Tochtergesellschaft erworbene Schuldverschreibungen 
können gehalten, wiederverkauft oder nach Wahl der Emittentin bzw. der betreffenden Tochtergesellschaft 
der jeweiligen Zahlstelle zur Entwertung überlassen werden. 
 
§ 12 
MITTEILUNGEN 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer Börse notiert sind, einfügen: 
 
(1) Bekanntmachung.  
 
[Sofern eine Mitteilung durch Publikation in einer führenden Tageszeitung möglich ist, einfügen: Alle 
die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen sind in einer führenden Tageszeitung mit allgemeiner 
Verbreitung in [Österreich] [Deutschland] [Luxemburg] [London] [anderen Ort einfügen], voraussichtlich 
[Amtsblatt zur Wiener Zeitung] [die Börsen-Zeitung] [Luxemburger Wort] [Tageblatt] [die Financial Times] 
[andere Zeitung mit allgemeiner Verbreitung einfügen] in deutscher oder englischer Sprache zu 
veröffentlichen [Sofern zusätzlich eine Mitteilung durch elektronische Publikation auf der Website der 
betreffenden Börse(n) erfolgt:, einfügen: [und werden über die Website der Luxemburger Börse unter 
"www.bourse.lu"] [und der] [[betreffende Börse einfügen] unter [Website der Börse einfügen]] 
veröffentlicht]. [Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt mit dem Tag der Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt.]] 
 
[Sofern eine Mitteilung durch Elektronische Publikation auf der Website der betreffenden Börse 
möglich ist, einfügen: Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen können auch durch 
elektronische Publikation auf der Website der [betreffende Börse einfügen] (www. [Internetadresse 
einfügen]). Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt mit dem Tag der Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt.]] 
 
[(2)] Mitteilung an das Clearing System. 
 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht notiert sind, einfügen: Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die Inhaber 
übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing 
System als den Inhabern mitgeteilt.] 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an der Official List der Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, 
einfügen: Solange Schuldverschreibungen an der Official List der Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, findet 
Absatz 1 Anwendung. Soweit die Regeln der Luxemburger Börse dies zulassen, kann die Emittentin eine 
Veröffentlichung nach Absatz 1 durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die 
Inhaber ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing 
System als den Inhabern mitgeteilt.] 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer anderen Börse als der Luxemburger Börse notiert 
sind, einfügen: Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, eine Veröffentlichung nach Absatz 1 durch eine Mitteilung an 
das Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die Inhaber zu ersetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass die Regeln der Börse,

--- Page 164 ---
164 
an der die Schuldverschreibungen notiert sind, diese Form der Mitteilung zulassen. Jede derartige Mitteilung 
gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den Inhabern mitgeteilt.] 
 
§ 13 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, ERFÜLLUNGSORT, GERICHTSSTAND 
UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen und der Globalurkunde(n) sowie alle 
sich daraus ergebenden Rechte und Pflichten bestimmen sich ausschließlich nach dem Recht der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland.  
 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten, die sich aus den in diesen Emissionsbedingungen geregelten 
Rechtsverhältnissen ergeben, sind die Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen berechtigt, ihre Ansprüche nach 
ihrer Entscheidung entweder vor den zuständigen Gerichten in dem Land des Sitzes der Emittentin oder vor 
dem zuständigen Gericht in Frankfurt am Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, geltend zu machen. Alle 
anderen Gerichtsstände sind ausgeschlossen. Es gilt als vereinbart, dass diese Gerichte ausschließlich das 
Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland anwenden sollen.  
 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen ist berechtigt, in jedem 
Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem der Inhaber und die Emittentin Partei 
sind, seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage geltend 
zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank bei, bei der er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein 
Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche (a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des Inhabers 
enthält, (b) den Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der 
Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem 
Clearing System eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten 
Informationen enthält; oder (ii) er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearing 
System oder des Verwahrers des Clearing System bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege 
oder der die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich 
wäre. Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei der/dem der 
Inhaber ein Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing Systems. 
Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann jeder Inhaber seine Rechte aus den Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede 
andere Weise schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land, in dem der Rechtsstreit eingeleitet wird, prozessual 
zulässig ist. 
 
(4) Kraftloserklärung. Die deutschen Gerichte sind ausschließlich zuständig für die Kraftloserklärung 
abhanden gekommener oder vernichteter Globalurkunden.  
 
§ 14 
TEILUNWIRKSAMKEIT 
 
Sollte eine der vorstehenden Bestimmungen dieser Emissionsbedingungen unwirksam oder undurchführbar 
sein oder werden, so bleibt die Wirksamkeit und die Durchführbarkeit der übrigen Bestimmungen hiervon 
unberührt. Anstelle der unwirksamen oder undurchführbaren Bestimmung soll eine, soweit rechtlich möglich, 
dem Sinn und Zweck dieser Emissionsbedingungen zum Zeitpunkt der Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen 
entsprechende Regelung gelten. Unter Umständen, unter denen sich diese Emissionsbedingungen als 
unvollständig erweisen, soll eine ergänzende Auslegung, die dem Sinn und Zweck dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen entspricht, unter angemessener Berücksichtigung der berechtigten Interessen der 
beteiligten Parteien erfolgen. 
 
§ 15 
SPRACHE 
 
[Sofern die Emissionsbedingungen in der deutschen Sprache abgefasst werden, einfügen: Diese 
Emissionsbedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. [Sofern eine unverbindliche Übersetzung in

--- Page 165 ---
165 
die englische Sprache beigefügt wird, einfügen: Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. 
Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.]] 
 
[Sofern die Emissionsbedingungen in der englischen Sprache mit einer unverbindlichen Übersetzung in 
die deutsche Sprache abgefasst werden, einfügen: Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in englischer Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.]

--- Page 166 ---
166 
III. Form of Final Terms 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS / MUSTER - ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[VERTRIEBSVERBOT AN KLEINANLEGER IM EWR - Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht dazu 
bestimmt, dass sie Kleinanlegern im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum ("EWR") angeboten, verkauft oder 
auf anderem Wege zur Verfügung gestellt werden und die Schuldverschreibungen sollen 
dementsprechend Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem Wege zur 
Verfügung gestellt werden. Ein Kleinanleger im Sinne dieser Vorschrift ist eine Person, die mindestens 
einer der folgenden Kategorien zuzuordnen ist: (i) ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 
Nummer 11 von Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"); (ii) ein Kunde 
im Sinne von Richtlinie 2016/97/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung), der nicht als professioneller 
Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nummer 10 MiFID II einzustufen ist; oder (iii) ein Anleger, der 
kein qualifizierter Anleger ist im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen 
Fassung, die "Prospektverordnung"). Folglich wurde kein Informationsdokument, wie nach 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, "PRIIPs Verordnung") für 
Angebote, Vertrieb und die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger 
im EWR erforderlich, erstellt und dementsprechend könnte das Angebot, der Vertrieb oder die sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung von Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR nach der PRIIPs-
Verordnung unzulässig sein.] 
 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET] [RETAIL INVESTORS TARGET MARKET] – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Instruments has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Instruments is eligible counterparties[,] [and] professional clients [[only/][and retail clients]], each as 
defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Instruments are appropriate [including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Instruments to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative 
target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Instruments (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Instruments (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].][Insert 
further details on target market, client categories etc.] [Insert further details on target market, client 
categories etc.] 
[MiFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / [ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN] [ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER] - Die 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Instrumente hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des 
Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der

--- Page 167 ---
167 
Zielmarkt für die Instrumente [nur/] geeignete Gegenparteien[,] [und] professionelle Kunden [und 
Kleinanleger], jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID 
II"), umfasst; [und] (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Instrumente angemessen sind [einschließlich 
Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe ohne 
Beratung und 
reine Ausführungs-
dienstleistungen]] ODER [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an 
professionelle Investoren und geeignete Gegenparteien angemessen sind und die folgenden Kanäle für 
den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger angemessen sind – Anlageberatung[,/ und] 
Portfolio-Management[,/ und] [Verkäufe ohne Beratung][und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, 
nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick auf Geeignetheit 
bzw. Angemessenheit]]. [Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen] Jede Person, die in der Folge die 
Instrumente anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des 
Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II 
unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Instrumente durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der 
Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle[ nach Maßgabe der 
Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit], 
zu bestimmen.][Weitere Details bezüglich Zielmarkt, Kundenkategorie etc. einfügen] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to re-tail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
[Vertriebsverbot an Privatinvestoren im Vereinigten Königreich - Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht 
dazu bestimmt, dass sie Privatinvestoren im Vereinigten Königreich ("GB") angeboten, verkauft oder 
auf anderem Wege zur Verfügung gestellt werden und die Schuldverschreibungen sollen 
dementsprechend Privatinvestoren im EWR nicht angeboten, verkauft oder auf anderem Wege zur 
Verfügung gestellt werden. Ein Privatinvestor im Sinne dieser Vorschrift ist eine Person, die mindestens 
einer der folgenden Kategorien zuzuordnen ist: (i) ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nummer 8 
von Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565 in der Gestalt, in der diese Bestand-teil nationalen Rechts auf der 
Grundlage des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") ist; (ii) ein Kunde im Sinne der 
Bestimmungen der FSMA und alle Regeln und Verordnungen gemäß FSMA zur Umsetzung der 
Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97, der nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 2 Absatz 1 Nummer 8 
der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014 in der Gestalt, in der diese Bestandteil nationalen Rechts auf der 
Grundlage des EUWA ist, einzustufen ist; oder (iii) ein Anleger, der kein qualifizierter Anleger ist im 
Sinne des Artikels 2 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/1129 in der Gestalt, in der diese Bestandteil 
nationalen Rechts auf der Grundlage des EUWA ist. Folglich wurde kein Informationsdokument, wie 
nach Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 in der Gestalt, in der diese Bestandteil nationalen Rechts auf der 
Grundlage des EUWA ist, (die "GB PRIIPs Verordnung") für Angebote, Vertrieb und die sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Privatinvestoren in GB erforderlich, erstellt und 
dementsprechend könnte das Angebot, der Vertrieb oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung von 
Schuldverschrei-bungen an Privatinvestoren in GB nach der GB PRIIPs Verordnung unzulässig sein.] 
 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET] [AND] [RETAIL INVESTORS TARGET MARKET] 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market

--- Page 168 ---
168 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS")[,] 
[and] professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR") [and retail clients, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018]; and [(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate [including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services]][(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate 
- investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales][and pure execution 
services]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "Distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] 
target 
market 
assessment) 
and 
determining 
appropriate 
distribution 
channels.][Insert further details on target market, client categories etc.] [Insert further details on target 
market, client categories etc.] 
 
[UK MiFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / [ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN] [UND] [ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER] - 
Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den 
Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) 
der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen geeignete Gegenparteien, wie im FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") definiert[,] [und] professionelle Kunden, wie in Verordnung (EU) 
Nr. 600/2014 definiert, die aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 Teil des nationalen 
Rechts ist ("UK MiFIR") [und Kleinanleger, wie in Artikel 2 Nummer 8 derVerordnung (EU) Nr. 
2017/565 definiert, die aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 Teil des nationalen Rechts 
ist], umfasst; und [(ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind 
[einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen]][(ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb an geeignete Gegenparteien und 
professionelle Investoren angemessen sind; und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der 
[Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger angemessen sind – Anlageberatung[, /und] Portfolio-
Management[,/ und] [Verkäufe ohne Beratung ][und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]] [Negativen 
Zielmarkt berücksichtigen.] Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft 
oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (die "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") 
unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der 
Zielmarktbestimmung 
[des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e]) 
und 
angemessene 
Vertriebskanäle 
zu 
bestimmen.][Weitere Einzelheiten bezüglich Zielmarkt, Kundenkategorien etc einfügen.] 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
MUSTER - ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN 
 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
 
[Date] 
[Datum] 
 
[Title of relevant Tranche of Notes] 
issued pursuant to the 
 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Tranche der Schuldverschreibungen] 
begeben aufgrund des 
 
Euro 12,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme

--- Page 169 ---
169 
Euro 12.000.000.000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
of 
von 
 
OMV Aktiengesellschaft ("OMV AG" or the "Issuer") 
OMV Aktiengesellschaft ("OMV AG" oder die "Emittentin") 
dated 27 August 2021 
datiert 27. August 2021 
 
Specified Currency: [    ] 
Festgelegte Währung: [    ] 
 
Nominal Value: [    ] 
Nominalwert: [    ] 
 
Series No.: [    ] 
Serien-Nr.: [    ] 
 
Tranche No.: [    ] 
Tranchen-Nr.: [    ] 
 
These Final Terms dated [  ] (the "Final Terms") have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8(5) 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of 
the Final Terms when read together with the prospectus dated 27 August 2021, including any supplements 
thereto (the "Prospectus"). The Prospectus [and the supplement dated [insert date] [[,] [and] the 
supplement dated [insert date] [  ]]
1] has been or will be, as the case may be, published on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In case of an issue of Notes which are (i) listed on the 
regulated market of a stock exchange; and/or (ii) publicly offered, the Final Terms relating to such Notes 
will be published on the website of the [Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)] [and] [on the 
website of [insert website]]. [A summary of the individual issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final 
Terms.]
2 
 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen vom [  ] (die "Endgültigen Bedingungen") wurden für die Zwecke des 
Artikels 8 Absatz 5 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. 
Juni 2017, in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, abgefasst. Vollständige Informationen über die Emittentin und 
das Angebot der Schuldverschreibungen sind ausschließlich auf der Grundlage dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen im Zusammenlesen mit dem Prospekt vom 27. August 2021 und etwaiger Nachträge dazu (der 
"Prospekt") erhältlich. Der Prospekt [und der Nachtrag vom [Datum einfügen] [[,] [und] der Nachtrag 
vom [Datum einfügen] [  ]]]1 wurden bzw. werden auf der Website der Luxemburger Börse 
(www.bourse.lu) veröffentlicht. Soweit Schuldverschreibungen (i) an einem regulierten Markt einer 
Wertpapierbörse zugelassen; und/oder (ii) öffentlich angeboten werden, werden die Endgültigen 
Bedingungen bezüglich dieser Schuldverschreibungen auf der Website der [Luxemburger Börse 
(www.bourse.lu)] [und] [auf der Website der [website einfügen]] veröffentlicht. [Eine Zusammenfassung 
der einzelnen Emission der Schuldverschreibungen ist diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen im Anhang 
angefügt.]2 
 
Tranche to become part of an existing Series:  
[Yes] [No] 
 
 
[(a)  
If yes, specify principal amount, issue date, and series number of existing Series:] 
[    ] 
                                                 
1  To be inserted if relevant. 
 
Auszufüllen soweit relevant. 
2  Required only for Notes with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 or the equivalent in another currency. 
 
Nur für Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 oder dem entsprechenden Gegenwert in einer 
anderen Währung erforderlich.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
[(b)  
Aggregate nominal amount of Series:] 
[    ] 
 
 
 
Zusammenfassung der Tranche mit einer bestehenden Serie ist vorgesehen:  
[Ja] [Nein] 
 
 
[(a)  
Falls ja, Angabe des Nennbetrags, des Valutierungstags und der Serien-Nummer der 
bestehenden Serie machen:] 
[    ] 
[(b)  
Gesamtnennbetrag der Serie:] 
[    ] 
 
Offer Price: [    ]%3 
Ausgabepreis: [    ]%3 
 
Issue Date: [    ]4 
Valutierungstag: [    ]4 
 
Net proceeds: [    ] [(less an amount to account for expenses)]5 
Nettoerlös: [    ] [(abzüglich eines Betrages für Kosten)]5 
 
Terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions, as set 
out in the Prospectus (the "Terms and Conditions"). All references in these Final Terms to numbered 
sections are to sections of the Terms and Conditions. 
Begriffe, die in den im Prospekt enthaltenen Emissionsbedingungen (die "Emissionsbedingungen") 
definiert sind, haben, falls die Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht etwas anderes bestimmen, die gleiche 
Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet werden. Bezugnahmen in diesen 
Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen beziehen sich auf die Paragraphen der Emissionsbedingungen. 
 
The Terms and Conditions shall be completed and specified by the information contained in Part I of these 
Final Terms. [In case of Typ A insert: The completed and specified provisions of the relevant Option [I] 
[II] [III] of the Terms and Conditions] [In case of Typ B insert: The relevant Option [I] [II] [III] of the 
Terms and Conditions, completed and specified by, and to be read together with, Part I of these Final 
Terms] represent the conditions applicable to the relevant Series of Notes (the "Conditions").  
Die Emissionsbedingungen werden durch die Angaben in Teil I dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen 
vervollständigt und spezifiziert. [Im Fall von Typ A einfügen: Die vervollständigten und spezifizierten 
Bestimmungen der jeweiligen Option [I] [II] [III] der Emissionsbedingungen] [Im Fall von Typ B 
einfügen: Die Option [I] [II] [III] der Emissionsbedingungen, vervollständigt und spezifiziert durch und in 
Verbindung mit Teil I dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen] stellen für die betreffende Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen die Bedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen dar (die "Bedingungen").  
 
PART I. 
TEIL I. 
 
Conditions that complete and specify the Terms and Conditions. 
Bedingungen, die die Emissionsbedingungen komplettieren bzw. spezifizieren. 
 
[[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Notes are to be determined by replicating the 
relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I to Option III including certain further 
options contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders ("Type A" Final 
Terms), the following paragraphs shall be applicable.]  
 
                                                 
3 
To be completed for all Notes. 
 
Auszufüllen für alle Schuldverschreibungen. 
4 
The Issue Date is the date of payment and settlement of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery date. 
 
Der Valutierungstag ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier Lieferung ist der 
Valutierungstag der Tag der Lieferung. 
5 
Required only for listed or public issues. offer price less Management/Underwriting Commission and Selling Concession 
 
Nur für börsennotierte und öffentlich angebotene Emissionen erforderlich. Ausgabepreis abzüglich Management- und 
Übernahmeprovision sowie Verkaufsprovision.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
The applicable and legally binding Conditions are as set out below in the [German] [English] language 
version [together with a non-binding [German] [English] language translation thereof]. 
 
[In the case of Fixed Rate Notes replicate the relevant provisions of Option I and complete relevant 
placeholders] 
 
[In the case of Floating Rate Notes replicate the relevant provisions of Option II and complete 
relevant placeholders] 
 
[In the case of Zero Coupon Notes replicate the relevant provisions of Option III and complete 
relevant placeholders] 
 
[Falls die für die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Wiederholung der 
betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I bis Option III aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der 
jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und die betreffenden Platzhalter 
vervollständigt werden ("Typ A" Endgültige Bedingen), gelten die folgenden Absätze.]  
 
Die geltenden und rechtlich bindenden Bedingungen sind wie nachfolgend in der [deutschen] [englischen] 
Sprache aufgeführt [zusammen mit einer unverbindlichen Übersetzung in die [englische] [deutsche] 
Sprache].  
 
[Im Fall von Festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, die betreffenden Angaben der Option I 
wiederholen und betreffende Platzhalter vervollständigen]  
 
[Im Fall von Variabel Verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen die betreffenden Angaben der Option II 
wiederholen und betreffende Platzhalter vervollständigen]  
 
[Im Fall von Nullkupon Schuldverschreibungen die betreffenden Angaben der Option III 
wiederholen und betreffende Platzhalter vervollständigen] 
 
[[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Notes are to be determined by referring to the 
relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I to Option III including certain further 
options contained therein, respectively ("Type B" Final Terms), the following paragraphs shall be 
applicable.] 
 
This Part I. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply 
to [Fixed Rate Notes] [Floating Rate Notes] [Zero Coupon Notes] set forth in the Prospectus as [Option I] 
[Option II] [Option III]. Capitalised terms shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
 
All references in this Part I. of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to 
paragraphs and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
 
The placeholders in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions which are applicable to the Notes shall be 
deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were 
inserted in the placeholder of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions which are not 
selected and not completed by the information contained in the Final Terms shall be deemed to be deleted 
from the terms and conditions applicable to the Notes. 
 
[Falls die für die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen, die durch Verweisung auf 
die betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I bis Option III aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der 
jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden ("Typ B" Endgültige 
Bedingen), gelten die folgenden Absätze.] 
 
Dieser TEIL I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Emissionsbedingungen, 
der auf [Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen] [Variabel Verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen] 
[Nullkupon Schuldverschreibungen] Anwendung findet, zu lesen, der als [Option I] [Option II] [Option III]

--- Page 172 ---
172 
im Prospekt enthalten ist. Begriffe, die in den Emissionsbedingungen definiert sind, haben dieselbe 
Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
 
Bezugnahmen in diesem TEIL I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich 
auf die Paragraphen und Absätze der Emissionsbedingungen. 
 
Die 
Platzhalter 
in 
den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben 
ausgefüllt, als ob die Platzhalter in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären. 
Sämtliche Optionen der Emissionsbedingungen, die nicht durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen 
enthaltenen Angaben ausgewählt und ausgefüllt wurden, gelten als in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren Bedingungen gestrichen.] 
 
§ 1 CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, TITLE, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
§ 1 WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, EIGENTUM, DEFINITIONEN 
 
§ 1 (1) Currency, Denomination 
§ 1 (1) Währung, Stückelung 
 
 
Tranche No.:  
Tranchen-Nr.: 
 
[●] 
[●] 
Specified Currency:  
Festgelegte Währung: 
 
[●] 
[●] 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
Gesamtnennbetrag: 
 
[●] 
[●] 
Specified Denomination: 
Festgelegte Stückelung: 
 
[●] 
[●] 
§ 1 (4) Clearing System 
§ 1 (4) Clearing System 
 
 
 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am 
Main 
 
Mergenthalerallee 61 
 
65760 Eschborn 
 
 
 
Clearstream Banking S.A., 
 
Luxembourg 
 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy 
 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
 
 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II 
 
B-1210 Brussels 
 
 
 
Oesterreichische Kontrollbank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Am Hof 4; Strauchgasse 3 
 
A-1011 Vienna 
 
 
 
 
Other: 
 
Sonstige: 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
New Global Note

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
New Global Note 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which 
would 
allow 
ECB 
eligibility 
[Yes. Note that if this item is applicable it simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the international central securities 
depositaries (ICSDs) as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria (ECB eligibility).]6 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
Verwahrung in einer Weise, die 
EZB-Fähigkeit bewirkt  
[Ja. Im Fall der Anwendbarkeit dieses Punktes ist damit 
beabsichtigt, die Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt 
ihrer Emission bei einer der internationalen zentralen 
Verwahrstellen 
(ICSDs) 
als 
gemeinsame 
Sicherheitsverwahrstelle einzureichen. Das bedeutet 
nicht notwendigerweise, dass die Schuldverschreibungen 
zum Zeitpunkt ihrer Emission oder zu einem anderen 
Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit als geeignete Sicherheit 
im Sinne der Geldpolitik des Eurosystems und für 
Zwecke der untertägigen Kreditfähigkeit durch das 
Eurosystem anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung 
hängt von der Erfüllung der Kriterien der Eignung des 
Eurosystems ab (EZB-Fähigkeit).]6 
 
[Nein. Auch wenn zum Datum dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
"nein" 
ausgewählt 
ist, 
können 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sofern 
die 
EZB-
Zulässigkeitskriterien sich in die Zukunft ändern und due 
Schuldverschreibungen diese erfüllen könnten, bei einem 
der ICSDs als gemeinsame Verwahrstelle hinterlegt 
werden. Das bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann während ihrer Laufzeit als 
geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der Geldpolitik des 
Eurosystems 
und 
für 
Zwecke 
der 
untertägigen 
Kreditfähigkeit durch das Eurosystem anerkannt werden. 
Eine solche Anerkennung hängt von der Erfüllung der 
Kriterien der Eignung des Eurosystems ab (EZB-
Fähigkeit).]6 
 
Classical Global Note 
 
                                                 
6  
Include this text if this item is applicable in which case the Notes must be issued in NGN form. 
 
Dieser Text ist einzufügen, falls dieser Punkt anwendbar ist. In diesem Fall müssen die Schuldverschreibungen in NGN Form 
emittiert werden.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
Classical Global Note 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow ECB eligibility 
[Note that if this item is applicable it simply means that 
the Classical Global Note is intended to be deposited 
directly with Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt which 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria (ECB eligibility)]7 
Verwahrung in einer Weise, die 
EZB-Fähigkeit bewirkt  
[Im Fall der Anwendbarkeit dieses Punktes ist damit 
beabsichtigt, die Classical Global Note direkt bei 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt einzuliefern. Das 
bedeutet 
nicht 
notwendigerweise, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt ihrer Emission 
oder zu einem anderen Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit 
als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der Geldpolitik des 
Eurosystems 
und 
für 
Zwecke 
der 
untertägigen 
Kreditfähigkeit durch das Eurosystem anerkannt werden. 
Eine solche Anerkennung hängt von der Erfüllung der 
Kriterien der Eignung des Eurosystems ab (EZB-
Fähigkeit).]7 
 
§ 1 [(7)] [(8)] Definitions 
§ 1 [(7)] [(8)] Definitionen 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centres: 
Relevante Finanzzentren: 
[●] 
[●] 
 
§ 3 Interest 
§ 3 Zinsen 
 
Option I: Fixed Rate Notes 
 
Option I: Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
 
[§ 3 (1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment 
Dates 
§ 3 (1) Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage 
 
 
Rate of Interest: 
[     ]% per annum  
Zinssatz: 
[     ]% per annum  
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
Zinszahlungstag(e): 
 
[●]  
[●] 
 
First Interest Payment Date 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Initial Broken Amount (per Specified 
Denomination) 
[●] 
 
                                                 
7  
Include this text if the Classical Global Note is deposited directly with Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt. 
Dieser Text ist einzufügen, falls die Classical Global Note direkt bei Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt eingeliefert wird.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
Anfänglicher 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
(pro 
festgelegte Stückelung) 
 
[●] 
 
 
Final Broken 
Amount (per Specified 
Denomination) 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag (pro 
festgelegte Stückelung) 
 
[●] 
 
[●] 
 
[Determination Date(s)8 
Feststellungstermin(e)8 
[●] [in each year] 
[●] [in jedem Jahr]]] 
 
 
Option II: Floating Rate Notes 
 
Option II: Variabel Verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
 
[§ 3 (1) Interest Payment Dates 
§ 3 (1) Zinszahlungstage 
 
 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes: 
Fest- zu variabel verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen: 
[Yes] [No] 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Interest Commencement Date 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage: 
[●][of each calendar year] [and the Maturity Date] 
[●] [eines jeden Kalenderjahres] [und der Fälligkeitstag] 
 
 
Specified Interest Period(s): 
 
 
 
Festgelegte Zinsperiode(n): 
[insert number] [weeks] [months] [insert other specified 
periods]  
[Anzahl 
einfügen] 
[Wochen] 
[Monate] 
[andere 
festgelegte Zeiträume einfügen] 
 
[First Interest Payment Date falling into the Floating 
Interest Term: 
Erster Zinszahlungstag, der in den Variablen-
Zinszeitraum fällt: 
 
[●] 
 
[●] 
 
[Determination Date(s)9 
Feststellungstermin(e)9 
 
[●] [in each year ]10[●] [in jedem Jahr]]10 
§ 3 (2) Rate of Interest 
§ 3 (2)Zinssatz 
 
 
[Rate of Interest for the Fixed Interest Term: 
Zinssatz für den Festzinssatz-Zeitraum: 
[●] 
[●] 
 
                                                 
8  
Insert number of regular interest dates ignoring issue date in the case of a long or short first coupon. N.B. Only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA). 
 
Einzusetzen ist die Anzahl der festen Zinstermine, wobei im Falle eines langen oder kurzen ersten Kupons der Tag der Begebung 
nicht zu berücksichtigen ist. N.B.: Nur einschlägig im Falle des Zinstagequotienten Actual/Actual (ICMA). 
9  
Insert number of regular interest dates ignoring issue date in the case of a long or short first coupon. N.B. Only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA). 
Einzusetzen ist die Anzahl der festen Zinstermine, wobei im Falle eines langen oder kurzen ersten Kupons der Tag der Begebung 
nicht zu berücksichtigen sind. N.B.: Nur einschlägig im Falle des Zinstagequotienten Actual/Actual (ICMA). 
10  Applicable only with regard to Fixed to Floating Rate Notes. 
Ausschließlich in Bezug auf Fest- zu variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
Initial Broken Amount (per Specified 
Denomination) 
Anfänglicher 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
(pro 
festgelegte Stückelung) 
 
[●]11 
[●]]11 
 
Interest is linked to:  
Verzinsung ist abhängig von: 
 
 
Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR®) 
Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR®) 
 
 
[EURIBOR® (Brussels time/TARGET Business 
Day/Interbank market in the Euro-Zone) 
EURIBOR® 
(Brüsseler 
Ortszeit/TARGET- 
Geschäftstag/Interbanken-Markt in der Euro-Zone) 
 
[●] 
 
[●] 
 
[Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR)® means 
the rate for deposits in Euros for a specified period] 
[Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR®) bedeutet 
den Satz für Einlagen in Euros für eine bestimmte 
Laufzeit.] 
 
[●] 
 
[●] 
 
Screen page: 
Bildschirmseite: 
Reuters screen page [EURIBOR01] [●] 
Reuters Bildschirmseite [EURIBOR01] [●]  
 
[Factor: 
Faktor: 
[Yes] [No] 
[Ja] [Nein] 
 
If Factor applies: [●] 
Sofern ein Faktor Anwendung findet: [●]] 
 
Margin 
Marge 
[Yes] [No] 
[Ja] [Nein] 
 
[[●]% per annum]  
[[●]% per annum]  
 
 
plus 
plus 
 
 
minus 
minus 
 
 
Interest Determination Date 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
 
 
[second] [insert other applicable number of days] 
[TARGET] 
[London] 
[insert 
other 
relevant 
reference] Business Day 
[zweiter] [zutreffende andere Zahl von Tagen 
einfügen] [TARGET] [London] [zutreffende andere 
Bezugnahmen einfügen] Geschäftstag 
 
[●] 
 
 
[●] 
Reference Banks (if other than as specified in 
§ 3(2)): Referenzbanken (sofern abweichend von § 3 
Absatz 2): 
[●] [Not applicable] 
[●] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
                                                 
11  Applicable only with regard to Fixed to Floating Rate Notes. 
Ausschließlich in Bezug auf Fest- zu variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
Discontinuation Event  
Einstellungsereignis 
 
 
Period to determine a Successor Reference Rate 
Zeitraum zur Ermittlung eines Nachfolge-
Referenzzinssatz 
 
[30] [●] days 
 
[30] [●] Tagen 
 
Period to appoint an independent expert 
Zeitraum zur Bestellung eines unabhängigen 
Sachverständigen 
 
[30] [●] days 
 
[30] [●] Tagen 
 
Redemption date 
 
 
Rückzahlungsdatum 
 
not less than [number of days/TARGET Business Days] 
[days] [TARGET Business Days] after the date on which 
the Issuer gave notice to the Holders 
nicht weniger als [Anzahl der Tage/Target-Geschäftstage] 
[Tage] [Target-Geschäftstage] nach dem Datum, an dem 
die Mitteilung der Emittentin an die Gläubiger erfolgt ist 
 
§ 3 (3) [Minimum] [and] [Maximum] Rate of 
Interest 
§ 3 (3) [Mindestzinssatz] [und] [Höchstzinssatz] 
 
 
 
Minimum Rate of Interest Mindestzinssatz 
[[●]% per annum]  
[[●]% per annum]  
 
 
Maximum Rate of Interest Höchstzinssatz 
[[●]% per annum]  
[[●]% per annum]] 
 
 
Option III: Zero Coupon Notes 
 
OPTION III: Nullkupon Schuldverschreibungen 
 
[§ 3 (2) Accruel of Interest 
§ 3 (2) Auflaufende Zinsen 
 
 
Amortisation Yield: 
Emissionsrendite: 
[●]% per annum  
[●]% per annum]] 
 
§ 3 [(3)] [(4)] [(7)] [(8)] Day Count Fraction 
§ 3 [(3)] [(4)] [(7)] [(8)] Zinstagequotient 
 
 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
 
 
30/36012 
 
30/36012 
 
 
 
ACT/ACT (ISDA) or Actual/365 
 
ACT/ACT (ISDA) oder Actual/365 
 
 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
                                                 
12  
May be applicable with regard to Option I only. 
Kann nur im Fall von Option I anwendbar sein.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
Actual/360 
 
Actual/360 
 
 
 
30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
 
30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis 
 
 
 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis 
 
30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis 
 
 
§ 4 PAYMENTS 
§ 4 ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 4 (5) Payment Business Day 
§ 4 (5) Zahltag 
 
 
 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
Modifizierte 
folgender 
Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
 
FRN Convention13 
 
 
FRN-Konvention13 
 
[[insert number] months [insert other specified 
periods]][[Zahl einfügen]  
Monate [andere festgelegte Zeiträume einfügen]] 
 
Following Business Day Convention 
 
Folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
 
 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
Vorangegangener Geschäftstag-
 
Konvention 
 
 
 
Adjusted14 
 
Angepasst14 
 
 
 
Unadjusted 
 
Nicht angepasst 
 
 
§ 5 REDEMPTION§ 5 RÜCKZAHLUNG 
§ 5 (1) Redemption at Maturity 
§ 5 (1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
 
 
Maturity Date: 
 
Fälligkeitstag: 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Redemption month/year: 15 
 
Rückzahlungsmonat/ -jahr: 15 
[●] 
[●] 
 
                                                 
13  
May be applicable with regard to Option II only. 
Kann nur auf Option II anwendbar sein. 
14  
May be applicable with regard to Option II only. 
Kann nur auf Option II anwendbar sein. 
15  
May be applicable with regard to Option II only. 
Kann nur auf Option II anwendbar sein.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
Option III: Zero Coupon Notes 
 
 
OPTION III: Nullkupon Schuldverschreibungen 
 
[Final Redemption Amount per Note16: 
Rückzahlungsbetrag pro Schuldverschreibung16: 
 
[insert amount] 
[Betrag einfügen]]  
 
§ 5 (3) Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer 
§ 5 (3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin 
 
[Yes] [No] 
 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Minimum Redemption Amount 
Mindestrückzahlungsbetrag 
 
[●] [Not applicable] 
[●] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
Higher Redemption Amount 
Höherer Rückzahlungsbetrag 
 
[●] [Not applicable] 
[●] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Call) 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Minimum Notice to Holders 
Mindestkündigungsfrist 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Maximum Notice to Holders 
Höchstkündigungsfrist 
[●] 
[●] 
 
§ 5 [(3)] [(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of a 
Noteholder 
§ 5 [(3)] [(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
des Anleihegläubigers 
 
[Yes] [No] 
 
[Ja] [Nein] 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Put) 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Minimum Notice to Issuer 
Mindestkündigungsfrist 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Maximum Notice to Issuer 
Höchstkündigungsfrist 
[●] 
[●] 
 
§ 5 [(3)] [(4)] [(5)] Early Redemption as a result of 
a Change of Control Event 
§ 5 [(3)] [(4)] [(5)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
aufgrund eines Kontrollwechsels 
 
[Yes] [No] 
 
[Ja] [Nein] 
                                                 
16  Applicable with regard to Option III only. The Final Redemption Amount may not be less than the Specified Denomination of 
the Notes. 
Ausschließlich anwendbar bei Option III. Der Rückzahlungsbetrag pro Schuldverschreibung darf nicht weniger als ihre 
festgelegte Stückelung sein.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
[§ 5 [(3)] [(4)] [(5)] [(6)] Amortised Face Amount17 
§ 5 [(3)][(4)][(5)][(6)] Amortisationsbetrag17 
 
 
Reference Price 
Referenzpreis 
[●] 
[●]] 
 
§ 6 FISCAL AGENT [,] [AND] PAYING AGENTS [AND CALCULATION AGENT] 
§ 6 EMISSIONSSTELLE [,] [UND] ZAHLSTELLEN [UND BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] 
 
 
other Paying Agent(s) 
 
andere Zahlstelle(n) 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Additional 
Paying 
Agent(s)/specified 
 
office(s) 
 
Zusätzliche 
Zahlstelle(n)/bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle(n) 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Calculation Agent/specified office18 
 
Berechnungsstelle/bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle18 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Required location of Calculation Agent 
(specify): 
Vorgeschriebener Ort für 
Berechnungsstelle (angeben): 
[●]  
 
[●]  
 
§ 7 TAXES 
§ 7 STEUERN 
 
§ 7 (2) No Additional Amounts 
§ 7 (2) Keine zusätzlichen Beträge 
 
 
 
(b) Presentation or assertion of rights within 
30 days from Relevant Date 
 
 
(b) Vorlegung oder Geltendmachung der 
Rechte innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem 
maßgeblichen Tag 
 
 
                                                 
17  Applicable with regard to Option III only. 
Ausschließlich anwendbar bei Option III. 
18  Applicable with regard to Option II only. 
Ausschließlich anwendbar bei Option II.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
[(d)][(e)] Withholding or deduction because 
of presentation of Note for payment at the 
counter 
 
[(d)][(e)] Abzug oder Einbehalt aufgrund der 
Vorlage zur Einlösung am Schalter 
 
 
 
[(e)][(f)][(g)] Imposure or withholding of 
taxes, etc. due to failure by the Noteholder or 
the beneficial owner to comply with any 
requirement 
 
[(e)][(f)][(g)] Erhebung oder Abzug der 
Steuern, 
etc., 
weil 
der 
Inhaber 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
oder 
der 
wirtschaftlich Berechtigte es versäumt hat 
Anforderungen zu erfüllen 
 
§ 12 NOTICES 
§ 12 MITTEILUNGEN 
 
Place and medium of publication 
Ort und Medium der Bekanntmachung 
 
 
 
Austria (Amtsblatt zur Wiener Zeitung) 
 
Österreich (Amtsblatt zur Wiener Zeitung) 
 
 
 
Germany (Börsen-Zeitung) 
 
Deutschland (Börsen-Zeitung) 
 
 
 
Luxembourg (Luxemburger Wort) 
 
Luxemburg (Luxemburger Wort) 
 
 
 
Luxembourg (Tageblatt) 
 
Luxemburg (Tageblatt) 
 
 
 
London (Financial Times) 
 
London (Financial Times) 
 
 
 
Internetadresse 
 
Internet address 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
Other (specify) 
 
Sonstige (angeben) 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Notices will be deemed to have been validly given on 
the day of such publication. 
Mitteilungen 
gelten 
mit 
dem 
Tag 
der 
Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
[Yes] [No] 
 
[Ja] [Nein]

--- Page 182 ---
182 
§ 15 Language 
§ 15 Sprache 
 
German only  
 
ausschließlich Deutsch  
 
 
English only  
 
ausschließlich Englisch 
 
 
German and English (German prevailing)  
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text maßgeblich)  
 
English and German (English prevailing)  
 
Englisch und Deutsch (englischer Text maßgeblich) 
 
 
 
PART II. 
TEIL II. 
 
Other conditions which shall not be inserted in the Terms and Conditions and which apply to all Notes. 
Sonstige Bedingungen, die nicht in den Emissionsbedingungen einzusetzen sind und die für alle 
Schuldverschreibungen gelten. 
 
[DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS RELATED TO DEBT SECURITIES WITH A DENOMINATION 
PER UNIT OF LESS THAN EUR 100,000 
ANGABEN BEZOGEN AUF SCHULDTITEL MIT EINER MINDESTSTÜCKELUNG VON WENIGER 
ALS EUR 100.000 
Material Interest 
Materielles Interesse 
 
Material Interest of natural and legal persons 
involved in the issue/offer 
[The Issuer is entitled to purchase or sell Notes for its 
own account or for the account of third parties and to 
issue further Notes. In addition, the Issuer may, on a 
daily basis, act on the national and international 
finance and capital markets. Therefore, the Issuer 
may, for its own account or for the account of its 
clients, also close transactions with regard to 
reference rates and it may, with regard to such 
transactions, act in the same manner as if the Notes 
had not been issued.] 
[specify further, if any] 
Wesentliche Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und 
juristischer Personen, die an der Emission/dem 
Angebot beteiligt sind 
[Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
Schuldver- 
schreibungen 
für 
eigene 
Rechnung 
oder 
für 
Rechnung Dritter zu kaufen und zu verkaufen und 
weitere Schuldverschreibungen zu begeben. Die 
Emittentin kann darüber hinaus täglich an den 
nationalen 
und 
internationalen 
Geld-und 
Kapitalmärkten tätig werden. Sie kann daher für 
eigene 
Rechnung 
oder 
für 
Kundenrechnung 
Geschäfte auch mit Bezug auf Referenzwerte 
abschließen und sie kann in Bezug auf diese 
Geschäfte auf dieselbe Weise handeln, als wären die 
begebenen Schuldverschreibungen nicht ausgegeben 
worden.]  
[weitere Einzelheiten einfügen, sofern vorhanden] 
 
 
Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds 
[specify details] 
Gründe für das Angebot und Zweckbestimmung der 
Erlöse 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Estimated net proceeds 
[●] 
[●]

--- Page 183 ---
183 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag des Emissionserlöses 
 
 
Securities Identification Numbers 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern 
 
 
Common Code: 
Common Code: 
 
[●] 
[●] 
ISIN Code: 
ISIN Code: 
 
[●] 
[●] 
German Securities Code (WKN): 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer: 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[Any other securities number: 
Andere Wertpapierkennnummer: 
 
[●] 
[●]] 
Yield19: 
Rendite19: 
 
 
 
Yield on offer price: 
 
Emissionsrendite: 
 
[●] 
[●]] 
[Information on historic reference rates /values 
and further performance as well as volatility
20 
Informationen zu historischen Referenzsätzen / 
Werten und künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre 
Volatilität20 
 
 
Details of historic [insert relevant EURIBOR® rate(s)] can be obtained from [insert relevant source]. 
Einzelheiten der Entwicklung des [maßgebliche(n) EURIBOR® Referenzzinssatz/ -sätze einfügen] in der 
Vergangenheit können abgerufen werden unter [maßgebliche Informationsquelle einfügen]. 
 
Placement of the Notes 
Platzierung der Schuldverschreibungen 
 
 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of Notes may be made by 
the Dealers [and [specify, if applicable]] other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation 
in [Austria] [Germany] [Luxembourg] ("Public 
Offer Jurisdictions") during the period from 
[specify date] until [specify date] ("Offer Period").] 
[●] 
Prospektpflichtiges Angebot: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Ein Angebot kann seitens der 
Dealer 
[und 
[spezifizieren, 
falls 
einschlägig]] 
außerhalb des Ausnahmebereichs gemäß Artikel 1(4) 
der 
Prospektverordnung 
in 
[Österreich] 
[Deutschland] 
[Luxemburg] 
("Öffentliche 
Angebotsstaaten") innerhalb des Zeitraumes von 
[Datum spezifizieren] bis [Datum spezifizieren] (die 
"Angebotsfrist") durchgeführt werden.] [●] 
                                                 
19  Only applicable with regard to Option I 
 
Ausschließlich in Bezug auf die Option I anwendbar. 
20  Only applicable with regard to Option II. 
 
Ausschließlich in Bezug auf die Option II anwendbar.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors:21 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Vertriebsverbot an Kleinanleger im EWR 21 
 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors22 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten 
Königreich22 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject 
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt 
[None] [specify details]  
[Keine] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Time period, including any possible amendments, 
during which the offer will be open 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Frist — 
einschließlich 
etwaiger 
Änderungen — 
während der das Angebot vorliegt 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Description of the application process 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Beschreibung des Prozesses für die Umsetzung des 
Angebots 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
A 
description 
of 
the 
possibility 
to 
reduce 
subscriptions and the manner for refunding excess 
amount paid by applicants 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der 
Zeichnungen und der Art und Weise der Erstattung 
des zu viel gezahlten Betrags an die Zeichner 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of 
application, (whether in number of Notes or 
aggregate amount to invest) 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag 
der Zeichnung (entweder in Form der Anzahl der 
Schuldverschreibungen oder des aggregierten zu 
investierenden Betrags) 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Method and time limits for paying up the securities 
and for its delivery 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der 
Wertpapiere und ihre Lieferung 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Manner and date in which results of the offer are to 
be made public 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Art und Weise und des Termins, auf die bzw. an dem 
die Ergebnisse des Angebots offen zu legen sind 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
The procedure for the exercise of any rights of pre-
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
                                                 
21  If the issue and/or offer of the Notes is concluded prior to 1 January 2018, or on and after that date and the Notes clearly do not 
constitute "packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the issue and/or offer of the Notes will be concluded on 
or after 1 January 2018 and the Notes may constitute "packaged" products, "Applicable" should be specified. 
 
Wenn die Emission und/oder das Angebot der Schuldverschreibungen vor dem 1. Januar 2018 stattfindet, oder die 
Schuldverschreibungen an oder nach diesem Tag eindeutig keine "packaged" Produkte darstellen, sollte "Nicht anwendbar" 
konkretisiert werden. Wenn Emission und/oder das Angebot der Schuldverschreibungen am oder nach dem 1. Januar 2018 
stattfindet und die Schuldverschreibungen "packaged" Produkte darstellen, sollte "Anwendbar" konkretisiert werden 
22 
Specify "Applicable" if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK. 
 
"Anwendbar" wählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" nach der PRIIPs Verordnung einzuordnen 
sein könnten und kein Basisinformationsblatt in UK erstellt wird.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
emption, the negotiability of subscription rights and 
the treatment of subscription rights not exercised 
Verfahren für die Ausübung etwaiger Vorzugsrechte, 
die Marktfähigkeit der Zeichnungsrechte und die 
Behandlung nicht ausgeübter Zeichnungsrechte 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Various categories of potential investors to which the 
Notes are offered: 
 
Angabe 
der 
verschiedenen 
Kategorien 
der 
potentiellen 
Investoren, 
denen 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen angeboten werden: 
 
 
 Qualified investors 
 
Qualifizierte Anleger 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 Retail investors 
 
Privat Investoren 
 
[●] 
[●] 
Process for notification to applicants of the amount 
allotted and indication whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Verfahren 
zur 
Meldung 
des 
den 
Zeichnern 
zugeteilten Betrags und Angabe, ob eine Aufnahme 
des Handels vor dem Meldeverfahren möglich ist 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Indicate the amount of any expenses specifically 
charged to the subscriber or purchaser 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Angabe der Kosten und Steuern, die speziell dem 
Zeichner oder Käufer in Rechnung gestellt werden 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the global 
offer and of single parts of the offer and, to the extent 
known to the Issuer or the offeror, or the placers in 
the various countries where the offer takes place 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Name 
und 
Anschrift 
des 
Koordinator/der 
Koordinatoren des globalen Angebots oder einzelner 
Teile des Angebots und – sofern der Emittentin oder 
dem Bieter bekannt – Angaben zu den Platzeuren in 
den einzelnen Ländern des Angebots 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Method of Distribution 
Vertriebsmethode 
 
 
 Non-Syndicated 
 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
 
 Syndicated 
 
Syndiziert 
 
 
Management 
Details 
including 
Form 
of 
Commitments 
 
Einzelheiten 
bezüglich 
der 
Dealer, 
des 
Bankenkonsortiums einschließlich der Art der 
Übernahme 
 
 
Dealer/Management Group (specify) 
Platzeur/Bankenkonsortium (angeben) 
[insert name and address]  
[Name und Adresse einzufügen]

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 firm commitment 
 
feste Zusage 
 
 
 no 
firm 
commitment/best 
efforts 
arrangements 
 
Keine feste Zusage/zu den bestmöglichen 
Bedingungen 
 
 
Subscription Agreement 
Subscription Agreement 
 
 
Date of subscription agreement 
Datum des Begebungsvertrags 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Commissions 
Provisionen 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Management/Underwriting Commission (specify) 
Management- und Übernahmeprovision (angeben) 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Selling Concession (specify) 
Verkaufsprovision (angeben) 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Listing Commission (specify) 
Börsenzulassungsprovision (angeben) 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Other (specify) 
Andere (angeben) 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Listing(s) and admission to trading 
Börsenzulassung(en) und Zulassung zum Handel 
 
[Yes] [No]  
[Ja] [Nein] 
 
 Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Luxemburger Börse 
 
 
 Regulated Market 
 
Regulierter Markt 
 
 
 EuroMTF 
 
EuroMTF 
 
 
 Vienna Stock Exchange 
Wiener Wertpapierbörse 
 
 
 Regulated Market 
 
Amtlicher Handel 
 
 
 Other Market Segment  
 
anderes Marktsegment 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 Other:  
 
Sonstige: 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Date of admission to trading 
Datum der Zulassung zum Handel 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Date of admission to trading 
Datum der Zulassung zum Handel 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
All regulated markets or equivalent markets on 
which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, Notes of the 
[Not applicable] [specify details]

--- Page 187 ---
187 
same class of the Notes issued by the Issuer to be 
offered or admitted to trading are already admitted to 
trading:  
Angabe sämtlicher geregelter oder gleichwertiger 
Märkte, auf denen nach Kenntnis der Emittentin 
Schuldverschreibungen der Emittentin der gleichen 
Wertpapierkategorie, die zum Handel angeboten 
oder zugelassen werden sollen, bereits zum Handel 
zugelassen sind: 
 
 
 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange  
 
(Bourse de Luxembourg) Regulierter Markt 
der Luxemburger Börse (Bourse de 
Luxembourg) 
 
 
 
Second Regulated Market of the Vienna 
Stock ExchangeGeregelter Freiverkehr der 
Wiener Wertpapierbörse 
 
 
 Regulated Market of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange 
 
Regulierter Markt der Frankfurter 
Wertpapierbörse 
 
 
 Other:  
 
Sonstige: 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 None 
 
Keiner 
 
 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through bid and offer 
rates and description of the main terms of their 
commitment 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer 
festen Zusage als Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel 
tätig sind und Liquidität mittels Geld- und 
Briefkursen erwirtschaften, und Beschreibung der 
Hauptbedingungen der Zusagevereinbarung 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Stabilising Dealer(s)/Manager(s): 
Kursstabilisierende Platzeur(e)/Manager: 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Third Party Information 
Information Dritter 
 
 
Where information has been sourced from a third 
party the Issuer confirms that any such information 
has been accurately reproduced and as far as the 
Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information available to it from such third party, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The Issuer has not independently verified any such 
information and accepts no responsibility for the 
accuracy thereof. 
[Not applicable] [specify details]

--- Page 188 ---
188 
Sofern 
Informationen 
von 
Seiten 
Dritter 
übernommen wurden, bestätigt die Emittentin, dass 
diese 
Informationen 
zutreffend 
wiedergegeben 
worden sind und – soweit es der Emittentin bekannt 
ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung 
gestellten Informationen ableiten konnte – keine 
Fakten unterschlagen wurden, die die reproduzierten 
Informationen 
unzutreffend 
oder 
irreführend 
gestalten 
würden. 
Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
diese 
Informationen nicht selbständig überprüft und 
übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit. 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Consent to the use of the Prospectus 
Einwilligung zur Nutzung des Prospekts 
 
 
The Issuer consents to the use of the Prospectus by 
the 
following 
Dealer(s) 
and/or 
financial 
intermediar[y][ies] (individual consent): 
[insert name[s] and address[es]] [not applicable] 
Die 
Emittentin 
stimmt 
der 
Verwendung 
des 
Prospekts durch den/die folgenden Platzeur(e) 
und/oder 
Finanzintermediär(e) 
(individuelle 
Zustimmung) zu: 
 
[Name[n] 
und 
Adresse[n] 
einfügen] 
[nicht 
anwendbar] 
Individual consent for the subsequent resale or final 
placement of Securities by the Dealer(s) and/or 
financial intermediary[y][ies] is given in relation to: 
[Luxembourg] 
[Austria] 
[,] 
[and] 
[Germany]  
to [insert name[s] and address[es] [and [give 
details]] 
Individuelle 
Zustimmung 
zu 
der 
späteren 
Weiterveräußerung und der endgültigen Platzierung 
der 
Wertpapiere 
durch 
[den][die] 
Platzeur(e) 
und/oder Finanzintermediär[e] wird gewährt in 
Bezug auf: 
 
[Luxemburg] [Österreich] [,][und][Deutschland] für 
[Name[n] und Adresse[n] einfügen] [und [Details 
angeben]] 
Such consent is also subject to and given under the 
condition: 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Ferner erfolgt diese Zustimmung vorbehaltlich: 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
The subsequent resale or final placement of Notes by 
Dealers and/or financial intermediaries can be made: 
[As long as this Prospectus is valid in accordance 
with Article 12(1) of the Prospectus Regulation] 
[insert period] 
 
Die spätere Weiterveräußerung und endgültigen 
Platzierung 
der 
Wertpapiere 
durch 
Platzeure 
und/oder 
Finanzintermediäre 
kann 
erfolgen 
während: 
[der Dauer der Gültigkeit des Prospekts gemäß 
Artikel 12(1) der Prospektverordnung] 
[Zeitraum einfügen] 
 
 Rating
23 
 
Rating23 
[specify details] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
[Specify whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Community and is registered or 
has applied for registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, amended by Regulation (EC) No 513/2011 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 2011, (the "CRA Regulation").]  
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Gemeinschaft hat und 
                                                 
23  Insert relevant rating with regard to the rating of individual Notes, if any. Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has been previously published by the rating provider.  
Maßgebliches Rating hinsichtlich der Schuldverschreibungen, soweit vorhanden, einfügen. Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung 
des Ratings, wenn dieses unlängst von der Ratingagentur erstellt wurde, einfügen.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. September 
2009 über Ratingagenturen, geändert durch Verordnung (EU) Nr. 513/2011 des Europäischen Parlaments 
und des Rates vom 11. Mai 2011, (die "Ratingagentur-Verordnung") registriert ist oder die Registrierung 
beantragt hat.] 
[The European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") publishes on its website (www.esma.europa.eu) 
a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within 
five working days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The 
European Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 
days following such update.] 
 
[Die Europäische Wertpapier und Marktaufsichtsbehörde ("ESMA") veröffentlicht auf ihrer Webseite 
(www.esma.europa.eu) 
ein 
Verzeichnis 
der 
nach 
der 
Ratingagentur-Verordnung 
registrierten 
Ratingagenturen. Dieses Verzeichnis wird innerhalb von fünf Werktagen nach Annahme eines Beschlusses 
gemäß Artikel 16, 17 oder 20 der Ratingagentur-Verordnung aktualisiert. Die Europäische Kommission 
veröffentlicht das aktualisierte Verzeichnis im Amtsblatt der Europäischen Union innerhalb von 30 Tagen 
nach der Aktualisierung.] 
 
[DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS RELATED TO DEBT SECURITIES WITH A DENOMINATION 
PER UNIT OF EUR 100,000 OR MORE THAN EUR 100,000 
ANGABEN BEZOGEN AUF SCHULDTITEL MIT EINER MINDESTSTÜCKELUNG VON  
EUR 100.000 
Material Interest 
Materielles Interesse 
 
 
Material Interest of natural and legal persons 
involved in the issue/offer 
[The Issuer is entitled to purchase or sell Notes for its 
own account or for the account of third parties and to 
issue further Notes. In addition, the Issuer may, on a 
daily basis, act on the national and international 
finance and capital markets. Therefore, the Issuer 
may, for its own account or for the account of its 
clients, also close transactions with regard to 
reference rates and it may, with regard to such 
transactions, act in the same manner as if the Notes 
had not been issued.] 
[specify further, if any] 
Wesentliche Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und 
juristischer Personen, die an der Emission/dem 
Angebot beteiligt sind 
[Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
Schuldver- 
schreibungen 
für 
eigene 
Rechnung 
oder 
für 
Rechnung Dritter zu kaufen und zu verkaufen und 
weitere Schuldverschreibungen zu begeben. Die 
Emittentin kann darüber hinaus täglich an den 
nationalen 
und 
internationalen 
Geld-und 
Kapitalmärkten tätig werden. Sie kann daher für 
eigene 
Rechnung 
oder 
für 
Kundenrechnung 
Geschäfte auch mit Bezug auf Referenzwerte 
abschließen und sie kann in Bezug auf diese 
Geschäfte auf dieselbe Weise handeln, als wären die 
begebenen Schuldverschreibungen nicht ausgegeben 
worden.]  
[weitere Einzelheiten einfügen, sofern vorhanden] 
 
Securities Identification Numbers 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern 
 
 
Common Code: 
Common Code: 
 
[●] 
[●] 
ISIN Code: 
ISIN Code: 
 
[●] 
[●]

--- Page 190 ---
190 
German Securities Code (WKN): 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer: 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[Any other securities number: 
Andere Wertpapierkennnummer: 
 
[●] 
[●]] 
Yield24: 
Rendite24: 
 
 
Yield on offer price: 
Emissionsrendite: 
 
[●] 
[●] 
Method of Distribution 
Vertriebsmethode 
 
 
 Non-Syndicated 
 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
 
 Syndicated 
 
Syndiziert 
 
 
Management Details  
 
Einzelheiten bezüglich der Dealer 
 
 
Dealer/Management Group (specify) 
Platzeur/Bankenkonsortium (angeben) 
[insert name and address] [Name und Adresse 
einzufügen] 
Commissions 
Provisionen 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Management/Underwriting Commission (specify) 
Management- und Übernahmeprovision (angeben) 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Selling Concession (specify) 
Verkaufsprovision (angeben) 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Listing Commission (specify) 
Börsenzulassungsprovision (angeben) 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Other (specify) 
Andere (angeben) 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to 
trading: 
Angabe der geschätzten Gesamtkosten für die 
Zulassung zum Handel: 
 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen]] 
 
Stabilising Manager: 
Kursstabilisierender Manager: 
 
[insert details]  
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Listing(s) and admission to trading 
Börsenzulassung(en) und Zulassung zum Handel 
 
[Yes] [No]  
[Ja] [Nein] 
 
 Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Luxemburger Börse 
 
 
                                                 
24  Only applicable with regard to Option I 
 
Ausschließlich in Bezug auf die Option I anwendbar.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 Regulated Market 
 
Regulierter Markt 
 
 
 EuroMTF 
 
EuroMTF 
 
 
 Vienna Stock Exchange 
Wiener Wertpapierbörse 
 
 
 Regulated Market 
 
Amtlicher Handel 
 
 
 Other Market Segment  
 
anderes Marktsegment 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 Other:  
 
Sonstige: 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Third Party Information 
Information Dritter 
 
 
Where information has been sourced from a third 
party the Issuer confirms that any such information 
has been accurately reproduced and as far as the 
Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information available to it from such third party, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The Issuer has not independently verified any such 
information and accepts no responsibility for the 
accuracy thereof. 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
 
Sofern 
Informationen 
von 
Seiten 
Dritter 
übernommen wurden, bestätigt die Emittentin, dass 
diese 
Informationen 
zutreffend 
wiedergegeben 
worden sind und – soweit es der Emittentin bekannt 
ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung 
gestellten Informationen ableiten konnte – keine 
Fakten unterschlagen wurden, die die reproduzierten 
Informationen 
unzutreffend 
oder 
irreführend 
gestalten 
würden. 
Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
diese 
Informationen nicht selbständig überprüft und 
übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit. 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 Rating
25 
 
Rating25 
[specify details] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
                                                 
25  Insert relevant rating with regard to the rating of individual Notes, if any. Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has been previously published by the rating provider.  
Maßgebliches Rating hinsichtlich der Schuldverschreibungen, soweit vorhanden, einfügen. Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung 
des Ratings, wenn dieses unlängst von der Ratingagentur erstellt wurde, einfügen.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
[Specify whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Community and is registered or 
has applied for registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, amended by Regulation (EC) No 513/2011 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 2011, (the "CRA Regulation").]  
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Gemeinschaft hat und 
gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. September 
2009 über Ratingagenturen, geändert durch Verordnung (EU) Nr. 513/2011 des Europäischen Parlaments 
und des Rates vom 11. Mai 2011, (die "Ratingagentur-Verordnung") registriert ist oder die Registrierung 
beantragt hat.] 
[The European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") publishes on its website (www.esma.europa.eu) 
a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within 
five working days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The 
European Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 
days following such update.] 
 
[Die Europäische Wertpapier und Marktaufsichtsbehörde ("ESMA") veröffentlicht auf ihrer Webseite 
(www.esma.europa.eu) 
ein 
Verzeichnis 
der 
nach 
der 
Ratingagentur-Verordnung 
registrierten 
Ratingagenturen. Dieses Verzeichnis wird innerhalb von fünf Werktagen nach Annahme eines Beschlusses 
gemäß Artikel 16, 17 oder 20 der Ratingagentur-Verordnung aktualisiert. Die Europäische Kommission 
veröffentlicht das aktualisierte Verzeichnis im Amtsblatt der Europäischen Union innerhalb von 30 Tagen 
nach der Aktualisierung.] 
 
 
The above Final Terms comprises the details required to list this issue of Notes under the 
Euro 12,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of OMV Aktiengesellschaft, as approved by the 
Commission (as from [insert first trading date of the Notes]). 
Die vorstehenden Endgültigen Bedingungen enthalten die Angaben, die für die Zulassung dieser Emission 
von Schuldverschreibungen unter dem von der Kommission genehmigten Euro 12.000.000.000 Euro Medium 
Term 
Note 
Programme 
der 
OMV 
Aktiengesellschaft 
(ab 
dem 
[Ersten 
Handelstag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen]) erforderlich sind. 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
 
 
By: 
_________________________________________ 
Duly authorised  
By: 
_________________________________________ 
Duly authorised 
 
[Annex to the Final Terms: Issue Specific Summary 
Anhang zu den Endgültigen Bedingungen: Emissionsspezifische Zusammenfassung 
[to be inserted]26 
[einfügen]] 26 
 
                                                 
26  Required only for Notes with a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 or the equivalent in another currency. 
 
Nur für Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 oder dem entsprechenden Gegenwert in einer 
anderen Währung.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
WARNING REGARDING TAXATION 
 
 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX 
ADVISORS AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND 
DISPOSITION OF NOTES INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL TAXES 
UNDER THE TAX LAWS OF GERMANY, AUSTRIA, LUXEMBOURG AND EACH COUNTRY 
OF WHICH THEY ARE RESIDENT OR IN WHICH THEY MAY OTHERWISE BE LIABLE 
FOR TAXES. THE RESPECTIVE RELEVANT TAX LEGISLATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT 
ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 27 August 2021 (the "Dealer 
Agreement") between OMV Aktiengesellschaft (in its capacity as Issuer) and Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, 
BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Erste 
Group Bank AG, J.P. Morgan AG, Landesbank Baden-Württemberg, Raiffeisen Bank International AG, 
Société Générale and UniCredit Bank AG (together with any further financial institution appointed as a 
dealer under the Dealer Agreement, the "Dealers"), the Notes may be sold by the Issuer to the Dealers, 
who shall act as principals in relation to such sales. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to issue 
Notes directly on its own behalf to subscribers who are not Dealers and which agree to be bound by the 
restrictions set out below. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in Tranches which 
are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers or such subscribers. 
 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement may be terminated in relation to all the Dealers or any of them by 
the Issuer or, in relation to itself and the Issuer only, by any Dealer, at any time on giving not less than ten 
business days' notice. 
 
United States of America 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 as amended (the 
"Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act or pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has represented and agreed 
that it has offered and sold the Notes of any Tranche, and will offer and sell the Notes of any Tranche (i) as 
part of their distribution at any time and (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of 
such tranche as determined, and such completion is notified to each relevant Dealer, by the Fiscal Agent or, 
in the case of a Syndicated Issue, the lead manager, only in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that neither it, its affiliates 
nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with 
respect to the Notes, and it and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions 
requirement of Regulation S. Each Dealer has agreed to notify the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of a 
Syndicated Issue, the lead manager when it has completed the distribution of its portion of the Notes of any 
Tranche so that the Fiscal Agent or, in the case of a Syndicated Issue, the lead manager may determine the 
completion of the distribution of all Notes of that Tranche and notify the other Relevant Dealers (if any) of 
the end of the restricted period. Each Dealer agrees that, at or prior to confirmation of sale of Notes, it will 
have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that 
purchases Notes from it during the restricted period a confirmation or notice to substantially the following 
effect: 
 
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the 
"Securities Act") and may not be offered and sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after 
completion of the distribution of this tranche of Securities as determined, and notified to [Relevant Dealer], 
by the [Fiscal Agent/Lead Manager], except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S." 
 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
 
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
 
The Issuer may agree with one or more Dealers for such Dealers to arrange for the sale of Notes under 
procedures and restrictions designed to allow such sales to be exempt from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
Japan 
 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including 
any corporation or entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly 
or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from 
the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
 
European Economic Area  
 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
"Prospectus Regulation"); and 
 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each a "Relevant State"), 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that 
Relevant State: 
 
(i) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a "Non-exempt 
Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been 
approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that 
any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such 
Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
 
(ii) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation;

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (ii) to (iv) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended.  
 
United Kingdom 
 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of 
English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended ("FSMA"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
English law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of English 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"); and 
 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to the United Kingdom, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may, 
make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
 
(i) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following the date of publication of a 
prospectus in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct 
Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in 
accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.)

--- Page 197 ---
197 
(EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed 
by final terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to 
its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
 
(ii) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (ii) to (iv) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a base prospectus pursuant to Article 85 of the FSMA or supplement a base prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in the United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of English law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
 
Other regulatory restrictions 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
 
(a)  (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and 
will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, where the issue of the Notes would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of Sec. 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
 
(b) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Sec. 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Sec. 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
 
(c) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time) (the "SFA") pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; (ii)

--- Page 198 ---
198 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or 
any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a)  a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
 
(b)  a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, securities or securities-based 
derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the 
beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six 
months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Securities pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
 
(1)  to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
 
(2)  where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
 
(3)  where the transfer is by operation of law;  
 
(4)  as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
 
(5) as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this document is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to 
purchase or invest in the Notes described herein. The Notes may not be publicly offered directly or 
indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") 
and will not be admitted to trading on any exchange or other trading venue in Switzerland. Neither this 
document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus as such 
term is understood pursuant to the FinSA and neither this document nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland. 
Canada 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 
73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 
Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must 
be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies 
for rescission or damages if this Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province 
or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
General 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and that neither the Issuer 
nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has 
represented that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or has assumed 
any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers, inter alia, 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the 
Final Terms issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Prospectus.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
 
In this section ("General Information on the Issuer and the Group") of the Prospectus, unless the context 
requires otherwise, "Issuer" and "OMV AG" refer to OMV Aktiengesellschaft, a company incorporated 
and operating under the laws of the Republic of Austria, and "Group" and "OMV" refer to OMV 
Aktiengesellschaft and its subsidiaries. Figures in the tables of this section labelled as "audited" are taken 
from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial years ended 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, except where stated otherwise. Figures not taken from those 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial years 2020 and 2019, are 
labeled as "unaudited". 
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT, CONTACT DETAILS 
The Issuer's legal name is OMV Aktiengesellschaft. It also uses the commercial name OMV. 
The Issuer was founded by merger of various companies by agreements dated 10 February 1956. On 3 July 
1956, the company name "Österreichische Mineralölverwaltung Aktiengesellschaft" was officially entered 
in the commercial register. In 1957, the natural gas stations Auersthal and Baumgarten and in 1960, the 
Schwechat refinery went into operation. From 1966 to 1975, OMV in particular focused on establishment 
of security of supply, including the first national gas supply contract with the former USSR in 1968 and the 
commencement of operations of the Trans-Austria Gas Pipeline in 1974. In 1985, the first international 
E&P production was commenced in Libya. In 1987, a first step was taken towards privatization, with a 
public offering of 15% of the share capital, followed by a further privatization of a 10% stake in 1989. In 
1994, IPIC (Abu Dhabi) acquired a 19.6% stake in OMV. In 1998, OMV acquired an initial 25% stake in 
Borealis, and in 2004 a 51% stake in the Romanian oil and gas group, Petrom. In 2003, CEGH was founded 
as a virtual gas exchange. In 2020, OMV acquired an additional 39% stake in Borealis, increasing its 
shareholding from 36% to 75% of the company's share capital. 
The Issuer is a joint stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) operating under the laws of the Republic of 
Austria for a period of unlimited duration, with its registered seat in Vienna, Austria. The Issuer is 
registered with the companies' register (Firmenbuch) at the Commercial Court of Vienna under the 
registration 
number 
FN 93363 z. 
The 
legal 
entity 
identifier 
(LEI) 
of 
the 
Issuer 
is 
549300V62YJ9HTLRI486. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, OMV AG's share capital totals EUR 327,272,727. The share capital is 
divided into 327,272,727 shares. 
The Issuer's principal place of business is at Trabrennstraße 6-8, 1020 Vienna, Austria and the telephone 
number of its registered office is +43 1 40440-0. 
The Issuer's corporate website is www.omv.com. The information displayed on the Issuer's corporate 
website does not form part of this Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus. 
OBJECTS OF THE ISSUER 
Pursuant to clause 2 of OMV's articles of association dated 29 September 2020 (the "Articles of 
Association") the objects of the Issuer are: 
i) 
the investment in other enterprises and corporations as well as the management and administration 
of such investments (holding company), including the acquisition and disposal of investments in 
Austria and abroad; 
ii) 
all activities, irrespective of their legal basis, in connection with prospecting for, extracting and 
processing in any production stage of hydrocarbons and other mineral resources; the production of 
fuel and other devices for vehicles, stationary power sources (engines) and heating systems; 
iii) 
the sale of and the trade with goods and products as well as substances of all kinds, in particular 
those mentioned under (ii), including their stocking (magazines) and storage for third persons; 
iv) 
services of all kinds including the operation of necessary plants and equipment. These services in 
particular include any consulting, planning and realisation services in all fields, in particular in the 
fields of industrial medicine, construction, drilling, wells, chemistry, electro technology, transport of

--- Page 201 ---
201 
goods and persons, catering, hotel industry and tourism, information technology, infrastructure, 
laboratories, mechanical engineering, insurance management, management consultancies, licensing 
of production processes, patents, industrial design and the like; 
v) 
hiring, letting (leasing) of labour force; 
vi) 
the business of insurance and reinsurance; 
vii) 
the construction and operation of all kinds of plants for power generation, regardless of the source of 
energy; 
viii) 
the construction and operation of network and line systems of all kinds, in particular of pipelines; 
ix) 
all activities relating to waste management; 
x) 
the construction and the operation of petrol and gas filling stations, car-wash installations, repair and 
retail outlets, garages, and all other activities in connection with the aforementioned. 
According to the Articles of Association, the Issuer is entitled to conduct any business and adopt any 
measures which are deemed to be necessary to or useful for achieving its corporate objectives, in particular 
to conduct any activities which are similar or related to the Issuer's corporate objectives. The Issuer is in 
particular entitled to buy and sell and rent and lease real estate property, whether as lessee/tenant or as 
lessor/landlord. The Issuer may establish branches in Austria and abroad. 
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA OF OMV  
The following information and data have been extracted from, and are only a summary of, (i) the audited 
consolidated financial statements of OMV AG as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 
(including the comparative amounts for the financial year ended 31 December 2019), (ii) the audited 
consolidated financial statements of OMV AG as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 
and (iii) the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements as of and for the six months 
ended 30 June 2021 of OMV AG. The audited consolidated financial statements of OMV AG as of and for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2020 and the audited consolidated financial statements of OMV AG 
as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 have been prepared in compliance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) as adopted by the EU. The audited consolidated 
financial statements of OMV AG as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 have 
been audited by Ernst & Young Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft m.b.H., certified public auditors and 
members of the Austrian Chamber of Tax Advisers and Chartered Accountants (Kammer der Steuerberater 
und Wirtschaftsprüfer), authorised by law from the Ministry of Economics and Labour of the Republic of 
Austria. The unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements as of and for the six months 
ended 30 June 2021 have been prepared in accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Statements and have 
not been audited. 
The audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 
and 2019, together with the respective auditor's report of Ernst & Young Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
m.b.H. thereon, and such unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements as of and for the 
six months ended 30 June2021 are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. The financial information 
presented below should be read in conjunction with those documents incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus. 
 
As of  
31 December 
 
As of 
30 June 
 
2020 
2019 
 
2021 
 
(in EUR million) 
audited 
 
(in EUR million) 
unaudited 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Non-current assets…………………………………... 
35,695 
28,950 
 
35,821 
Current assets………………………………………... 
12,112 
11,248 
 
18,997 
Assets held for sale………………………………….. 
1,464 
177 
 
1,812 
Equity and liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Total Equity/Equity…………………………………. 
19,899 
16,863 
 
20,951 
Non-current liabilities……………………………….. 
18,020 
13,961 
 
18,561

--- Page 202 ---
202 
Current liabilities……………………………………. 
10,616 
9,395 
 
16,258 
Liabilities associated with assets held for sale……… 
736 
156 
 
859 
Total assets/equity and liabilities ................................
49,271 
40,375 
 
56,629 
 
 
Financial year ended 
31 December 
Six months ended 
30 June  
2020 
2019 
2021 
 
(in EUR million) 
audited 
(in EUR million) 
unaudited 
Operating Result…………………………. 
1,050 
3,582 
2,396 
 
 
As of 
31 December  
As of 
30 June  
 
2020 
2019 
2021 
 
in EUR million 
audited 
in EUR million 
unaudited 
Net debt including leases (non-current 
plus current bonds, other interest-bearing 
debts and lease liabilities as well as 
liabilities on finance leases less cash and 
cash equivalents, each including the 
corresponding assets held for sale as well 
as liabilities associated with assets held for 
sale)…………………………………...….. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9,347 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4,686 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
8,339 
  
 
Financial year ended  
31 December 
Six months ended 
30 June 
 
2020 
2019 
2021 
 
(in EUR million) 
audited 
(in EUR million) 
unaudited 
Cash flows from operating activities…….. 
3,137 
4,056 
2,626 
Cash flows from financing activities…….. 
2,808 
(484) 
(1,593) 
Cash flow from investing activities……… 
(5,948) 
(4,638) 
(763) 
 
 
 
(Sources: Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (including the 
comparative amounts as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019), Issuer's unaudited condensed consolidated interim  
financial statements as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2021)

--- Page 203 ---
203 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE  
The Issuer has two major shareholders (see "Major Shareholders"). Further, the Issuer and its subsidiaries 
form the Group. The following diagram shows, in simplified form, several of the main participations of the 
Issuer as of the date of this Prospectus:  
 
 
 
 
 
 (1) 
This simplified chart does not provide detailed information on the way participations are held; in certain subsidiaries at a lower 
level, OMV Aktiengesellschaft also directly holds certain stakes. 
(2) 
"Selected participations" includes directly and indirectly held participations of OMV Aktiengesellschaft and is simplified. The 
chart does not provide detailed information on the way participations are held. As of the date of this Prospectus, OMV no 
longer holds a participation in GAS CONNECT AUSTRIA GmbH. The purchase of OMV's 51% stake in GCA by VERBUND 
AG was closed on 31 May 2021. 
(3) 
"Selected joint ventures" includes directly and indirectly held joint venture shares of OMV Aktiengesellschaft and is simplified. 
 
(Sources: OMV Annual Report 2020, internal data) 
 
In addition to wholly owned subsidiaries (including inter alia OMV Exploration & Production GmbH, 
OMV Downstream GmbH, OMV Gas Logistics Holding GmbH and OMV Gas Marketing & Trading 
GmbH, as of the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer directly or indirectly owns interests of 75% in Borealis, 
a provider of innovative solutions in the fields of polyolefin, base chemicals and fertilizers and of 51.01% 
in the Romanian oil and gas company OMV PETROM SA ("Petrom"). In relation to Borealis, on 12 
March 2020 OMV had published that OMV and Mubadala Investment Company have signed an agreement 
for the acquisition of an additional 39% share in Borealis by OMV, increasing OMV's shareholding in 
Borealis from 36% to 75%. The closing of the transaction occurred on 29 October 2020. The transaction is 
 
OMV Aktiengesellschaft(1) 
OMV 
Exploration & 
Production 
GmbH  
(100.00%) 
OMV  
Downstream 
GmbH 
(100.00%) 
OMV  
Gas Logistics 
Holding GmbH 
(100.00%) 
OMV 
Petrom SA 
(51.01%) 
OMV 
Oil 
Production 
GmbH  
(100.00%) 
Selected participations(2) 
Selected joint ventures(3) 
SapuraOMV 
Upstream Sdn. 
Bhd. 
(50.00%) 
Abu Dhabi 
Polymers 
Company Ltd 
(Borouge)  
(40.00%) 
Bayport 
Polymers LLC  
(50.00%) 
Borealis AG 
(75.00%) 
OMV 
New Zealand 
Limited 
(100.00%) 
OMV 
(NORGE) AS 
(100.00%) 
 
OMV 
Deutschland 
GmbH 
(100.00%) 
 
OMV Gas 
Marketing & 
Trading 
GmbH  
(100.00%) 
Borealis 
Polimers OY 
(100.00%) 
 
Borealis AB 
(100.00%) 
Borealis 
Kallo NV 
 (100.00%)

--- Page 204 ---
204 
OMV's largest transaction in terms of transaction volume to date and increases OMV's chemicals business 
and extends its value chain into polymers, aiming at an improvement of the natural hedge against 
cyclicality and operational integration. In addition, Borealis' competence in waste management and 
recycling is a support for OMV's strategy to becoming a leader in circular economy by OMV's 
management. Borealis has two major joint ventures: Borouge (United Arab Emirates/Singapore) 
("Borouge"), a provider of innovative, value creating plastics solutions, is a joint venture between the Abu 
Dhabi National Oil Company (ADNOC) and Borealis, and Bayport Polymers LLC ("Baystar"), a joint 
venture between Total Petrochemicals & Refining USA, Inc. (50%) and Borealis (50%, held via Novealis 
Holdings LLC) combining Total’s expertise in operating major industrial platforms with the Borealis 
proprietary Borstar technology to deliver a broad range of products to help meet the growing global 
demand for plastic products. 
In relation to its prior stake held in GCA, on 12 March 2020, OMV and VERBUND AG announced to open 
negotiations on an exclusive basis for the possible sale or purchase of OMV's 51% stake in GCA. The 
purchase of OMV's 51% stake in GCA by VERBUND AG was closed on 31 May 2021. The purchase price 
agreed for the 51% OMV stake in GCA amounts to EUR 271 million, less dividend payouts for the 
financial year 2020 totaling around EUR 33 million. In addition, VERBUND AG assumed the outstanding 
liabilities of Gas Connect Austria GmbH to OMV of around EUR 212 million. Under the conditions of the 
purchase agreement, VERBUND AG paid approximately EUR 451 million to OMV. OMV has settled a 
cash-pool liability to a subsidiary of GCA of around EUR 7 million. The sale is part of OMV's strategy of 
exiting the regulated gas transport business and engaging in proactive portfolio management. At the same 
time, OMV remains active in the gas trading and gas storage business.  
In addition, OMV holds a 40.00% interest in the Turkish gas wholesaler Enerco Enerji Sanayi Ve Ticaret 
A.S. and a 55.60% stake in Erdöl-Lagergesellschaft m.b.H, which is holding the major part of the 
emergency stock of crude and petroleum products in Austria. Further, significant participations of OMV 
include an at-equity participation in OJSC Severneftegazprom, under which OMV is entitled to 24.99% of 
the economic interest of the Yuzhno Russkoye field, and a 50% shareholding in SapuraOMV Upstream 
Sdn. Bhd. Also, OMV holds a 15% share in ADNOC Refining, which operates the Ruwais refinery in the 
United Arab Emirates, among other assets, and in the trading joint venture AGT, as well as a 10% stake in 
Pearl Petroleum Company Limited (operating in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq). 
 
SEGMENTATION 
Segmentation up to and including the financial year 2020 
Up to and including the financial year ended 31 December 2020, OMV comprised the following segments:  
 
Upstream. In the Upstream Business Segment, OMV focused on the exploration, development, 
and production of crude oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas in its five core regions (i) Central 
and Eastern Europe, (ii) Russia, (iii) the North Sea, (iv) Middle East and Africa, and (v) Asia-
Pacific. At the end of 2020, OMV had proven reserves (1P) of 1.34 bn boe and proven and 
probable reserves (2P) of 2.37 bn boe. The Reserve Replacement Rate ("RRR") was 102% in 
2020. Daily production was 463 kboe/d in 2020 (2019: 487 kboe/d), which equals a total 
production of 169 mn boe. While gas accounted for 62% of total production, oil amounted to 38%. 
 
 
Downstream. In the Downstream Business Segment, the former businesses of (i) Downstream Gas 
and (ii) Downstream Oil were combined in 2020. Also the business of Borealis was attributed to 
the Downstream segment. 
 
Downstream operates three refineries in Europe: Schwechat (Austria) and Burghausen (Germany), 
both of which feature integrated petrochemical production, and the Petrobrazi refinery (Romania), 
which mainly processes Romanian crude oil. In addition, OMV holds a 15% share in ADNOC 
Refining, which operates the Ruwais refinery in the United Arab Emirates, among other assets. 
The total refined product sales were 17.81 mn t (excluding OMV's share in the ADNOC Refining 
total refined product sales) in the financial year 2020 (financial year 2019: 20.94 mn t). The retail 
network consists of around 2,100 filling stations in ten countries with a strong multi-brand market 
portfolio. On 12 March 2020, OMV announced that it has started the sales process for the potential 
divestment of its premium filling station business in Germany, which includes a network of 285 
filling stations in southern Germany with focus on Bavaria and Baden-Württemberg operated by

--- Page 205 ---
205 
OMV's subsidiary OMV Deutschland GmbH. On 14 December 2020, OMV and EG Group 
reached an agreement for the acquisition of such filling stations by EG Group. The transaction is 
subject to required regulatory approvals and closing is expected in 2021. Further, on 4 February 
2021, OMV announced its intention to sell its business in Slovenia, including around 120 filling 
stations. On 8 June 2021, OMV published that OMV and MOL Group reached an agreement for 
MOL Group to acquire OMV Slovenia, encompassing 120 filling stations as well as OMV's 
wholesale business in Slovenia. The transaction is subject to required regulatory approvals and 
closing is expected in 2022.  
 
On 29 October 2020, OMV completed the acquisition of an additional 39% interest in Borealis 
from Mubadala, and now holds a majority stake of 75% (after 36% before closing of the 
acquisition). Borealis is one of the world’s leading providers of advanced and circular polyolefin 
solutions and a European market leader in base chemicals, fertilizers and the mechanical recycling 
of plastics. On February 4, 2021, OMV announced its intention to sell the nitrogen business unit 
including fertilizer, technical nitrogen and melamine products. 
 
In the gas business, the natural gas sales volume was 164.0 TWh in 2020 (2019: 136.7 TWh). As 
of 31 December 2020, OMV owned gas storage facilities with a capacity of 30 TWh and a 51% 
share in GCA, operating a 900 km natural gas pipeline network. On 12 March 2020, OMV and 
VERBUND AG announced to open negotiations for the sale of OMV's 51% stake in GCA; the 
purchase of OMV's 51% stake in GCA by VERBUND AG was closed on 31 May 2021. CEGH, in 
which OMV holds a 65% stake, is a well-established gas-trading platform. The node in 
Baumgarten (Austria) is Central Europe’s largest entry and distribution point for Russian gas. 
OMV operates a gas-fired power plant in Romania. 
 
 
Corporate & Other. The Corporate & Other (Co&O) segment comprises group management, 
financing activities and certain service functions. 
New reporting segmentation since 2021 
In April 2021, in order to comply with the provisions of the international reporting standard that regulates 
segment reporting (IFRS 8) and in the course of the publication of the unaudited financial information for 
the first three months of 2021, OMV reorganized its reporting segments as follows: 
 
Exploration & Production. The segment Exploration & Production (formerly Upstream) engages 
in the businesses of oil and gas exploration, development, and production. The produced oil and 
gas are primarily sold within the Group. 
 
 
Refining & Marketing. Refining & Marketing (formerly the fuels and gas part of Downstream) 
combines the Refining division and the Marketing & Trading division. The Refining division is 
accountable for all activities in refining operations, supply of product, bio and intermediate 
feedstock, as well as gas logistics of the Group. The Marketing division consists of natural gas 
supply & marketing, retail mobility & convenience, fuel sales and marketing, as well as crude 
supply & trading and commercial excellence. 
 
 
Chemicals & Materials. The segment Chemicals & Materials (formerly the petrochemicals part of 
Downstream including Borealis) combines all existing chemicals and circular economy activities 
in the Group. 
 
 
Corporate & Other. The Corporate & Other (Co&O) segment continues to comprise group 
management, financing activities and certain service functions.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
BUSINESS STRATEGY 
Overview and value chain 
OMV produces and markets oil and gas, as well as chemical products and solutions in a responsible way 
and develops innovative solutions for a circular economy. The value chain of OMV's business segments – 
according to the new segmentation implemented in 2021, can be illustrated as follows: 
 
 
(Sources: OMV Annual Report 2020, internal data) 
Group Strategy 
Strategic cornerstones – Strategy 2025 
The OMV Strategy 2025 builds on the proven concept of integration, which ensures strong cash flows and 
resilience. When the strategy was announced in March 2018, the Group aimed at growing both the 
Upstream and the Downstream businesses. Since the strategy was introduced, OMV has transformed its 
portfolio as it achieved significant milestones. OMV considers Upstream having a high-quality asset base 
with expanded production and reserves, low production costs, and a portfolio shifted to gas. The 
Downstream business saw most notable transformations and step changes. In 2019, the Downstream 
business increased its international footprint by acquiring a 15% interest in ADNOC Refining and AGT.  
In 2020, OMV commenced a transformation by acquiring an additional 39% stake in Borealis, a leading 
provider of polyolefins, base chemicals, and fertilizers, and increased its share to 75% and a controlling 
interest in Borealis. With this acquisition, OMV further extended its value chain into high-value chemicals 
and gained access to – what it considers as – attractive growth markets. By means of this acquisition, OMV 
also took a step toward positioning OMV for a low-carbon future, as OMV's portfolio shifts towards non-
energy, low-carbon emissions products, as well as an emphasis on plastics recycling and circular economy. 
OMV's cash out for the acquisition of the 39% stake in Borealis, totaling EUR 3.9 billion, was supported by 
solid cash generation, strict cost and capital discipline, and a newly announced divestment program 
amounting to EUR 2 billion by end of 2021. As part of the divestment program, OMV completed the 
divestment of its 51% stake in GCA in order to exit its regulated gas transportation business completely, 
signed the divestment of the retail network in Germany, given its limited integration with the Burghausen 
Refining & 
Marketing 
Exploration & 
Production 
Chemicals & 
Materials 
Industries 
Gas 
Oil & Gas production 
Refining 
Monomers 
Base Chemicals
Polymers 
Fertilizers 
Mobility 
Consumer 
Products 
Energy 
HelathCare 
 
Infrastructure 
Fuels 
Chemical Recycling 
Mechanical Recycling 
Our value chain

--- Page 207 ---
207 
refinery, and closed the divestiture of the Upstream assets in Kazakhstan, allowing Petrom to focus on the 
Black Sea region. OMV will continue to implement this program, thus pursuing the divestments of the 
nitrogen business in Borealis and the retail and commercial operations in Slovenia. In respect of Slovenia, 
on 8 June 2021, OMV announced that OMV and MOL Group reached an agreement for MOL Group to 
acquire OMV Slovenia. The agreement encompasses 120 filling stations as well as OMV's wholesale 
business in Slovenia. The transaction is subject to required regulatory approvals and closing is expected in 
2022.  
Strategic achievements in 2020/2021 and outlook 
In 2020, OMV commenced a transformation of its business by increasing the share in Borealis to 75%. 
OMV adhered to its dividend policy and distributed dividends, equal to the prior-year's level of EUR 1.75 
per share. As a reaction to the COVID-19, OMV immediately reduced its spending and signed divestments 
with a net debt effect of more than EUR 1 billion, in line with its EUR 2 billion disposal target by the end 
of 2021. In addition, OMV achieved its carbon footprint reduction target ahead of time in 2020. 
In a continuously changing world, the Group's strategy focuses on chemicals growth, maximizing value 
through its existing portfolio and increasing the share of low- and zero-carbon products in the portfolio. In 
Upstream, the current organic projects pipeline is intended to be executed. The strategy for the business 
foresees generating value and optimizing the cash flow to enable transformation at Group level. In its 
transition towards a low-carbon portfolio, Upstream production is intended to be maintained in a corridor of 
approximately 450-500 kboe/d, with overweight on gas (around 60%). In the Group's existing refining 
operations, the output mix is intended to be increasingly shifted towards higher-value petrochemicals as 
part of the shift towards non-energy products. In its chemicals business, OMV aims at leveraging Borealis 
as a platform for intended growth, focusing on delivering organic growth projects as well as building a 
sustainable chemicals portfolio by becoming a leading player in the circular economy. To further 
underscore its commitment to reducing the carbon footprint, OMV foresees investing in developing 
alternative sustainable feedstocks and biofuels. This portfolio is intended to enable OMV to support OMV's 
clean CCS Operating Result and operating cash flow.  
In 2021, OMV changed its corporate structure by splitting and expanding the current area of Downstream 
fuels and chemical operations in two areas: Refining and Chemicals & Materials. In addition, the Upstream 
business segment was renamed to Exploration & Production. 
Strategic priorities until 2025 
OMV aims to adhere to the following strategic priorities until 2025: 
 
Transition to become an integrated chemical company, 
 
continuation of leveraging the concept of integration along the value chain, 
 
maximizing value of the Group's existing traditional oil and gas portfolio, 
 
expanding the portfolio of low- and zero-carbon products, 
 
focusing on gaining a leading position in plastics recycling and circular economy, and 
 
strengthening OMV's balance sheet and delivering shareholder returns. 
Upstream strategy 
Overview of OMV's Upstream strategy 
OMV's Upstream business has been significantly transformed since the introduction of OMV's strategy in 
2018. The business aimed at building a portfolio of higher quality that generates more cash, on the base of a 
renewed and improved asset base, with double reserves and increased production, as well as through 
extending its track record of operational excellence. 
As part of the execution of the strategy, the portfolio was amended, as OMV expanded production to the 
United Arab Emirates and the Asia-Pacific region. OMV also divested its operations in Pakistan and 
marginal fields in Romania, signed the divestment of the Kazakhstan upstream assets, and oil fields in New 
Zealand and is advancing the divestment of oil assets in Malaysia. The portfolio shift focused on four core 
regions with the aim to create five core regions. The fifth core region was established by an increased

--- Page 208 ---
208 
footprint in Asia-Pacific, through the SapuraOMV joint venture partnership in Malaysia and the acquisition 
of Shell’s upstream business in New Zealand. 
Key portfolio development projects included Malaysia (Gorek, Larak and Bakong offshore gas fields) and 
Abu Dhabi, where Umm Lulu Super Complex operates in full field mode since April 2020. Upstream 
targeted to ensure sustainable reserve replacement with low-cost barrels in order to improve OMV's overall 
resilience. By the end of 2020, OMV had achieved a three-year reserve replacement rate (RRR) of 138% 
and low-cost production of USD 6.6/boe below the initial target of USD 8/boe. In 2020, Upstream reached 
a production volume of 463 kboe/d. The 2020 target of 500 kboe/d was not reached due to negative 
external factors such as the security situation in Libya and COVID-19-related production cuts imposed by 
governments. Moreover, the portfolio was shifted toward gas as the bridge fuel for the transition to a low-
carbon future. In 2020, 62% of hydrocarbon production was gas (initial Group target: 50%). In addition, 
digital transformation is also part of the Upstream strategy. 
Strategic Upstream achievements in 2020/2021 and outlook 
In the financial year 2020, OMV reduced production costs to USD 6.6/boe, while production reached 463 
kboe/d, with an overweight on gas (62%). The three-year average reserve replacement rate was at 138% in 
2020. Key development projects were performed in Malaysia and Abu Dhabi, while OMV made progress in 
non-core assets divestments such as Kazakhstan and marginal fields in Romania. OMV established its 
Upstream organization transformation initiative "Upfront" in order to focus on complementing the 
digitalization strategy and further improving and ensuring OMV Upstream’s competitive position. 
OMV revised its volume targets for 2025. The initial goal of reaching a production volume of 600 kboe/d 
and 1P reserves of 2 billion boe by 2025 is no longer pursued by OMV. OMV intends to focus in its 
Upstream portfolio on generating value, optimizing the cash flow, with a strong emphasis on gas. A 
substantial increase of free cash flow into and beyond 2025 is a target of OMV. With its current portfolio, 
OMV aims to maintain a relatively stable production corridor of around 450 to 500 kboe/d, with around 
60% gas by 2025. The exact level of production and reserves will depend on the cash generation capacity 
of the portfolio. Portfolio developments are intended to be pursued with a view as to value delivery and 
cash generation. OMV intends to focus on its existing five regions (i) Central and Eastern Europe, (ii) 
Russia, (iii) the North Sea, (iv) Middle East and Africa, and (v) Asia-Pacific. The acquisition of Achimov 
4A/5A will only be held as an option and will only be realized if its value will be attractive from OMV's 
point of view and to the extent OMV's financial framework will allow it. OMV's exploration and appraisal 
activities will focus on gas and low-cost opportunities with a total budget of around EUR 230 million per 
year. 
Upstream will focus on reducing the carbon intensity of its operations and aims to lower carbon intensity 
by more than 60% by 2025, compared to 2010. This effort will include portfolio changes, a phase out of 
routine gas flaring and venting, a reduction of fugitive methane emissions and completion of projects like 
the photovoltaic plant developed with VERBUND in Schönkirchen, Austria, for the purpose of powering 
OMV's own operations; upon its completion, the photovoltaic plant in Schönkirchen is intended to generate 
around 14.25 GWh in Austria and will save a total of 10,000 t of CO2 per year. 
Upstream targets to reinforce its portfolio competitiveness and resilience against market volatility and the 
rapidly changing demands of the oil and gas industry. OMV intends to put a strong focus on operational 
excellence and digitalization, in addition to portfolio optimization. Unit production cost are intended to 
remain below USD 7/boe beyond 2025. In Upstream, OMV's ambition is to further establish itself as a 
market-leading digital player in the industry. The implementation of the envisaged digital transformation 
strategy is intended to include digital technologies like real-time data and analytics as well as agile ways of 
working to improve efficiency, reliability, and safety and enhance decision-making. Upstream is also 
implementing a new organizational structure as a result of the so-called UPfront initiative, including fully 
integrated, remote, digitally collaborative, multi-disciplinary teams underpinning accelerated delivery and a 
value-oriented organization. 
Strategic priorities until 2025 
The strategic priorities until 2025, which have been set by OMV for Upstream, can be summarized as 
follows: 
 
Running the Upstream portfolio for generating value and optimizing the cash flow,

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
maintaining production corridor of approximately 450–500 kboe/d, with an overweight on gas, 
 
managing production cost below USD 7/boe, 
 
implementing a digital transformation and an agile organizational structure to reinforce resilient 
competitiveness, and 
 
aiming to lower carbon intensity by more than 60% by 2025, compared to 2010. 
Downstream fuels and chemicals strategy 
Overview of OMV's Downstream strategy for fuels and chemicals 
The Downstream fuels and chemicals portfolio has undergone a major transformation since the OMV 
strategy was introduced in 2018. OMV aimed to strengthen its competitive position in Europe, while 
exporting its business model to international growth markets by nearly doubling its refining capacity and 
expanding its chemicals position. In this respect, OMV established its Downstream presence outside 
Europe by becoming a partner in ADNOC Refining and AGT and holding a 15% stake in the fourth-largest 
refinery complex in the world, located closely to the markets in the Asia-Pacific and the Middle East 
regions. In 2020, OMV increased its share in Borealis from 36% to 75%. With full control of Borealis, 
Downstream increases its base chemicals production and extends its value chain to polyolefins and 
fertilizers. The geographical outreach of the OMV chemicals business expanded considerably: Borealis has 
a strong European presence and is active in the Middle East, Asia-Pacific as well as in North and South 
Americas. As a result of the Borealis acquisition, the OMV Group aims to realize substantial synergies 
totaling more than EUR 800 million by 2025. Integration benefits are intended to follow from operational 
cost savings, combined purchasing, debottlenecking, increased capital efficiency, and tax benefits. In its 
European operations, pursued its target to shift to higher-value products. OMV completed the construction 
of a new isobutene extraction plant at the Burghausen refinery in Germany in October 2020. OMV plans to 
expand the naphtha cracker at the Burghausen refinery by around 50,000 t by 2022. Additionally, OMV 
decided to invest EUR 200 million in the co-processing of 160,000 t of biofuels at the Schwechat refinery, 
with a production start planned for 2023. In 2020, despite the COVID-19 pandemic, OMV was able to 
improve the profitability per filling station to approx. EUR 230,000 and, accordingly, above the previously 
set target of EUR 180,000 per filling station. 
Strategic Downstream fuels and chemicals achievements in 2020/2021 and outlook 
In 2020, OMV closed its transformative transaction towards chemicals by increasing its share in Borealis to 
75%, completed the new isobutene extraction plant at the Burghausen refinery in Germany, achieved a 
refinery utilization rate of 86% despite the COVID-19 pandemic and signed the divestment of the German 
manned retail network. Further, the AGT organization went live in 2020. 
With its significantly transformed portfolio, OMV's new key business is chemicals. OMV's strategy in the 
chemicals segment foresees becoming the largest producer of olefins in Europe and one of the largest 
polyolefin producers worldwide, ranking second in Europe and eighth globally. OMV will focus on its 
current organic growth projects. In Kallo, Belgium, the new propane dehydrogenation plant is anticipated 
to be in operation in 2023. Through the Baystar joint venture (Borealis 50%, Total 50%), the new ethane 
steam cracker unit in Bayport, Texas/United States, is expected to start operations still in 2021. The 
corresponding Borstar polyethylene unit is foreseen to start production in 2022. In the United Arab 
Emirates, Borouge is currently building a fifth polypropylene unit to start up in 2021. Additional organic 
opportunities include Borouge 4, which is currently in the FEED phase.  
OMV positions itself through the strategic extension of its value chain into high-value chemicals and 
plastics recycling for a low-carbon future. OMV together with Borealis aims to be a leader in the plastics 
recycling and circular economy. More products are intended to be designed for recyclability. By 2025, the 
Group plans to invest up to EUR 1 billion in the chemical and mechanical recycling of post-consumer 
plastic waste and sustainable fuels. In the European refining business, OMV will focus on cost and 
operational efficiency. The three refining sites in Schwechat, Burghausen, and Petrobrazi are planned to be 
still operated as one integrated refinery system and allowing for an exchange of intermediate products. 
OMV plans to modify its European refining assets to reflect expected demand changes and to shift to 
higher-value products. OMV also envisages energy transition projects in the areas of conventional and 
advanced biofuels, synthetic fuels, hydrogen and energy efficiency. The Downstream oil business shall be

--- Page 210 ---
210 
transformed in the face of a low-carbon future, focusing on chemicals, alternative feedstocks, technologies, 
and fuels. Consequently, OMV's strategy no longer foresees as further increase of its refining capacity. 
Strategic priorities until 2025 
The strategic cornerstones of the Downstream fuels and chemicals divisions until 2025, which have been 
set by OMV, can be summarized as follows: 
 
Leveraging Borealis as platform for growth and deliver organic growth portfolio, 
 
realizing integration synergies with Borealis in the amount of more than EUR 800 million until 
2025, 
 
plan to establish a leading position in plastics recycling and circular economy, 
 
optimizing asset utilization and maximizing margin generation across the integrated value chain, 
 
reducing operational carbon footprint, and 
 
shaping the portfolio to focus on low- and zero-carbon products. 
Downstream gas strategy 
Overview of OMV's Downstream gas strategy  
Since March 2018, the Downstream gas business pursued the implementation of its growth strategy to build 
a strong market presence from Northwest to Southeast Europe. Reliable equity gas production, sustainable 
supply partnerships and a structured and customer-centric market approach are seen s as main contributions 
by OMV to a competitive advantage assumed by OMV. The Group's natural gas sales in 2020 are intended 
to be increased until 2025 and beyond. OMV aims at reaching its target to grow the sales portfolio to more 
than 250 TWh per year by 2025 and to achieve a 10% market share in Germany. Germany is one of the 
largest European markets. OMV further aims to secure its market leadership in Austria and Romania as 
well as to expand the market position in the Netherlands and Belgium.  
Strategic Downstream gas achievements in 2020/2021 and outlook 
In 2020, CEGH in Austria reached the highest nominated gas volume of more than 800 TWh. OMV's gas 
storage business again benefited in 2020 from high customer demand and a favorable market price 
development. The utilization of the Gate LNG regasification terminal also improved in 2020. Downstream 
gas delivered its first cargo of LNG to China. In September 2020, OMV signed an agreement to divest its 
entire 51% stake in GCA to VERBUND AG in order to exit the regulated gas transportation business in 
line with its strategy. This transaction was closed end of May 2021. 
Further, OMV increased natural gas sales by 20% in a year-on-year comparison with 2019 to 164 TWh and 
reached a 7% market share in Germany at the end of 2020, an increased market share in the Netherlands to 
more than 4% and a market share in Belgium of almost 2%. A record volume of more than 800 TWh was 
traded at the CEGH.  
In the longer term, European natural gas demand is expected to remain resilient while indigenous natural 
gas production in Europe will decline significantly. Larger volumes of natural gas will have to be imported 
into Europe. Therefore, OMV will continue its ambitions to strengthen its equity gas volumes from Austria, 
Norway, and Romania as well as long-term supply contracts from Russia in the portfolio. The contracts 
with Gazprom at the Western European delivery points are further complemented by LNG agreements. 
Strategic priorities until 2025 
The strategic cornerstones set by OMV for Downstream gas until 2025 can be summarized as follows: 
 
Becoming a leading integrated supplier with strong market presence from Northwest to Southeast 
Europe, 
 
growing the value of gas in OMV's portfolio and achieving sales levels of at least 250 TWh per 
year, 
 
achieving a 10% market share in Germany, and

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
solidifying the market leadership in Austria and Romania. 
Market developments and outlook 
OMV expects the global energy demand to continue to grow and to be met predominantly through 
traditional energy sources. 
The COVID-19 pandemic had a significant impact on energy markets worldwide in 2020, disrupting supply 
and demand dynamics. Global oil demand declined by 8.8 mn bbl/d in 2020 after a new record high level of 
100.0 mn bbl/d in 2019. The spread of COVID-19 from Asia to Europe and the United States (and other 
continents) in the first and second quarter 2020 led to various global containment measures. As a result, 
nearly all major oil products were impacted negatively. Road transportation fuels, including gasoline and 
gasoil/diesel declined by around 5 mn bbl/d globally. However as soon as lockdown restrictions eased, 
consumption slowly returned to precrisis levels by the end of 2020. Jet fuel/kerosene witnessed an 
exceptional decline due to air travel and mobility restrictions, falling 3.2 mn bbl/d. 
Regionally, European oil product demand felt a greater impact in 2020 (minus 13%) than Asia (minus 5%), 
where lockdown measures were eased in the second half of 2020 and economic growth recovered. Global 
oil demand disruptions led to sudden significant disparities in global oil production – especially in the 
second quarter 2020. 
OMV assumes that the global economy is bracing for a multi-year recovery with a strongly divergent pace 
among different regions. In the short to medium term, energy demand is expected to again grow but will be 
coupled with the possibility that some changes in consumer behavior may remain, especially in strongly 
affected sectors like tourism and aviation. OMV considers the ongoing global political discussion about 
climate change policy crucial for the impact and speed of energy transition, especially in the light of the 
European Green Deal, the growth of renewable energy, despite the COVID-19 caused crisis and the fact 
that many countries declared net zero carbon ambitions. This leaves a sustainable impact on the energy 
markets in the medium to long term. 
Global energy demand will continue to increase following the outlook in the IEA Stated Policies Scenario 
("STEPS"), which incorporates the impact of the existing policy framework and is expected to rise 9% by 
2030 (compared to 2019), on account of the gross domestic product ("GDP") and population growth. Oil 
and gas demand are expected to grow and to still account for about 55% of global energy demand by 2030. 
This expected growth trajectory might slow, however, if current emissions target announcements 
materialize and the energy transition results in declining fossil fuel demand. This expected trend is in 
accordance with the IEA Sustainable Development Scenario ("SDS") showing a potential trajectory 
towards fulfillment of the United Nations' climate goals factoring in high political ambitions.  
Despite strong growth in renewables, oil is expected to remain the main source of primary energy in the 
next decade, capturing a share of about 30% and exhibiting a compound annual growth rate of 0.5% by 
2030. The increase in oil consumption is expected to be the result of rising demand for petrochemical 
products as well as growing road and aviation transportation sectors in emerging markets. While oil product 
consumption is expected to decline in mature markets such as North America and Europe, global growth 
beyond 2030 is expected to come from Asia, the Middle East and Africa. Driven by the global climate 
protection ambitions, the refinery industry is putting significant effort into partially replacing conventional 
oil feedstocks with bio-based feedstocks or recycled plastic materials. New technologies for producing 
alternative fuels, initially by means of pyrolysis or gasification are gaining traction. This is expected to help 
producers contribute to global emissions reduction targets. Natural gas is expected to continue to be the 
fastest growing major energy source among fossil fuels, supported by strong global decarbonization 
policies and more stringent emissions standards. Gas demand is projected to grow at an annual rate of 1.2% 
by 2030, mainy attributable to the ability of natural gas to displace coal in the power generation sector. It 
also provides a reliable fuel source for the energy transition, serving as backup for the increasing share of 
renewables in the power generation mix. 
The growth in global demand for petrochemical products is closely linked to economic development as 
well as increasing prosperity and living standards in developing economies. Therefore, the growing 
petrochemicals market will continue to be an important consumer of oil and gas and a driver of global oil 
demand. Demand for olefins such as ethylene, propylene, butadiene, and benzene is expected to increase by 
37% by 2030, mainly due to demand growth in Asia. These petrochemicals are considered to be the major 
building blocks for the chemical industry. Their derivatives, such as polyolefins, offer unique properties

--- Page 212 ---
212 
and economic benefits such as low material costs, as well as easy and fast processing. Petrochemicals are 
increasingly being used as a substitute for other energy-intensive materials due to their advantageous 
characteristics. They remain essential for various industries such as packaging, construction, transportation, 
healthcare, pharmaceuticals, and electronics. These sectors underpin the robust overall rise in demand, 
which stems primarily from the Asia-Pacific region and is aligned with the economic development there. 
Demand in mature markets such as Europe, North America, and Japan is expected to remain generally 
healthy in the long term in line with economic development, but growth rates are expected to slow down. 
With over two thirds of the petrochemical volumes ending up in plastics, the increasing focus on the 
circular economy is expected to have some dampening effect on the demand growth. There will also be an 
increased supply of recycled plastics that will reduce the demand for fossil-based polymers, and its 
precursors. Nevertheless, these efforts will be outweighed by developing economies sharply increasing 
their shares of plastic consumption (as well as its disposal), therefore, the global growth rates of most 
petrochemical products will continue to show a solid growth. 
In regions with access to low-cost gas-based feedstock such as North America (shales gas), Middle East 
(associated gas from oil production) and Russia, capacity additions will continue to concentrate on ethane 
and LPG/NGL as feedstock. Since supply of gas-based feedstock available for petrochemical production is 
limited, naphtha will contribute the majority (~40%) of global petrochemical feedstock supply in 2030. 
Almost 50% of petrochemicals and plastics capacity additions will be concentrated in Northeast Asia 
(mainly China) – driven by the country’s effort to aim self-sufficiency and balance trade flows. 
Finance strategy 
OMV's value driven strategy aims to enable growth, drive performance, and reward shareholders. A set of 
strategic and financial criteria are taken into account when making an investment decision.  
In 2020, OMV increased its shareholding in Borealis to 75%. The cash out for the transaction amounted to 
EUR 3.9 billion. In an extremely challenging macroeconomic environment due to the COVID-19 
pandemic, OMV managed to access the financial markets and secure funding of in aggregate EUR 4.5 
billion in 2020, including by means of issuing senior and hybrid bonds. This, together with stringent cost 
and capital expenditure reduction, enabled the Group to pay the entire amount for the acquisition in full at 
closing. OMV closed the year 2020 with a gearing ratio, excluding leases, of 41%. OMV achieved a 
positive organic free cash flow after dividends of EUR 0.4 billion for 2020. OMV reacted to the 
macroeconomic environment and reduced spending in 2020, including reduced organic investments by 
around 30% (compared to 2019) to around EUR 1.7 billion (excluding Borealis) and cost cuts by more than 
EUR 300 million (including exploration expenditure reduction). Capital and cost discipline remain a 
priority for OMV. OMV plans for an organic capital expenditure between EUR 2.5 billion to EUR 3 billion 
per year, including Borealis. For 2021, OMV expects a total CAPEX of EUR 2.7 billion, which includes 
non-cash items, such as leases of around EUR 200 million. In the short term, OMV is focusing on 
deleveraging the balance sheet, to reach a gearing ratio, excluding leases, of around 30% or below, by the 
end of 2021. In this respect, OMV is aiming to execute a EUR 2 billion divestment program by the end of 
2021. In addition, OMV re-affirms its intention to maintain a progressive dividend policy, aiming to 
increase dividends every year, or to at least maintain dividends at the respective previous year’s level. 
Future financial growth is envisaged to be executed on a solid financial framework focused on returns and 
cash flow, with the following long-term targets being the foundation of OMV's finance strategy: 
 
Achieving a clean CCS (Current Costs of Supply) ROACE of at least 12% in the medium and long 
term,  
 
achieving a positive free cash flow after dividends, 
 
growing clean CCS net income attributable to stockholders,  
 
increasing the Clean Operating Result to at least EUR 5 billion by 2025, 
 
increasing the cash flow generation (operating cash flow excluding net working capital effects) to 
at least EUR 5 billion by 2025, 
 
achieving a long-term gearing ratio without leases of ≤ 30%, 
 
achieving a competitive shareholder return with progressive dividend policy, and

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
maintaining a strong investment-grade credit rating. 
Oil price, gas price and EUR/USD assumptions 
For the year 2021, OMV – as of the date of this Prospectus – expects the average Brent oil price to be in the 
range of USD 65/bbl to USD 70/bbl; this new assumption was published in the context of the results of the 
first six months of the financial year 2021. OMV's previously communicated assumptions foresaw a Brent 
oil price of USD 60/bbl for 2022 (2019: assumption of USD 70/bbl for 2022) and 2023 (2019: assumption 
of USD 75/bbl for 2023) and a Brent oil price of USD 65/bbl for 2024 (2019: assumption of USD 75/bbl 
for 2024) and 2025, all at an expected EUR-USD exchange rate of 1.15.  
As of the date of this Prospectus, OMV expects average realized gas prices to be higher than EUR 12/MWh 
for 2021, EUR 12/MWh for 2022, EUR 13/MWh for 2023, EUR 14/MWh for 2024 and EUR 13/MWh for 
2025. 
Sustainability strategy 
Sustainability is an integral part of OMV's corporate strategy. OMV is committed to building a sustainable 
world worth living in for everyone. OMV aims to provide a secure supply of affordable energy for the 
sustainable development of society and the economy while respecting the environment. 
OMV's approach to business stipulates the prevention and mitigation of sustainability risks associated with 
OMV's activities. OMV takes a sustainable approach to business. Growing demand for energy and 
accelerating climate change pose immense challenges for the energy sector. OMV recognizes that climate 
change is one of the most important global challenges today and, thus is transforming its business model 
step by step with the aim of reducing the carbon footprint of the Group. 
OMV's Sustainability Strategy 2025 constitutes an integral part of the Corporate Strategy 2025 of OMV 
and is the sustainable component of OMV's business ambitions. Sustainable business behavior is seen as 
crucial for OMV. The Sustainability Strategy’s targets relating to OMV's operations and products are 
aligned with the production, sales, and product portfolio plans set by the Corporate Strategy. In 2020, OMV 
updated its Sustainability Strategy to set new carbon targets, including an ambition to be carbon neutral in 
OMV operations by 2050. 
OMV's main sustainability targets and commitments can be summarized as follows:  
 
Health, safety, security and protection of the environment ("HSSE") have the highest priority in 
all activities. OMV's vision is to achieve in particular zero work-related fatalities, to stabilize the 
Lost-time Injury Rate ("LTIR") at below 0.30 (per one million working hours) and to keep a 
leading position for the process safety event (PSE) rate; 
 
carbon efficiency, in particular by focusing on improving the carbon efficiency of OMV's 
operations and products, acting on climate change mitigation and responsible resource 
management and aiming for net-zero operations by 2050 or sooner. A detailed description of 
OMV’s carbon efficiency targets can be found below; 
 
portfolio innovation, in particular by focusing on optimizing production, exploring high-end 
petrochemical solutions, developing innovative energy solutions, and embracing digital 
technologies; this, inter alia, includes developing ReOil® into commercially viable industrial-scale 
process, increasing the share of sustainable feedstock co-processed in the refineries and increasing 
the recovery factor in the CEE region in selected fields by 5–15 percentage points by 2025 through 
innovative Enhanced Oil Recovery (EOR) methods; 
 
employees, in particular by building and retaining a talented expert team for international and 
integrated growth (including increasing the share for woman at management level to 25% by 2025 
and keeping a share of executives with international experience at 75%), with a commitment to 
OMV's diversity strategy with a focus on gender equality and internationality; and 
 
business principles and social responsibility, in particular by upholding equally high ethical 
standards at all locations and, as a signatory to the United Nations (UN) Global Compact, being 
fully committed to the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and contributing to 
the United Nations' 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development; OMV targets promoting 
awareness of ethical values and principles by conducting in-person or online business ethics

--- Page 214 ---
214 
trainings for all employees, assessing community grievance mechanisms at all sites against the UN 
Effectiveness Criteria by 2025, conducting human rights training courses for all employees 
exposed to human rights risks by 2025 and increasing the number of supplier audits covering 
sustainability elements by over 20 per year by 2025. 
OMV recognizes climate change as one of the most important global challenges. Following OMV's report 
on the accomplishment of its 2025 carbon intensity targets by July 2021, OMV set new targets of net-zero 
emissions in its operations by 2050 or sooner. The net-zero operations are intended to be achieved through 
energy efficiency measures, new technologies such as carbon capture, carbon storage/utilization and 
hydrogen, as well as renewable electricity (like the photovoltaic plant in Austria) and portfolio optimization 
measures. OMV also set concrete intermediate goals. By 2025 a reduction of at least 60% for Upstream and 
at least 20% for Refining operations are set to be achieved, both compared to 2010. In the total product 
portfolio, a share of at least 60% of low/zero-carbon products (including gas) is envisaged by 2025. The 
new target is intended to result in a reduction in the carbon intensity of OMV's product portfolio by at least 
6% compared to 2010. Up to EUR 1 billion is intended to be invested by OMV and Borealis together in 
innovative energy and circular economy solutions such as ReOil® and Co-Processing by 2025. Further, 
OMV intends to report not only on its own position and action on climate change but also on the position of 
the industry associations of which OMV is a member.  
BUSINESS OF OMV 
General 
OMV is an international integrated oil, gas, and chemicals company.  
Segmentation used until and including the financial year 2020 
Based on the segmentation used until and including the financial year ended 31 December 2020, OMV is 
active in (i) the Upstream business segment, which includes exploration, development and production 
activities, and (ii) the Downstream business segment comprising the gas business, which includes the 
marketing of gas and power, and oil business covering the Group's refining and marketing as well as 
petrochemicals activities. In addition to the Upstream and Downstream segments (also shown in the 
following chart), OMV's management, financing activities and certain service functions are concentrated in 
the OMV Corporate and Other segment. 
Re-segmentation 2021 
Following the acquisition of an additional 39% stake in Borealis completed in October 2020, which 
increased OMV's share in Borealis to a controlling stake of 75%, and in order to comply with the 
provisions of the international reporting standard that regulates segment reporting (IFRS 8), OMV 
reorganized its reporting segments into (i) the segment Exploration & Production (formerly Upstream) 
engaging in the businesses of oil and gas exploration, development, and production, (ii) the segment 
Refining & Marketing (formerly the fuels and gas part of the Downstream Segment) combining the 
Refining division (accountable for all activities in refining operations, supply of product, bio and 
intermediate feedstock, as well as gas logistics of the Group) and the Marketing division (natural gas 
supply & marketing, retail mobility & convenience, fuel sales and marketing, as well as crude supply & 
trading and commercial excellence) and (iii) the segment Chemicals & Materials (formerly the 
petrochemicals part of Downstream including Borealis) combining all existing chemicals and circular 
economy activities in the Group. The Corporate & Other (Co&O) segment continues to comprise group 
management, financing activities and certain service functions. 
Business overview 
In the Upstream segment, OMV explores for and produces oil and gas in five core regions (i) Central and 
Eastern Europe (CEE), (ii) Middle East and Africa, (iii) the North Sea, (iv) Russia and (v) Asia-Pacific. As 
of 31 December 2020, the international portfolio consisted of (i) Austria, Romania and Kazakhstan in CEE 
(whereas, on 29 December 2020, Petrom signed the transaction for the sale of the entirety of its operations 
in Kazakhstan, the closing of which took place on 17 May 2021) as well as a holding of participations in 
exploration licenses in Bulgaria and offshore Georgia, (ii) Kurdistan region of Iraq, Libya, Tunisia, the 
United Arab Emirates, Yemen and a non-operative representation office in Iran in the Middle East and 
Africa region, (iii) Norway in the North Sea region, (iv) Russia being the only country in the core region,

--- Page 215 ---
215 
and (v) Asia-Pacific consisting of Malaysia and New Zealand as well as a holding of participations in 
exploration licenses in Australia and Mexico. 
As of 31 December 2020, OMV had proven oil and gas reserves (1P) of approximately 1.34 bn boe (as of 
31 December 2019: 1.33 bn boe), proven and probable reserves (2P) of 2.37 bn boe (as of 31 December 
2019: 2.38 bn boe) and a daily production of around 463 kboe/d in 2020 (2019: 487 kboe/d). More than 
61% of OMV's Upstream production in 2020 (same as in 2019) came from member states of the European 
Union ("EU") and of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ("OECD"). The oil 
and gas split in production in the Upstream segment was approx. 38 (oil)% to 62 (gas)% in 2020 (2019: 
approx. 43 (oil)% to 57 (gas)%). 
In Downstream, OMV operates three refineries in Europe: The Schwechat (Austria) and Burghausen 
(southern Germany) refineries, both of which feature integrated petrochemical production, and the 
Petrobrazi refinery (Romania), which mainly processes Romanian crude oil. In addition, OMV holds a 15% 
share in ADNOC Refining, which operates the Ruwais refinery in the United Arab Emirates, among other 
assets. Globally OMV's total processing capacity amounts to around 500 kbbl/d (including OMV's share in 
the ADNOC Refining capacity). The total refined product sales were 17.81 mn t (excluding OMV's share in 
the ADNOC Refining total refined product sales) in the financial year 2020 (2019: 20.94 mn t). The retail 
network consists of around 2,100 filling stations in ten countries with a strong multi-brand market portfolio. 
On 12 March 2020, OMV announced that it has started the sales process for the potential divestment of its 
premium filling station business in Germany, which includes a network of 285 filling stations in southern 
Germany with focus on Bavaria and Baden-Württemberg operated by OMV's subsidiary OMV Deutschland 
GmbH. On 14 December 2020, OMV and EG Group reached an agreement for the acquisition of such 
filling stations by EG Group. The transaction is subject to required regulatory approvals and closing is 
expected in 2021. OMV announced a second disposal package, including the divestment of OMV's 
business in Slovenia, where OMV operates 120 filling stations under the OMV, Eurotruck, Avanti and 
Diskont brands. On 8 June 2021, OMV and MOL Group announced an agreement to purchase the OMV 
Slovenia business. The transaction is subject to required regulatory approvals and closing is expected in 
2022.  
In the gas business OMV sold 164.01 terawatt hours ("TWh") of natural gas in the financial year 2020 
(2019: 136.7 TWh). In 2020, OMV still owned a 51% share in GCA, which operates a 900 km long gas 
pipeline network in Austria, the share in which was divested and sold to VERBUND AG on 31 May 2021. 
OMV also owns four own gas storage facilities in Austria and Germany with a storage capacity of 30 TWh. 
The CEGH, in which OMV holds a 65% stake, operated by Central European Gas Hub AG is established as 
a gas trading platform on the gas routes from East to West and also operates a gas exchange. The gas 
distribution node in Baumgarten is Central Europe's largest entry and distribution point for gas from Russia. 
OMV also operates a gas-fired power plant in Romania. 
OMV holds a 75% interest in Borealis, one of the world’s leading providers of advanced and circular 
polyolefin solutions and a European market leader in base chemicals, fertilizers and mechanical plastics 
recycling. On 29 October 2020, OMV completed the acquisition of an additional 39% share in Borealis 
from Mubadala Investment Company, by which OMV's shareholding in Borealis was increased from 36% 
to 75%. OMV is already entitled to all dividends in relation to the additional shares in Borealis distributed 
after 31 December 2019. OMV fully consolidates the results of Borealis in its financial statements. The 
transaction aims at increasing OMV's chemicals business and extending its value chain into polymers, 
including aiming at an improvement of the natural hedge against cyclicality and operational integration. In 
addition, Borealis' competence in waste management and recycling is seen as a support for OMV's strategy 
to becoming a leader in circular economy by OMV's management. 
In 2020, Group sales revenues amounted to EUR 16,550 million (2019: EUR 23,461 million). The average 
number of employees in the financial year 2020 amounted to 21,074 (2019: 20,127), taking into account in 
particular an average number of 1,813 employees of Borealis consolidated in OMV's annual consolidated 
financial statements as of 31 December 2020 for the first time, as opposed to a decline in the average 
number of employees of Petrom of approx. 1,000 employees in the financial year 2020, compared to 2019. 
The market capitalization of OMV as of 31 December 2020 amounted to approx. EUR 10.8 billion 
(EUR 16.4 billion as of 31 December 2019), taking into account the declines on capital markets in 2020 as 
well as the decrease in the OMV AG share price in the reporting period.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
In the first six months of 2021, Group sales revenues amounted to EUR 13,695 million, a significant 
increase compared to EUR 7,898 million in the the first six months of 2020, which was mainly attributable 
to the additional revenues stemming from the full consolidation of Borealis in the first six months of 2021 
as well as higher market prices. The number of employees at the end of the first six months of 2021 
amounted to 23,530, an increase by 21% from 19,434 for the first six months of 2020 which was also 
mainly attributable to the consolidation of Borealis employees in the respective period in 2021.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
Organisational charts 
The following organisational chart shows the main lines of business for OMV as of 31 December 2020: 
 
 
 
 
(1) As of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, unless otherwise specified.  
(2) Clean CCS Operating Result is the key measure for operating performance of the Group and is defined as operating result 
adjusted for special items and Current Cost of Supply (CCS effects represent inventory holding gains/losses resulting from the 
fuels refineries). 
(3) In September 2020, OMV signed an agreement to divest its entire 51% stake in GCA to VERBUND AG in order to exit the 
regulated gas transportation business in line with its strategy. This transaction was closed end of May 2021. 
(4) 
On 12 March 2020, OMV announced that it has started the sales process for the potential divestment of its premium filling station 
business in Germany, which includes a network of 285 filling stations in southern Germany with focus on Bavaria and Baden-
Württemberg operated by OMV's subsidiary OMV Deutschland GmbH. On 14 December 2020, OMV and EG Group reached an 
agreement for the acquisition of such filling stations by EG Group. The transaction is subject to required regulatory approvals and 
closing is expected in 2021. Further, in June 2021, OMV announced that OMV and MOL Group reached an agreement for MOL 
Group to acquire OMV Slovenia. The agreement encompasses 120 filling stations as well as OMV's wholesale business in 
Slovenia and is part of OMV's current divestment strategy for certain assets and participations. 
 
(Sources: Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (including the 
comparative amounts as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019) unaudited part "Oil and Gas Reserve Estimation and 
Disclosures" of the audited consolidated financial statements 2020, OMV Annual Report 2020, internal data) 
 
In contrast, based on the new reorganization of its reporting segments introduced in 2021, the main lines of 
business for OMV as of 30 June 2021 can be summarized as follows: 
Gas - Key operating statistics 
Logistics: 
Austrian gas transmission network and high pressure network(3) 
operates the Baumgarten gas turntable  
operates approximately 30 TWh gas storage capacity 
Total natural gas sales volumes in 2020: 164.01 TWh  
Total net electric output in 2020: 4.17 TWh 
 
Oil - Key operating statistics 
2020 Total refined product sales: 17.81 mn t 
Ownership of three refineries in CEE with combined annual refining capacity of 
369 kbbl/d and a 15% share in ADNOC Refining, which operates the Ruwais 
refinery in the United Arab Emirates 
75% stake in Borealis  
Marketer of fuel to commercial and retail customers in 10 countries with approx. 
2,100 filling stations(4) 
Key operating statistics 
 
2020 Clean CCS Operating Result(2): EUR 1,514 million 
 
 
 
Key operating statistics 
 
2020 Clean Operating Result(2): 
EUR 145 million 
 
2020 Proved reserves:  
1,337 mn boe 
 
2020 Production:  
169.4 mn boe 
 
2020 Crude oil and NGL 
production: 64.7 mn bbl 
 
2020 Natural gas production: 
612.0 bcf (representing 104.7 mn 
boe) 
 
5 core regions: 
CEE 
Middle East and North Africa 
North Sea 
Russia 
Asia-Pacific 
 
UPSTREAM 
OMV Group(1) 
DOWNSTREAM

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
 
 
 
(1) As of and for the six months ended 30 June 2021, unless otherwise specified.  
 
(Sources: Issuer's unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2021) 
 
 
Sales Revenues and Operating Result 
The following tables show an overview of sales revenues and operating result for each of OMV's business 
segments. The split shown for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 
provides for the segment split used in the respective annual financial statements, i.e. Upstream, 
Downstream and Corporate & Other (Co&O). For the financial data related to the first six months ended 
30 June 2020 and 30 June 2021, the new segment split applied to comply with the provisions of IFRS 8 as 
follows is displayed: Exploration & Production (formerly Upstream), Refining & Marketing (formerly the 
fuels and gas part of the Downstream Segment), Chemicals & Materials (formerly the petrochemicals part 
of Downstream including Borealis) and Corporate & Other (Co&O). 
Sales Revenues 
Sales revenues 
Year ended  
31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(in EUR million) 
audited 
Upstream(1) ................................................................................................................
3,705 
6,239 
Downstream(1) ...........................................................................................................
15,082 
20,958 
Corporate & Other (Co&O)(1) ...................................................................................
352 
345 
Total sales revenues(1) ...............................................................................................
19,139 
27,542 
Key operating statistics 
 
Six months 2021 total 
hydrocarbon production:  
492 kboe/d 
 
Six months 2021 crude oil and 
NGL production: 37.0 mn bbl 
 
Six months 2021 natural gas 
production: 305.2 bcf 
 
Exploration & Production 
OMV Group(1) 
Refining & Marketing 
Chemicals & Materials 
Key operating statistics 
 
Six months 2021 fuels and other  
sales volumes Europe: 7.33 mn t 
 
Six months 2021 natural gas sales 
volumes: 103.44 TWh 
 
Six months 2021 utilization rate 
refineries Europe: 83% 
 
Six months 2021 OMV refining 
indicator margin Europe: 
1.94 USD/bbl 
 
Key operating statistics 
 
Six months 2021 PE sales Borealis 
excl. joint ventures: 929 kt 
 
Six months 2021 PP sales Borealis 
excl. joint ventures: 1,091 kt 
 
Six months 2021 polyolefin sales 
volumes: 2.95 mn t 
 
Six months 2021 utilization rate 
steam crackers Europe: 91% 
 
Six months 2021 polyethylene 
indicator margin Europe: 
673 EUR/t 
 
Six months 2021 polypropylene 
indicator margin Europe: 750 
EUR/t

--- Page 219 ---
219 
Consolidation/Intersegmental sales ........................................................................  
(2,589) 
(4,081) 
Sales revenues ..........................................................................................................
16,550 
23,461 
 
 
 (1) 
Including intra group sales/intersegmental sales.  
 
(Sources: Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (including the 
comparative amounts as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019)) 
 
 
Sales revenues 
Six months ended  
30 June 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(in EUR million) 
unaudited 
Exploration & Production(1) ......................................................................................
2,558 
1,871 
Refining & Marketing(1)  ...........................................................................................
9,068 
7,031 
Chemicals & Materials(1) ..........................................................................................
5,271 
965 
Corporate & Other (Co&O)(1) ...................................................................................
185 
178 
Total sales (not consolidated)(1) ................................................................................
17,082 
10,046 
Intersegmental sales ...............................................................................................  
(3,388) 
(2,148) 
Sales revenues ..........................................................................................................
13,695 
7,898 
 
 
 (1) 
Including intersegmental sales.  
 
(Sources: Issuer's unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2021 
(including the comparative amounts and for the six months ended 30 June 2020)) 
 
Operating Result  
Operating Result 
Year ended  
31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(in EUR million) 
audited 
Upstream ................................................................................................................  
(1,137) 
1,879 
Downstream 
2,160 
1,847 
Corporate & Other (Co&O) ...................................................................................  
(56) 
(91) 
Consolidation (Elimination of intersegmental profits) ...........................................  
83 
(54) 
Group ....................................................................................................................  
1,050 
3,582 
 
  
(Sources: Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (including the 
comparative amounts as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019)) 
 
 
Operating Result 
Six months ended  
30 June 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(in EUR million) 
unaudited 
Exploration & Production(1) ......................................................................................
733 
(246) 
Refining & Marketing(1) ............................................................................................
606 
95 
Chemicals & Materials(1) ..........................................................................................
1,143 
229 
Corporate & Other (Co&O)(1) ...................................................................................
(29) 
(25) 
Segment total(1) .........................................................................................................
2,452 
54 
Consolidation: Elimination of intersegmental profits/losses ..................................  
(56) 
90

--- Page 220 ---
220 
Group .......................................................................................................................
2,396 
144 
(1) Including intersegmental profits. 
 
(Sources: Issuer's unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2021 
(including the comparative amounts and for the six months ended 30 June 2020))  
 
UPSTREAM (full years 2019 and 2020) 
Overview 
The Upstream portfolio focuses on the five core regions (i) Central and Eastern Europe (CEE), (ii) Middle 
East and Africa, (iii) the North Sea, (iv) Russia and (v) Asia-Pacific.  
The following map shows the geographic focus, core areas of OMV's Upstream activities as of 
31 December 2020(1) as well as the 2020 annual production in the regions in kboe/d: 
 
 
 
 
In % 
Central and 
Eastern Europe 
Middle East 
and Africa 
Russia 
North Sea 
Asia-Pacific 
Total hydrocarbon 
production 
Production and oil and gas split 
48 
48 
52 
52 
26 
74 
79 
21 
62 
100 
38 
167 
kboe/d 
47 
kboe/d 
95 
kboe/d 
86 
kboe/d 
68 
kboe/d 
463 
kboe/d 
Natural gas 
Oil and NGL 
Central and 
Eastern Europe 1 
Middle East 
and Africa 
North Sea 
Russia 
Asia-Pacific1 
Austria 
Kazakhstan2 
Romania 
Kurdistan Region of Iraq 
Libya 
Tunisia 
United Arab Emirates 
Yemen 
Norway 
Malaysia 
New Zealand 
Upstream presence1 
Austria 
Tunisia 
Norway 
Romania 
Russia 
Kazakhstan2 
Libya 
Yemen 
United 
Arab 
Emirates 
Kurdistan 
Region 
of Iraq 
Malaysia 
New Zealand 
Central and Eastern Europe 
Middle East and Arica 
North Sea 
Russia 
Asia-Pacific 
1 In addition, OMV holds participations in exploration licenses in Bulgaria, Australia, and Mexico. 
2 On December 29, 2020, OMV Petrom signed the transaction for the sale of the entirety of its operations in Kazakhstan. 
The closing of the transaction is subject to certain conditions precedent and is expected for the first half of 2021. 
(1) As to footnote 2 of the above chart, which relates to the status as of 31 December 2020, it is noted that closing of the sale of the 
entirety of operations Kazakhstan took place in May 2021.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 (Sources: OMV Annual Report 2020, internal data) 
 
Upstream developments in 2020 
In the financial year 2020, the Upstream Operating Result contracted sharply to EUR (1,137) million, after 
EUR 1,879 million in the financial year 2019. Also the clean Operating Result dropped sharply from 
EUR 1,951 million in 2019 to EUR 145 million in 2020. This is particularly driven by adverse effects 
resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. Net market effects had a negative impact of EUR (1,846) million 
in 2020 as a consequence of materially lower average realized oil and gas prices resulting from the impacts 
of COVID-19 and the according reduced worldwide demand. A reduced operational performance lowered 
returns by EUR (245) million in 2020 and was mainly a consequence of the force majeure situation and the 
ensuing liftings shortfall in Libya during most of the financial year 2020. Significantly higher sales 
volumes in Malaysia in 2020 had a strong balancing effect. Depreciation decreased by EUR (286) million 
in 2020, compared to 2019, due to reduced production, impairments, and reserve revisions. In 2020, Petrom 
contributed EUR 1 million to the clean Operating Result of the Upstream segment, compared to a 
contribution of Petrom of EUR 599 million in the financial year 2019. 
Net special items amounted to EUR (1,282) million in 2020 (2019: EUR (71) million) and were mainly 
related to the impairments triggered by OMV's revision of its longterm price assumptions for Brent crude 
oil as a consequence of the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
In the financial year 2020, OMV's Upstream segment sales revenues compared to 2019 significantly 
dropped from EUR 6,239 million to EUR 3,705 million, representing approx. 19% of OMV's total sales 
revenues before consolidation (2019: 23%). The sharp decrease was mainly due to overall lower global 
commodity price environment and reduced sales volumes for most products, predominantly caused by the 
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. After the elimination of intra-group sales, the external sales revenues 
of Upstream in 2020 amounted to EUR 1,527 million (2019: EUR 2,583 million). 
Production cost excluding royalties for the Upstream segment remained stable (compared to 2019) at 
USD 6.6/boe, despite COVID-19 related restrictions. Further cost saving initiatives and reduced activity 
during the COVID-19 lockdown were able to offset the incremental effect stemming from lower 
production. At Petrom, production cost also remained stable at USD 10.9/boe in 2020. 
In 2020, total hydrocarbon production decreased by 24 kboe/d (or approx. 5%) to 463 kboe/d (2019: 487 
kboe/d), primarily due to lower production in Libya as a result of the force majeure situation. Production in 
Malaysia rose substantially and was able to offset some of the reduced production in Romania, New 
Zealand, and Russia. Petrom’s total production in 2020 decreased by 7 kboe/d (compared to 2019) to 145 
kboe/d mainly due to natural decline. Total sales volumes fell to 439 kboe/d in 2020 (2019: 464 kboe/d) in 
line with production volumes. 
In 2020, the average Brent price reached USD 41.8/bbl after USD 64.21/bbl, a significant decrease of 35% 
compared to 2019. OMV's average realised crude price decreased by 38% compared to 2019 and reached 
USD 37.97/bbl (2019: USD 61.66/bbl). The average realized gas price in USD/1,000 cf went down by 23% 
to USD 3.12/1,000 cf in 2020 (2019: USD 4.08/1,000 cf).  
The following chart shows the development of monthly average crude oil prices (Brent) in USD/bbl in the 
financial year 2020, compared to the financial year 2019: 
 
Crude price (Brent) – monthly average 
In USD/bbl 
90 
80 
70 
60 
50 
40 
30 
20 
10 
0 
Jan. 
Feb. 
Mar. 
Apr. 
May 
Jun. 
Aug. 
Sept. 
Oct. 
Nov. 
Dec. 
Jul. 
Brent price 2020 
Brent price 2019

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
 
(Sources: OMV Annual Report 20 internal data) 
For information on OMV's Upstream portfolio development in 2020 see "Description by geographic area– 
Upstream portfolio developments in 2020" below. 
Developments in exploration, production and proven reserves 
The following table shows OMV's production in 2020 and 2019 of crude oil and NGL, natural gas and oil 
equivalent in mn bbl, billion cubic feet ("bcf") and mn boe according to these countries and regions:  
 
Production in 2020(1) 
 
Production in 2019(1) 
 
Oil & NGL 
 
Natural gas(2) 
 
Oil 
equiv. 
 
Oil & NGL 
 Natural gas(2)  
Oil 
equiv. 
 
 
mn bbl 
 
bcf 
mn 
boe 
 mn boe 
 
 
mn bbl  
bcf 
mn 
boe 
 
mn 
boe 
Romania(3)  ...........
 
23.4 
 
146.5 
27.1 
 
50.5 
 
 
24.1  
156.2 
28.9  
53.00 
Norway ................
 
15.1 
 
97.5 
16.2 
 
31.3 
 
 
16.6  
90.0 
15.0  
31.6 
Austria .................
 
3.8 
 
24.9 
4.2 
 
8.0 
 
 
4.0  
29.2 
4.9  
8.9 
Other 
countries(4)(5) ........
 
 
22.4 
 
 
343.0 
 
57.2 
 
 
79.6 
 
 
 
31.5  
 
317.8 
 
53.0  
 
84.4 
Total ....................
 
64.7 
 
612.0 
104.7 
 
169.4 
 
 
76.1  
593.1 
101.7  
177.9 
 
 
(1) Certain figures included in the table have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, certain figures may not be an 
arithmetic aggregation for the figures that preceded them. 
(2) To convert gas from standard cubic feet ("scf") to boe the following conversion factor was applied in all countries: 1 boe = 6,000 
scf; except for Romania where the following was used: 1 boe = 5,400 scf. 
(3) As OMV AG holds 51% of Petrom, it is fully consolidated and figures therefore include 100% of Petrom's production of crude oil 
and natural gas. 
(4) In 2020, "other countries" consisted of United Arab Emirates, Kazakhstan, Libya, Norway, New Zealand, Malaysia, Tunisia, 
Kurdistan Region of Iraq, Russia and Yemen. 
(5) In 2019, "other countries" consisted of United Arab Emirates, Kazakhstan, Libya, Norway, New Zealand, Malaysia, Tunisia, 
Kurdistan Region of Iraq, Russia and Yemen. 
 
(Sources: unaudited part "Production" of the Annual Report 2020, internal data) 
 
In 2020, total hydrocarbon production (oil equivalent) decreased from 177.9 mn boe in 2019 to 169.4 mn 
boe. 
The following table shows OMV's proved developed and undeveloped reserves as of 31 December 2020 
and 31 December 2019 of crude oil and NGL, natural gas and oil equivalent in mn bbl, bcf and mn boe 
according to these countries and regions: 
 
Proven reserves at 31 December 2020(1) 
 
Proven reserves at 31 December 2019(1) 
 
Oil & NGL 
 
Natural gas(2) 
 
Oil 
equiv. 
 
Oil & NGL 
 
Natural gas(2) 
 
Oil 
equiv. 
 
 
mn bbl  
bcf mn boe  mn boe  
 
mn bbl  
bcf 
mn boe  mn boe 
Romania (3) .....
 
279.0  
928.7 
172.0  
451.0  
 
290.9  1,005.8 
186.3  
477.2 
Austria ...........
 
33.9  
155.3 
18.4  
59.9  
 
35.2  
177.8 
29.6  
64.8 
Other 
countries(4) (5) ..
 
366.6 
 
2,754.4 
459.1 
 
825.7 
 
 
322.9 
 
2,805.2 
467.5 
 
790.4 
Total ..............
 
679.6  
3,838.4 
656.9  1,336.5  
 
649.0  3,988.8 
683.4  1,332.4 
 
 
(1) Certain figures included in the table have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, certain figures may not be an 
arithmetic aggregation for the figures that preceded them. 
(2) To convert gas from scf to boe the following conversion factor was applied in all countries: 1 boe = 6,000 scf; except for Romania 
where the following was used: 1 boe = 5,400 scf.  
 
2020: Including approximately 68 bcf of cushion gas held in storage reservoirs. 
 
2019: Including approximately 68 bcf of cushion gas held in storage reservoirs. 
(3) As OMV AG holds 51% of Petrom, it is fully consolidated and figures therefore include 100% of Petrom's proven developed and

--- Page 223 ---
223 
undeveloped reserves. 
(4) In 2020, "other countries" consisted of United Arab Emirates, Kazakhstan, Libya, Norway, New Zealand, Malaysia, Tunisia, 
Kurdistan Region of Iraq, Russia and Yemen. 
(5) In 2019, "other countries" consisted of United Arab Emirates, Kazakhstan, Libya, Norway, New Zealand, Malaysia, Tunisia, 
Kurdistan Region of Iraq, Russia and Yemen. 
  
(Sources: internal data) 
 
As of 31 December 2020, OMV had proven reserves (1P) of approx. 679.6 mb bbl (2019: 649.0 mn bbl) of 
crude oil and NGL, and 3,838.4 bcf (2019: 3,988.8 bcf) proven reserves of natural gas, amounting to 1,337 
mn boe (2019: 1,332 mn boe) in proven reserves of oil equivalent. Proven and probable oil and gas reserves 
(2P) as of 31 December 2020 amounted to 2.37 bn boe (2019: 2.38 bn boe). 
Proven reserves are estimated by OMV's own Qualified Reserves Estimators in accordance with the SEC 
regulations. The estimates are independently evaluated every two years, most recently in 2020 (with respect 
to 2019 figures) by DeGolyer and MacNaughton. 
As of 31 December 2020, OMV's RRR amounted to 138% on average over the past three full business 
years (as of 31 December 2019: 166%). Reserves remained stable despite the challenging market 
environment. Major contributions came from successful drilling and development activities in the United 
Arab Emirates, Russia and Norway, and the positive production performance in Russia, Norway and New 
Zealand. The 2019 one-year RRR was with 102%, following 135% in 2019. 
Evaluation is conducted in accordance with the globally accepted Petroleum Resources Management 
System (PRMS 2007). The disclosure of proven reserves is solely on SEC standards. 
Description by geographic area 
The following is a description by geographic area of assets and activities of the Upstream business 
segment:  
Romania(1) and Austria 
 
 
Year ended  
31 December  
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
Production 
 
 
 
 
Crude oil and NGL production (mn bbl) ....................................................................  
27.2 
 
28.1 
Natural gas production (bcf) .......................................................................................  
171.5 
 
185.3 
Total production (mn boe)(2) ....................................................................................  
58.5 
 
61.9 
Proven reserves 
 
 
 
 
Proved oil and NGL reserves (mn bbl) .......................................................................  
313.0 
 
326.1 
Proved natural gas reserves (bcf) ................................................................................  
1,084.0 
 
1,183.5 
Total proven reserves (mn boe)(2) ............................................................................  
510.9 
 
541.9 
 
 
(1) As OMV AG holds 51% of Petrom, it is fully consolidated and figures therefore include 100% of Petrom's production and proven 
reserves. 
(2) To convert gas from scf to boe the following conversion factor was applied in all countries: 1 boe = 6,000 scf; except for Romania 
where the following was used: 1 boe = 5,400 scf. 
 
(Sources: internal data) 
 
Since 2004, OMV has owned 51.01% in Petrom. Romania is OMV's largest exploration and production 
venture with an average daily production of 138 kboe/d in 2020 (2019: 145 kboe/d), excluding Kazakhstan.  
Other countries(1 (2) 
 
 
Year ended  
31 December  
 
 
2020 
 
2019 
Production 
 
 
 
 
Crude oil and NGL production (mn bbl) .......................................................................  
37.5 
 
48.0

--- Page 224 ---
224 
Natural gas production (bcf) ..........................................................................................  
440.5 
 
407.8 
Total production (mn boe)(3) ........................................................................................  
110.9 
 
116.0 
Proven reserves 
 
 
 
 
Proved oil and NGL reserves (mn bbl) ..........................................................................  
366.6 
 
322.9 
Proved natural gas reserves (bcf) ...................................................................................  
2,754.4 
 
2,805.2 
Total proven reserves (mn boe)(3) ................................................................................  
825.7 
 
790.5 
 
 
(1) In 2020, "other countries" consisted of United Arab Emirates, Kazakhstan, Libya, Norway, New Zealand, Malaysia, Tunisia, 
Kurdistan Region of Iraq, Russia and Yemen. 
(2) In 2019, "other countries" consisted of United Arab Emirates, Kazakhstan, Libya, Norway, New Zealand, Malaysia, Tunisia, 
Kurdistan Region of Iraq, Russia and Yemen. 
(3) To convert gas from scf to boe the following conversion factor was applied in all countries: 1 boe = 6,000 scf. 
 
(Sources: internal data) 
 
Upstream portfolio developments in 2020 
Despite COVID 19-related restrictions, OMV made good progress in the implementation of the OMV 
Strategy 2025. Nawara was successfully started up in Tunisia, and in Malaysia the GoLaBa (Gorek, Larak 
and Bakong) fields were commissioned. In the United Arab Emirates, the Umm Lulu Super Complex was 
brought into full field mode. Additionally, the portfolio was streamlined by the sale of Petrom’s operations 
in Kazakhstan, and progress was made toward divesting an asset in New Zealand. Furthermore, OMV 
embarked on the divestment of its oil assets in Malaysia, which are classified as held for sale as of 
31 December 2020.  
Central and Eastern Europe  
In 2020, OMV continued to optimize the portfolio in Romania. Petrom signed an agreement to sell 40 
onshore oil and gas fields in Southern Romania, together producing around 1,100 boe/d. In addition, OMV 
signed the transaction for the sale of its operations in Kazakhstan consisting of production licenses for four 
onshore fields. The closing of the transaction was subject to certain conditions precedent (including 
authority approval) and was closed in the first half of 2021. Following a successful bidding process, 
negotiations began on a production-sharing contract for Offshore Exploration Block II in the Republic of 
Georgia, which were concluded in March 2021. The global outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic made 
2020 an extremely challenging year from an operational point of view. Nevertheless, Petrom managed to 
maintain uninterrupted production, construction, workover, and turnaround operations. Due to the difficult 
market environment ushered in by the pandemic, fewer new wells and sidetracks were drilled in 2020 
compared to the previous year (63 vs. 100). In September 2020, planned maintenance activities took place 
in the Hurezani production area. In Austria, the largest ground-mounted photovoltaic plant was constructed 
in Schönkirchen-Reyersdorf in partnership with VERBUND. This project is intended to reduce OMV's CO2 
emissions by around 10,000 t per year.  
Middle East and Africa  
For the Middle East and Africa region, 2020 was a challenging year marked by the effects of the COVID-
19 pandemic, the tense security situation in Libya and Yemen, social unrest in Tunisia, and the impact of 
the OPEC+ quota in the United Arab Emirates. Production was maintained at levels permitted by the 
prevailing conditions. 
In Libya, production came to a halt for the larger part of the year 2020 due to the political instability on the 
ground, which resulted in the shut-down of oil export terminals between January and October 2020. 
Production resumed and steadily ramped up in the last two months of 2020, almost returning to previous 
levels. 
The most significant effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on projects and activities in the Middle East and 
Africa region in 2020 were delays of the Ghasha concession development in the United Arab Emirates and 
the Khor Mor development in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq. Workover activities in Yemen also had to be 
discontinued and thus depressed production levels. However, despite these challenges, OMV successfully 
managed to continue its operations in Yemen and Tunisia and began commercial natural gas production at 
Nawara in March 2020.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
In line with the strategy to pursue further growth options in the region, OMV signed a memorandum of 
understanding with Sonatrach, the national state-owned company of Algeria, in July 2020. The 
memorandum of understanding covers the identification of potential upstream opportunities where the two 
parties could jointly invest in exploration or development and production projects in Algeria. The 
memorandum of understanding underscores the interest of both companies in investigating collaboration 
options following the passing of a new Algerian Hydrocarbon Law.  
North Sea  
In 2020, the Norwegian authorities approved the plan for development and operation of the Hywind 
project, which will contribute to reducing emissions from the Snorre and Gullfaks oil and gas fields. They 
also introduced a tax incentive scheme allowing immediate expensing of capital expenditure (CAPEX), 
including a 24% uplift for the special petroleum tax in 2020 and 2021. The Wisting and Iris/Hades projects 
will both benefit from this rule. 
Russia  
On 6 March 2020, by means of publication of inside information in accordance with Article 17 MAR, 
OMV disclosed that OMV and Gazprom signed another amendment agreement to the basic sale agreement 
dated 3 October 2018, which foresees, in particular, an extension of the negotiation phase for the final 
transaction documents on a non-exclusive basis until June 2022. In these negotiations, material 
developments and changed circumstances until signing thereof (including the planned start of production of 
Achimov 4A/5A) are to be taken into account by the parties to the agreement in good faith, in particular in 
relation to the economic effective date and the purchase price.  
Asia-Pacific 
SapuraOMV, the strategic partnership formed with Sapura Energy Berhad ("Sapura Energy") delivered 
substantial incremental production from the Phase 1 development (Gorek, Larak, and Bakong fields) of the 
SK408 Production Sharing Contract (PSC) in 2020. This increased SapuraOMV's production to over 30 
kboe/d. 
SapuraOMV made progress on the development of its other discovered resources, which include SK408’s 
Jerun and Teja fields and SK310’s B14 field. This effort culminated in the final investment decision by 
SapuraOMV's Board of Directors for the Jerun project in December 2020. 
SapuraOMV secured several new exploration permits in Australia to maintain a robust exploration portfolio 
for future business in the region. 
In 2020, OMV embarked on the divestment of its oil assets in Malaysia, which were reclassified as held for 
sale. The transaction is expected to close in 2021. 
OMV New Zealand is prioritizing the redevelopment and optimization of the existing Maui and Pohokura 
natural gas assets. Major infill drilling campaigns on both assets also advanced during 2020, and drilling 
started in Maui. OMV New Zealand intends to invest around New Zealand Dollar (NZD) 500 million 
(equaling approx. EUR 270 million) over the next two years 2021 and 2022 to rejuvenate production in the 
Maui and Pohokura natural gas fields. A new hydrocarbon discovery in the Taranaki Basin in 2020 that 
needs to be appraised and confirmed in 2022, could potentially bring new hydrocarbon volumes to market 
in the 2025–2027 timeframe. Divestment by OMV New Zealand of its 69% share of the Maari field to 
Jadestone Energy is expected to be completed in the second half of 2021. Average production from the 
asset in 2020 was 4 kboe/d net to OMV (in 2019: 5 kboe/d). 
Upstream key projects in 2020 
Neptun (Romania, OMV 50%) 
In cooperation with ExxonMobil as the operator, Petrom continued assessing the commercial and economic 
viability of the Neptun Deep project in the Romanian Black Sea. Cumulative production from Neptun Deep 
was estimated at 125–250 mn boe (net to OMV). Petrom remains interested in seeing the Black Sea 
resources developed. However, the final investment decision depends on a range of factors including a 
stable and competitive fiscal framework and a liberalized natural gas market. Regarding the former, mainly 
in reference to the Offshore Law, amendments are scheduled to be made by means of a parliamentary 
rocess according to public statements. This process will be initiated by the new Parliament elected in

--- Page 226 ---
226 
December 2020. On the liberalized natural gas market front, some progress was made through replacement 
of the central market obligation with a natural gas release program. 
Other major projects (Romania, OMV 100%) 
In the financial year 2020, despite the difficult environment, some milestones were achieved in other 
projects. At the Petromar asset, the rerouting of a section of 2.7 km of the 12" onshore pipeline that 
connects the offshore Central Platform to the onshore Midia Terminal was successfully completed. In 
addition, a pilot project for Enhanced Oil Recovery (EOR) was initiated in the Independenta field, at the 
Moldova asset. This project aims to increase the recovery factors from our mature fields by injecting a 
mixture of viscous water into the reservoir. Petrom is currently analyzing the possibility of extending this 
technology to other fields in the coming years. 
Nawara (Tunisia, OMV 50%) 
In the first three months of 2020, OMV managed to successfully start up operations at the onshore Nawara 
natural gas and condensate field development, thereby achieving commercial natural gas flows despite 
COVID-19 related restrictions. This meant that the final phase of commissioning and startup of the gas 
treatment plant and central processing facility had to be performed remotely. Despite the peak production 
level of 9 kboe/d (OMV share) already having been achieved in 2020, production had to be shut down for 
three months due to social unrest in the country, which also affected project close-out activities. The project 
unlocks South Tunisia’s natural gas resources and supplies urgently needed natural gas, LPG, and 
condensate to the Tunisian market. 
Umm Lulu and SARB (United Arab Emirates, OMV 20%) 
Umm Lulu and Satah Al Razboot (SARB) are two offshore oil fields situated in the shallow waters of Abu 
Dhabi. Pipelines connect both fields to dedicated processing, storage, and loading facilities on Zirku Island. 
In 2020, the Umm Lulu Super Complex started up in full field mode in April, while the commissioning of 
the natural gas treatment plant, the wellhead towers, brownfield modification works, and Super Complex 
performance testing are still in progress, following delays caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Development drilling is planned to continue until 2023. Production started up at the Umm Lulu and SARB 
fields in September 2018 and reached an average level of 23 kboe/d (OMV share) in 2020. This was 
affected by production limitations in connection with the OPEC+ quota. Production from the concession 
area is expected to increase to 215 kboe/d (43 kboe/d net to OMV) by 2023. 
Khor Mor (Kurdistan Region of Iraq, OMV 10%) 
The Pearl consortium (OMV 10% share) develops, processes, and transports natural gas from Khor Mor, a 
major gas condensate field located in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq. The consortium plans to increase 
production by drilling new wells and by expanding the capacity of the facilities by another 42 kboe/d 
(thereof 4.2 kboe/d net to OMV). The resulting additional natural gas production will be introduced into the 
existing Pearl-operated natural gas pipeline to support increasing domestic natural gas demand. In 2020, the 
engineering, procurement, and construction contract for Khor Mor Train 1 was awarded, but project 
progress was impacted by contractor force majeure related to the COVID-19 pandemic, resulting in a delay 
of one year. 
Gullfaks (Norway, OMV 19%) 
In 2020, the Equinor-operated Gullfaks field delivered strong production volumes thanks to robust natural 
gas exports. The planned revision stop at Gullfaks A was finalized early in November 2020. The 
Norwegian authorities approved the plan for development and operation of the Hywind project in April 
2020. The wind farm is a pioneering project and a contribution to reducing emissions from the Snorre and 
Gullfaks oil and gas fields. The offshore wind farm will consist of 11 floating wind turbines with a total 
capacity of 88 MW and will meet about 35% of the annual power demand of the platforms. Construction on 
the wind farm started in the fourth quarter of 2020. 
Gudrun (Norway, OMV 24%) 
The Equinor-operated Gudrun field continued to produce at a high efficiency level and was only slightly 
affected by COVID-19 and the OPEC production cuts. Phase 2 of the Gudrun field redevelopment is 
planned to enable water injection in fourth quarter of 2021, with ongoing batch drilling and topside

--- Page 227 ---
227 
modifications to the existing platform. During 2020, two additional infill production wells were also 
drilled. The first started production in April 2020; the second is scheduled to start in 2021.  
Edvard Grieg (Norway, OMV 20%) 
The Edvard Grieg offshore oil field operated by Lundin Petroleum continued to produce above expectations 
in 2020, due to high production efficiency and increased capacity in Ivar Aasen. Planned maintenance 
revision stops were completed on time. The Edvard Grieg infill drilling campaign has commenced with a 
total of three wells to be drilled, which will bring extra resources and extend plateau production. 
Aasta Hansteen (Norway, OMV 15%) 
Aasta Hansteen continued steady production in 2020, with no major impact from COVID-19. Since 
September 2020, Aasta Hansteen has reached close to 100% production efficiency on its increased export 
capacity of around 160 kboe/d gross. 
Wisting (Norway, OMV 25%) 
In 2020, the Wisting license partners awarded several contracts for concept studies to further move the 
project toward a final concept. Operator Equinor and its partners have considered various concepts to 
determine potential solutions for cost-effective field development and will further develop a floating 
production unit based on a circular floating production storage and offloading ("FPSO") solution. An 
important objective for the Wisting project is reducing the carbon footprint of production. The project will 
study a power-from-shore solution for a circular FPSO. The Wisting project is on track to deliver the plan 
for development and operation by year-end 2022 to take advantage of the tax incentives introduced in 
spring 2020. 
Hades/Iris (Norway, OMV 30%) 
OMV made the Hades and Iris discoveries in 2018. The exploration well found natural gas and condensate 
in both Hades and Iris. The objective of the 2020 Hades appraisal well was to delineate the 2018 discovery, 
reduce the uncertainty of the resource estimate, and perform a formation test. The appraisal well phase was 
concluded as planned in the third quarter of 2020. The Hades/Iris project is estimated to deliver a plan for 
development and operation by year-end 2022 to take advantage of the tax incentives introduced in spring 
2020. 
Yuzhno Russkoye (Russia, OMV 24.99%) 
The second phase of the Turonian development project has been completed at Yuzhno-Russkoye. A total of 
45 wells were drilled, and 24 new wells in the Turonian formation started producing. A plateau production 
extension until 2023 was confirmed. 
SK408 (Malaysia, OMV 40%) 
In Malaysia, developing Phase 1 of the SK408 Gorek, Larak, and Bakong fields was completed by June 
2020, increasing production in Malaysia to more than 30 kboe/d in 2020. The development of the Jerun 
field as Phase 2 of the SK408 development achieved a key milestone, obtaining the final investment 
decision in December 2020 with first gas planned in 2024. The project is currently pending joint venture 
partner approval. This development is expected to contribute an additional initial production rate of over 30 
kboe/d. 
Maui A Crestal Infill (New Zealand, OMV 100%) 
Drilling operations on the Maui A offshore platform commenced in October 2020, following an 
interruption to rig installation and integration due to COVID-19 restrictions. First gas production was 
achieved late 2020 and drilling operations are continuing for the subsequent wells in the campaign. 
Maui B IRF Phase 3 (New Zealand, OMV 100%) 
The Maui B IRF Phase 3 infill drilling opportunity targets by-passed natural gas in the Maui reservoir 
sands, by sidetracking shut-in wells on the Maui B offshore platform. Up to six sidetracks are currently 
under consideration with a final decision yet to be made.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
Pohokura Depletion Compression (New Zealand, OMV 74%) 
This project increases well deliverability and reserves recovery thanks to the installation of an electric 
single-stage centrifugal compressor. First gas was achieved from the Pohokura Depletion Compression 
project in September 2020. The innovative application of remote working technologies also made it 
possible to recover time lost during construction due to COVID-19 restrictions. 
Toutouwai Appraisal (New Zealand, OMV 40%, SapuraOMV 30%) 
Hydrocarbons were discovered in the Toutouwai-1 exploration well during the New Zealand exploration 
campaign in April 2020.The campaign was curtailed before a full logging and testing program could be 
executed due to COVID-19 restrictions. An appraisal well is planned for 2023 to evaluate the commercial 
viability of the discovery and coordinate further development planning. 
Exploration, appraisal and development 
OMV focuses on developing identified projects with proven reserves and on exploration in its core areas. 
The following table sets forth the overview of wells for the years 2019 and 2020:  
Overview wells 
2019 
2020 
 
Development 
 
Exploration & 
Appraisal 
Development 
 
Exploration & 
Appraisal 
Romania & Black Sea ....................................
98  
3 
62 
1 
Austria ............................................................
11  
- 
- 
 
1 
North Sea ........................................................
18  
7 
9 
 
1 
Australasia ......................................................
-  
1 
1 
 
2 
SapuraOMV ...................................................
10  
- 
2 
 
2 
Middle East and Africa ...................................
35  
1 
32 
 
- 
Total ...............................................................
172  
12 
106 
 
7 
 
 
(Sources: internal data) 
 
In 2020, OMV completed the drilling of seven exploration and appraisal wells in five different countries, 
two of which were successful. 
In Austria, OMV finalized one exploration well started in 2019. 
Petrom drilled one exploration well in Romania, and two deep exploration wells were tested in the second 
half of 2020. One test concluded that reservoirs seem unlikely to produce, whereas the second evaluation is 
still ongoing. 
In Norway, the Hades appraisal well was successful.  
OMV finalized two exploration wells in New Zealand in 2020. While Tawhaki-1 in the Great South Basin 
proved dry, Toutouwai-1 in the Taranaki Basin is a likely commercial discovery. An appraisal well is 
planned for 2022. 
In Malaysia, SapuraOMV completed two exploration wells on block SK408 with non-commercial natural 
gas volumes in Remayong in 2020. 
OMV participated in three 3D seismic surveys completed in 2020, one in Romania (Hunt/Petrom), one in 
Australia (SapuraOMV), and one in Bulgaria (Total/OMV). In Romania, Hunt/Petrom completed the 1,583 
km² 3D seismic survey (within the VIII – Urziceni Est license) in February 2020. In March 2020, 
SapuraOMV completed a 3D offshore seismic survey (GEM 3D) covering an area of 420 km² offshore 
from Australia in the Vulcan sub-basin. In May 2020, Total/OMV completed a 3D offshore survey (Han 
Asparuh 3D) covering an area of 5,614 km² offshore from Bulgaria. 
Due to the current environment (COVID-19, oil price, budget restrictions), drilling of several exploration 
wells was shifted to 2021 or later. Exploration and appraisal expenditures decreased to EUR 227 million in 
2020 (2019: EUR 360 million). 
Selected operational and financial data

--- Page 229 ---
229 
The following table shows certain operational and financial data for the Upstream business segment. 
OMV's oil and natural gas reserves data presented in this Prospectus are only estimates which may vary 
significantly from the actual quantities of oil and gas reserves that may be recovered.  
Upstream / selected operational and financial data 
As of and for the financial year  
ended  
31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
unaudited,  
unless otherwise indicated 
Sales revenues (in EUR million)(1) ......................................................................  
3,705(2) 
6,239(2) 
thereof intra-group sales (in EUR million)..........................................................  
2,178(2) 
3,656(2) 
thereof sales to third parties (in EUR million) ....................................................  
1,527(2) 
2,583(2) 
Operating Result (in EUR million)  .....................................................................  
(1,137)(2) 
1,879(2) 
Production (in mn boe) .......................................................................................  
169.4 
177.9 
Proved reserves (in mn boe) ................................................................................  
1,337 
1,332 
 
 
(1) Including intra-group sales.  
(2) Audited. 
 
(Sources: Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (including the 
comparative amounts as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019), Annual Report 2020, internal data) 
In the financial year 2020, OMV recorded significant decreases in Upstream segment sales revenues 
compared to 2019, with a sharp drop from EUR 6,239 million in 2019 to EUR 3,705 million, mainly caused 
by significantly reduced demand following the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic. After the elimination 
of intra-group sales of EUR 2,178 million in 2020 (2019: EUR 3,656 million), the external sales revenues 
of Upstream in 2020 were EUR 1,527 million (2019: EUR 2,583 million) 
In the financial year 2020, the Upstream Operating Result came in negative in an amount of EUR 1,137 
million, an immense decrease after a positive Operating Result for Upstream of EUR 1,879 million in the 
financial year 2019. The clean Operating Result also dropped sharply in 2020, from EUR 1,951 million in 
2019 to EUR 145 million in 2020. 
At USD 6.6/boe for 2020, production cost excluding royalties remained stable, compared to 2019. Further 
cost saving initiatives and reduced activity during the COVID-19 lockdown were able to offset the 
incremental effect stemming from lower production. 
OMV's Upstream capital expenditure including capitalized E&A was cut back to EUR 1,090 million in 
2020 (2019: EUR 2,070 million) following a widespread effort to reduce spending. Capital expenditure in 
2019 had included the purchase of a 50% interest in SapuraOMV for USD 540 million. Organic capital 
expenditure in 2020 was primarily directed at projects in Romania, Norway, the United Arab Emirates and 
New Zealand. Exploration expenditure was EUR 227 million in 2020 and could thus be reduced by 37% 
compared to 2019. It was mainly related to activities in Norway, New Zealand, Romania, and Malaysia.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
EXPLORATION & PRODUCTION (six months ended 30 June 2021) 
The following table shows certain operational and financial data for the Exploration & Production business 
segment.  
Exploration & Production / selected operational and financial data 
As of and for the six months  
ended  
30 June 
 
2021 
2020 
 
unaudited 
Total sales (not consolidated) (in EUR million)(1) ..............................................  
2,558 
1,871 
thereof intersegmental sales (in EUR million) ....................................................  
1,673 
1,086 
thereof sales to third parties (in EUR million) ....................................................  
885 
785 
Operating Result (in EUR million)  .....................................................................  
733 
(246) 
Total hydrocarbon production (in kboe/d) ..........................................................  
492 
468 
 
 
(1) Including intersegmental sales.  
 
(Sources: Issuer's unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2021 
(including the comparative amounts and for the six months ended 30 June 2020)) 
In the first six months of 2021, OMV recorded a significant increase in Exploration & Production total 
sales (not consolidated) from EUR 1,871 million in the first half of 2020 to EUR 2,558 million, in 
particular caused by significant increases of intra-group/intersegmental sales.  
The Operating Result for the first six months of 2021 reached EUR 733 million, after EUR (246) million in 
the first six months of 2020, mostly because of substantially better oil and gas prices, the return to full 
operations in Libya and the commissioning of new natural gas fields in Malaysia and Tunisia. 
The total hydrocarbon production volume increased by 25 kboe/d to 492 kboe/d in the first six months of 
2021, compared to the first half of 2020. Libyan production was at full capacity during the entire period of 
the first six months of 2021, while it had been severely affected by a force majeure situation in the period 
from 1 January 2020 to 30 June 2020. Output in Malaysia and Tunisia grew in first six months of 2021 on 
the back of the commissioning of new natural gas fields. Natural decline in Romania, lower natural gas 
extraction in New Zealand, and the full divestment of operations in Kazakhstan in May 2021 stifled 
production growth to some extent in the first six months of 2021. Total hydrocarbon sales volumes rose to 
458 kboe/d in the first six months of 2021 (first six months of 2020: 440 kboe/d), generally following the 
production trend with slight limitations caused by the lifting schedule. 
 
DOWNSTREAM (full years 2019 and 2020) 
Overview 
The business segment Downstream, which was used for segment reporting until and including the financial 
year 
2020, 
included 
the 
fuels, 
chemicals 
and 
gas 
business.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
OMV's Downstream business refines and markets fuels, chemicals, and gas. It operates three inland 
refineries in Europe and holds a strong market position within the areas of its refineries, serving a 
strong branded retail network and commercial customers. In the Middle East, it owns 15% of ADNOC 
Refining and AGT.  
OMV is strongly forward integrated into chemicals and recently expanded its value chain into polymers 
by acquiring a controlling interest in Borealis, one of the world’s leading polyolefin producers. In 2020, 
OMV increased its share in Borealis from 36% to 75%, strengthening its chemical business and 
extending the value chain into polymers. Borealis has a strong European footprint and is active in the 
Middle East and Asia-Pacific through Borouge, a joint venture with ADNOC, and in North America 
where Borealis and Total are partners in the Baystar joint venture. 
OMV's European Downstream business model is characterized by a high degree of physical integration 
along the value chain from crude supply to refining, retail, and commercial sales. Total refined product 
sales amounted to 17.8 mn t. Commercial fuel customers are mainly from industrial transportation and 
construction sectors and account for more than 50% of the sales volume. Petrochemicals customers 
comprise around 13%. The strongly branded retail network comprised 2,085 filling stations as of 
31 December 2020. 
The gas business operates across the entire gas value chain from the wellhead to the burner tip. It 
includes the Group's power business activities with one gas-fired power plant in Romania. 
Downstream fuels presence  
The following map illustrates OMV's Downstream's fuel presence as of 31 December 2020: 
 
 
 
(Sources: OMV Annual Report 2020, internal data) 
Downstream's fuel presence includes three refineries in Europe: The Schwechat (Austria) and 
Burghausen (southern Germany) refineries, both of which feature integrated petrochemical production, 
and the Petrobrazi refinery (Romania), which mainly processes Romanian crude oil. In addition, since 
2019, OMV holds a 15% share in ADNOC Refining, which operates the Ruwais refinery in the United 
Arab Emirates, among other assets.  
Burghausen Schwechat 
Petrobrazi 
Austria 
429 
Slovenia 
120 
Czech Republic 
140 
Slovakia 
98 
Romania 
560 
Moldova 
77 
Hungary 
202 
Serbia 
63 
Bulgaria 
93 
United Arab Emirates 
 
Ruwais 
Germany2 
303 
Downstream fuels presence1 
OMV 
refineries  
Number of 
filling stations  
1   Downstream fuels presence comprises refining, product supply and sales, and retail. 
2   On December 14, 2020, OMV and EG Group reached an agreement for the acquisition of 285 filling stations in Germany 
by EG Group. The transaction is subject to required regulatory approvals and closing is expected in 2021.

--- Page 232 ---
232 
Globally, OMV's total processing capacity amounts to 507 kbbl/d (including OMV's share in the 
ADNOC Refining capacity). The total refined product sales were 17.81 mn t (excluding OMV's share 
in the ADNOC Refining total refined product sales) in the financial year 2020 (financial year 2019: 
20.94 mn t). The retail network consists of around 2,100 filling stations in ten countries with a strong 
multi-brand market portfolio. 
The following table shows OMV's ownership interests in and the resulting annual capacities for OMV 
of its refining complexes: 
 
Ownership 
(as of 
31 December 2020) 
 
Annual refining 
capacity 
 
 
in % 
 
in kbbl/d 
Refineries west 
  
 
Schwechat ...................................................................................
100.00 
 
204 
Burghausen .................................................................................
100.00 
 
79 
Refineries east 
  
 
Petrobrazi ....................................................................................
51.01 
 
86 
United Arab Emirates 
 
 
 
ADNOC Refining .......................................................................
15.00 
 
138(1) 
Total ...........................................................................................
-  
 
 507(2) 
 
 
(1) Equivalent to OMV‘s 15% share in ADNOC Refining.  
(2) Total capacity available to OMV.  
 
(Sources: OMV Annual Report 2020, internal data) 
 
 
Downstream chemicals presence  
The following map illustrates OMV's Downstream's chemicals presence as of 31 December 2020: 
 
 
United Kingdom  
Germany  
Austria  
France 
Spain 
Belgium 
Netherlands 
Sweden 
Finland 
Russia 
Poland 
Czech Republic 
Slovakia 
Hungary 
Romania 
Croatia 
Serbia 
Bulgaria 
Italy 
Greece 
Turkey 
United 
States 
Mexico 
Colombia 
Brazil 
Chile 
Argentina 
South Africa 
Morocco 
Egypt 
India 
Indonesia 
Thailand 
Vietnam 
Malaysia 
Singapore 
South 
Korea 
Japan 
United 
Arab 
Emirates 
China 
Downstream chemicals presence

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
 
 
 (Sources: OMV Annual Report 2020, internal data) 
Borealis is a leading provider of base chemicals, polyolefins, and fertilizers. According to IHS market 
and OMV Group research, the company is the second largest polyolefin producer in Europe and among 
the top ten producers globally, with a total capacity of 5.7 mn t of polyolefins. 
Borealis is, according to OMV, one of the world’s leading providers of advanced and circular 
polyolefin solutions and a European market leader in base chemicals, fertilizers and the mechanical 
recycling of plastics. It offers circular material solutions for key industries. Borealis envisages re-
inventing for more sustainable living and aims at accelerating the transformation to a circular economy 
and to expand its geographical footprint. 
With its head office in Vienna, Austria, Borealis employs 6,900 employees and operates in over 120 
countries supplying services and products to customers around the globe through Borealis and two 
important joint ventures: Borouge (with the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company, or ADNOC, based in 
UAE), and Baystar™ (with TotalEnergies, based in the US). 
Downstream gas presence  
The following map illustrates OMV's Downstream's gas presence as of 31 December 2020: 
 
 
 
(Sources: OMV Annual Report 2020, internal data) 
Downstream's gas operations operate across the gas value chain from the wellhead to the burner tip of 
the end customer with a fully integrated gas business. It includes OMV's power business activities, with 
one gas-fired power plant in Romania. OMV markets and trades natural gas in several European 
countries as well as in Turkey. 
Through its subsidiaries OMV operated a gas pipeline network in Austria and owns gas storage 
facilities with a capacity of 2.7 bcm (30 TWh) in 2020. OMV imports large amounts of natural gas to 
Austria and sells treated gas produced at its own fields. With about one third of all Russian gas exports 
to Western Europe passing through OMV's Baumgarten gas turntable, OMV plays an important role in 
gas transit. The pipeline network and gas storage facilities contribute to the security of supply in 
Austria and beyond. CEGH is a well-established gas trading platform on the gas routes from East to 
West and also operates a gas exchange.  
OMV Gas Logistics Holding GmbH was set up to consolidate OMV's various gas and power business 
areas. Up to and including end of May 2021, OMV conducted its natural gas transport through the gas 
infrastructure company GCA. On 31 May 2021, OMV and VERBUND AG closed the purchase of 
OMV's 51% stake in GCA by VERBUND AG for a purchase price of EUR 271 million, less dividend 
payouts for the financial year 2020 and inter alia an additional assumption of outstanding liabilities of 
GCA to OMV of around EUR 212 million by VERBUND AG. The sale is part of OMV's strategy of 
Equity 
gas 
Gas-fired 
power plant 
Gas 
storage 
LNG 
terminal 
Gas 
pipelines1 
CEGH 
Belgium 
Netherlands 
Germany 
Austria 
Hungary 
Romania 
Turkey 
Downstream gas presence 
1 On September 23, 2020, OMV and VERBUND reached an agreement for the acquisition of 51% of shares Gas 
Connect Austria GmbH by VERBUND. The closing took place on May 31, 2021.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
exiting the regulated gas transport business and engaging in proactive portfolio management. At the 
same time, OMV remains active in the gas trading and gas storage business. 
OMV's marketing and trading business is carried out through OGMT (formerly: EconGas GmbH), a 
company in which OMV holds a 100% share, in Austria and neighbouring countries and through 
Petrom's gas business (Romania), as well as through OMV Enerji Ticaret Limited Sirketi in Turkey.  
Gas supply volumes can be illustrated as follows: 
Gas supply in TWh 
Year ended  
31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
unaudited 
Equity gas supply(1) ......................................................................................................  
74 
74 
Russia(2) ........................................................................................................................  
63 
63 
Norway .........................................................................................................................  
11 
8 
Others ...........................................................................................................................  
942 
938 
Total .............................................................................................................................  
1,090 
1,084 
 
 
(1) Equity gas supply from Austria, Romania and partly Norway. 
(2) Russian supply in Austria, Romania and Turkey. 
 
(Sources: internal data) 
 
Downstream business in 2020  
Overview 
Downstream refines and markets fuel products in Central and Eastern Europe as well as in the Middle 
East through OMV's 15% interest in ADNOC Refining and AGT. OMV is strongly forward integrated 
into chemicals and recently expanded its value chain into polymers by acquiring a controlling interest 
in Borealis in 2020, according to OMV, one of the world’s leading polyolefin producers. Borealis has a 
strong European footprint and is active in the Middle East and Asia-Pacific through Borouge, a joint 
venture with ADNOC, and in North America where Borealis and Total are partners in the Baystar joint 
venture. 
OMV's European Downstream business model is characterized by a high degree of physical integration 
along the value chain from crude supply to refining, retail, and commercial sales. Total refined product 
sales amounted to 17.8 mn t in 2020. Commercial fuel customers are mainly from industrial 
transportation and construction sectors and account for more than 50% of the 2020 sales volume. 
Petrochemicals customers comprised around 13% in 2020. The retail network comprised 2,085 filling 
stations as of 31 December 2020 and accounts for approximately 33% of the total marketed volume in 
2020. 
The gas business operates across the entire gas value chain from the wellhead to the burner tip. It 
includes the Group's power business activities with one gas-fired power plant in Romania. Natural gas 
sales volumes amounted to 164.0 TWh in 2020. 
Refining including product supply and sales in 2020 
Throughout 2020, refining margins came under significant pressure. From the second quarter 2020 
onward, demand for oil products dropped to unforeseen levels because of the mobility restrictions 
associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. At the peak of the crisis, during the second quarter of 2020, 
global demand fell by 16% compared with 2019. The biggest contributor to the drop in oil demand was 
the transportation sector, particularly jet fuel, because air traffic was almost entirely halted as a result of 
international lockdowns. Refineries quickly adapted their processes to the new supply requirements by 
way of yield shifts and run cuts, but product inventories filled up quickly. Demand for middle 
distillates, primarily diesel, partly supported by a particularly strong economic recovery in Asia, did not 
compensate for this development, and pressure on the supply-demand balance remained in place.  
Many refiners blended surplus jet fuel into diesel and delivered this to the market, resulting in inflated 
stocks. Naphtha gradually came under pressure due to increasing competition from less expensive 
LPG. Gasoline and middle distillates suffered due to difficult market conditions, while heavy products 
gained an advantage from continuous sour oil strength as OPEC+ cut supply by record high volumes. 
Rising crude prices toward the end of the year 2020 added more pressure, leading to lower-than-
average refining margins for 2020.

--- Page 235 ---
235 
Although demand was significantly lower, the sales unit’s commercial margin remained close to its 
2019 level. Inland premia for the spot market came under severe pressure in 2020, due to a lack of spot 
demand and the excess supply caused by COVID-19. Reduced local demand was balanced out by 
increased sales in out-trading markets, which supported refinery utilization. The heating oil business 
was a significant contributor to the overall result, since heating oil demand was relatively strong due to 
favorable prices. This was a result of weaker crude oil prices.  
At OMV's Schwechat and Burghausen refineries, production in 2020 was partly shifted toward the 
production of petrochemicals to adjust to the drop in jet fuel demand. Despite the challenging COVID-
19 market situation, the utilization rate of OMV's European refineries still reached 86% for 2020. 
ADNOC Refining and Trading in 2020 
Alongside majority shareholder ADNOC (65%) and Eni (20%), OMV became a strategic partner in 
ADNOC Refining by acquiring 15% of the company’s shares at the end of July 2019. ADNOC 
Refining owns a total capacity of 922 kbbl/d comprising its Abu Dhabi refinery (85 kbbl/d) and its two 
major refineries in Ruwais. Together these constitute the world’s fourth largest refining complex with 
integrated petrochemicals 
ADNOC Refining’s business performance in 2020 was impacted by a major planned turnaround at both 
Ruwais refineries in the first half of the year 2020. This was compounded by the significant ripples on 
the refining market caused by the global COVID-19 pandemic. The turnaround allowed ADNOC 
Refining to implement a series of technical improvements in the major plants in the Ruwais refineries. 
These were put in place in the hydroskimming and conversion sections such as the Residue Fluid 
Catalytic Cracking (RFCC) plant, which is the key unit for upgrading bottom-of-the-barrel 
components. This in turn lifts the refining margin. With the same ownership structure as ADNOC 
Refining, AGT has the mission to trade the majority of ADNOC Refining’s export volumes of products 
as well as supplying nondomestic crudes, condensates, and other liquids for processing. AGT extends 
the successful Downstream business model into key geographies and to strategic partners. By 
continuously optimizing trade flows, it allows ADNOC Refining to access attractive non-domestic 
feedstock sources, maximize netback for products on global markets (e.g., Asia-Pacific), and 
implement best practices such as risk management. Despite unprecedented market circumstances, AGT 
went live on 8 December 2020, and executed its first trades before the end of the year 2020. 
Petrochemicals in 2020 
In 2020, Petrochemical margins fell below the 2019 average, reflecting lower global gross domestic 
product (GDP) growth rates and new production capacities going online mainly in Asia. After a strong 
first quarter, driven by a sharp decline in naphtha prices, average ethylene and propylene margins 
decreased. Overall, they came in below the previous year’s level. Butadiene margins were impacted by 
collapsing demand in the automotive industry. This was because the primary use for butadiene is the 
production of Styrene Butadiene Rubber (SBR), which is mainly used in the manufacture of 
automobile tires. The benzene oversupply and an ever-weaker demand environment put heavy pressure 
on margins, which gradually recovered from July 2020 onward. Increased petrochemical sales volumes 
helped mitigate the negative margin impact from the COVID-19 crisis. Due to the flexibility of the 
production plants in the Schwechat and Burghausen refineries, some production was shifted to 
petrochemicals to adjust to the new market requirements caused by COVID-19. 
Borealis business in 2020 
Key projects of Borealis in 2020 included the following: 
 
In January 2020, Borealis and NOVA Chemicals announced an agreement whereby Borealis 
would buy NOVA Chemicals’ 50% ownership interest in Novealis Holdings. The acquisition 
was completed in April 2020. The two companies had established the holding company in 
2018. Subsequently, they formed a 50:50 joint venture with Total Petrochemicals & Refining 
USA to create a new Houston-based company – Bayport Polymers (also known as Baystar). 
The Baystar project involves the construction of an ethane-based steam cracker in Port Arthur, 
which will supply approximately 1 mn t/y of ethylene. The facility’s ethylene will be used to 
feed both the existing 400 kt per year polyethylene unit and the new 625 kt per year Borstar 
polyethylene unit being built. Both Baystar projects have moved ahead, despite disruptions to 
supply chains around the world, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
  
 
In June 2020, a propylene splitter, one of the largest single pieces of equipment ever shipped, 
arrived safely at the construction site of the new world-scale propane dehydrogenation 
("PDH") plant at the existing Borealis production site in Kallo, Belgium. Borealis’ new PDH

--- Page 236 ---
236 
plant is Borealis’ most significant investment in Europe, amounting to approximately EUR 1 
billion. The plant is intended to have a targeted annual production capacity of 750 kt per year, 
making it one of the largest and most efficient facilities in the world. Borealis announced that 
its new naphtha cavern in Porvoo, Finland has been safely commissioned as of October 2020. 
Borealis invested EUR 25 million in the construction of this 80,000 m3 facility. Borealis can 
now source naphtha for its Porvoo operations from the global market and store it in a more 
versatile, cost-efficient, and secure way. The cavern can also accommodate renewable 
naphtha, making it possible for Borealis customers to draw on certified renewable 
polypropylene and polyethylene, as well as renewable base chemicals (ethylene, propylene, 
and phenol) in the future.  
 
 
In August 2020, Borealis announced the successful acquisition of a controlling stake in South 
Korean compounder DYM Solution Co. Ltd in relation to global wire and cable business. 
 
 
At the Borouge 3 complex in Ruwais, UAE, the construction of another major growth project, 
the fifth Borstar polypropylene plant (PP5), is nearing completion. The Borouge 4 project is 
also moving ahead towards completion of the FEED (Front-End Engineering and Design) 
phase. 
 
Borealis continues to invest in its recycling technologies and facilities. One example of recycling 
innovation is the ReOil® cooperation with OMV. The patented OMV ReOil® technology is used to 
chemically recycle postconsumer plastics into raw materials, which are then used by Borealis to 
produce polyolefins. Leading European multinational Nestlé has become the first Borealis customer to 
use the ISCC PLUS-compliant polyolefins in consumer goods packaging. In September 2020, Borealis 
announced the launch of the Bornewables™ portfolio. These premium polyolefin products are 
manufactured with renewable feedstock, derived entirely from waste and residue streams. Bornewables 
boast the same material performance as virgin polyolefins, with a smaller carbon footprint. Borcycle™ 
is a proprietary state-of-the-art technology launched in 2019. It transforms plastic waste streams into 
value-adding, versatile recycled polyolefins. These serve as the foundation for an increasing number of 
more sustainable products and applications in the rigid packaging segment. In September 2020, 
Borealis and MENSHEN, a leading specialist for plastic closures, launched a series of new packaging 
closures for laundry and homecare applications based on Borcycle™ UG522MO, a PP compound 
containing 50% post-consumer-recycled content. 
Downstream retail business in 2020 
Despite a challenging environment due to the COVID19 pandemic, the 2020 Operating Result of the 
retail business exceeded the 2019 Operating Result of retail. The COVID-19-driven decline in fuel 
sales was more than offset by higher fuel margins, an increased share of premium fuels, and cost 
reductions. Total sales declined by 10% to 5.9 mn t in 2020, compared to 2019, equivalent to 
approximately 7.2 bn l. At the end of the year 2020, the network comprised 2,085 filling stations (end 
of 2019: 2,075 filling stations). OMV continues to focus on its multi-brand strategy. The OMV brand is 
positioned as a premium brand, with VIVA representing a strong shop, gastronomy, and service 
offering. The Avanti brand of unmanned filling stations represents the discount segment, while the 
Petrom brand represents value for money. Sales of OMV's premium MaxxMotion-brand fuels have 
reached a high at approximately 843 mn l in 2020, even during the COVID-19 crisis. The nonfuel 
business, including the VIVA convenience stores and car washes experienced a 13% decline due to the 
COVID-19 pandemic. In December 2020, a divestment agreement was signed with EG Group for 285 
filling stations in the OMV network in Germany. The transaction is subject to required regulatory 
approvals and closing is expected in 2021. 
Gas supply, marketing and trading in 2020 
In 2020, natural gas sales volumes amounted to 164.0 TWh (2019: 136.7 TWh), an increase of 20% 
compared to 2019, based on a diverse supply portfolio, which consists of equity gas and a variety of 
international suppliers. In addition to mid- and long-term activities, short-term activities at the main 
international hubs (VTP, NCG, GASPOOL, TTF, PSV) complement OMV's supply portfolio. OMV 
Gas Marketing & Trading GmbH’s ("OMV Gas") sales activities are focused on a customer portfolio 
in the large-scale industry and municipality segments. OMV Gas conducts sales activities in Austria, 
Germany, Hungary, the Netherlands, and Belgium, where 2020 sales amounted to 114.8 TWh. Italy, 
Slovenia, and France are covered by origination activities. The market environment in 2020 was 
challenging. Margins remained under pressure in 2020 due to a competitive and increasingly volatile 
European gas market, a situation expected to continue. In Germany, OMV Gas is aiming to reach its 
goal of a 10% market share by 2025. In 2020, sales reached 52.4 TWh, an increase of 31% compared to

--- Page 237 ---
237 
2019, with a market share of OMV Gas in Germany of 7% at year-end 2020. In Romania, Petrom's gas 
and power activities delivered an excellent operating result, reflecting strong power business 
performance and the optimization of both product and customer portfolios. Natural gas sales volumes 
to third parties reached 47.7 TWh in 2020, a slight increase compared to 47.2 TWh in 2019. Starting in 
July 2020, ANRE initiated a gas release program in Romania, whereby gas producers are obligated to 
offer 30% of their production volume to the centralized markets. In Romania, net electrical output 
increased to 4.2 TWh in 2020 (2019: 3.4 TWh), with the Brazi power plant contributing approximately 
7% of Romania’s electricity production.  
In 2020, OMV Gas again substantially improved the capacity utilization of the Gate regasification 
terminal. Furthermore, the LNG business supports portfolio integration of the supply, marketing, and 
trading businesses. 
Gas logistics in 2020 
GCA, which was still a subsidiary of OMV in 2020, operates an approximately 900 km-long high-
pressure natural gas pipeline network in Austria. On 23 September 2020, OMV signed an agreement to 
divest its 51% in GCA to VERBUND AG. The purchase of OMV's 51% stake in GCA by VERBUND 
AG was closed on 31 May 2021. 
In 2020, the storage market was again characterized by strong customer demand and higher market 
prices due to large summer/winter spreads and volatility. At the European hubs, summer/winter spreads 
for winter 2020/21 reached levels significantly above previous years. After a relatively high filling 
level at the end of last winter, strong customer demand meant that Austrian storage facilities were 
utilized at more than 90% capacity. At around 510 TWh in 2020, actual entry/exit transportation 
volumes in Eastern Austria (Regelzone Ost) were lower than in 2019, mainly due to generally high 
storage levels at the beginning of the year and reduced consumption as a consequence of COVID-19. 
Utilization of the entries from Germany into Austria was particularly low. The exit point to Hungary 
maintained the high activity level of 2019 also in 2020, and the nominations at the Baumgarten exit 
point into Slovakia were positive. At CEGH, 827 TWh of natural gas was nominated at the Virtual 
Trading Point (VTP) in 2020, an increase of 10% compared with 2019. This volume corresponds to 
approximately nine times Austria’s annual gas consumption. The EEX CEGH Gas Market was 
successfully transferred from the PEGAS platform to EEX Gas as of January 2020. Traded volumes 
totaled 165 TWh in Austria and 13 TWh in the Czech Republic in 2020.  
OMV is a financing partner of the Nord Stream 2 project. As of the date of this prospectus, OMV's 
funding of the project under the financing agreements for Nord Stream 2 amounted to approx. 
EUR 729 million. 
Downstream – Selected operational and financial data 
The following table shows certain operational and financial data for the business segment Downstream: 
Downstream / selected operational and financial data 
As of and for the financial year 
ended  
31 December(1) 
 
2020 
2019 
 
unaudited, unless otherwise 
indicated 
Sales revenues(1) (in EUR million) ......................................................................  
15,082(2) 
20,958(2) 
thereof intra-group sales (in EUR million)..........................................................  
63(2) 
84(2) 
thereof sales to third parties (in EUR million) ....................................................  
15,019(2) 
20,874(2) 
Operating Result (in EUR million) .....................................................................  
2,160(2) 
1,847(2) 
Clean CCS Operating Result(3) (in EUR million) ................................................  
1,514(2) 
1,677(2) 
Total refined product sales (in mn t) ...................................................................  
17.81 
20.94 
Utilisation rate refineries (in %) ..........................................................................  
86 
97 
Natural gas sales volumes (in TWh) ...................................................................  
164.01 
136.71 
 
 
(1) Including intra-group sales.  
(2) Audited. 
(3) 
Clean CCS Operating Result is the key measure for operating performance of the Group and is defined as operating result 
adjusted for special items and Current Cost of Supply (CCS) effects (CCS effects represent inventory holding gains/losses 
resulting from the fuels refineries).  
 
(Sources: Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (including 
the comparative amounts as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019))

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
In the financial year 2020, the clean CCS Operating Result of the Downstream segment amounted to 
EUR 1,514 million, a decline of 10% compared to 2019 (2019: EUR 1,677 million). Negative effects of 
COVID-19 on demand as well as on refining margins in 2020 could not be fully offset by a strong 
natural gas and retail business and a significant positive contribution of margin hedges. Petrom’s input 
to the clean CCS Operating Result of Downstream amounted to EUR 448 million in 2020 (2019: 
EUR 387 million). 
The OMV refining indicator margin declined by 45% in 2020 to USD 2.4/bbl (2019: USD 4.4/bbl), 
primarily due to the negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Substantially lower middle distillate 
and lower gasoline cracks following a weak macro environment put considerable pressure on refining 
margins in 2020. Lower feedstock costs, a result of lower crude oil prices, and improved heavy fuel oil 
and naphtha margins could not offset these effects. In 2020, the utilization rate of the refineries reached 
a resilient level of 86% (2019: 97%) despite the imposed lockdown measures related to COVID-19. At 
17.8 mn t, total refined product sales volumes were down by 15% compared to 2019, following lower 
demand as a result of imposed travel restrictions. The commercial business experienced lower sales 
volumes, in particular demand for jet fuel dropped sharply, while margins in the commercial business 
remained stable. The result in the retail business increased despite a reduction of 10% in retail sales 
volumes, following higher margins and a larger share of premium fuels. 
The contribution of the petrochemicals business declined by 7% to EUR 224 million in 2020 (2019: 
EUR 241 million) mainly as a consequence of lower petrochemical margins, which were partially 
offset by slightly higher petrochemical sales volumes. The ethylene/propylene net margin contracted by 
8% in 2020, compared to 2019. While the butadiene net margin weakened considerably, benzene net 
margin decreased to a lesser extent.  
The contribution of Borealis slightly decreased to EUR 300 million for 2020, after EUR 314 million for 
2019. Following the acquisition of an additional 39% stake on 29 October 2020, the Borealis result was 
fully consolidated for the last two months of 2020. The effect from the full consolidation was offset by 
a weaker market environment, sizeable negative inventory effects as a consequence of this, and 
unplanned outages at the Stenungsund and Porvoo crackers. While polyolefin margins remained at a 
healthy level in 2020, polyolefin sales volumes slightly increased due to higher sales in the packaging 
sector, partially offset by lower sales in the mobility sector. The fertilizer business declined in 2020 
following a solid performance in 2019, mainly as a result of weaker margins and operational issues in 
the fourth quarter of 2020. The contribution from Borouge was down slightly in 2020, mainly due to 
weak market conditions in Asia in the first half of the year 2020. 
In 2020, the contribution of ADNOC Refining & Trading amounted to EUR (107) million, after EUR 8 
million in 2019. The adverse market environment in 2020 weighed on the result. In addition, the result 
was negatively impacted by an extensive turnaround of the Ruwais refinery complex, which started at 
the beginning of February 2020 and lasted into the second quarter of 2020. Despite challenging market 
circumstances, AGT was successfully launched at the beginning of December 2020. 
The contribution of the gas business grew by 73% to EUR 337 million in 2020 (2019: EUR 194 
million), mainly as a consequence of the substantially improved power business in Romania as well as 
the greatly improved performance of the storage business and lower depreciation. GCA was 
reclassified as an asset held for sale. The purchase of OMV's 51% stake in GCA by VERBUND AG 
was closed on 31 May 2021. The power business in Romania provided strong support in 2020 due to 
favorable forward contracts, increased revenues from the electricity balancing market, and a one-off 
revenue recovery stemming from a 2019 power price regulation.  
Natural gas sales volumes rose significantly in 2020, from 136.7 TWh in 2019 to 164.0 TWh, driven by 
higher sales volumes in Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Austria. 
Net special items of Downstream amounted to EUR 1,071 million in 2020, after EUR 31 million in 
2019. With the closing of the Borealis acquisition, OMV realized a step-up in the valuation of the 
previous 36% share in Borealis and booked a special item of around EUR 1.3 billion for 2020. CCS 
effects of EUR (425) million were caused by the sharp drop in crude oil prices in the first half of 2020. 
As a result, the Operating Result of Downstream increased by EUR 313 million to EUR 2,160 million 
for 2020, after EUR 1,847 million for 2019. 
Downstream segment sales revenues (including intra-group sales) in the financial year 2020 totalled 
EUR 15,082 million, a significant decrease compared to EUR 20,958 million in 2019. Operating result 
significantly increased from EUR 1,847 million in 2019 to EUR 2,160 million in 2020. The clean CCS 
Operating Result in the financial year 2020 decreased to EUR 1,514 million, after EUR 1,677 million 
for 2019.

--- Page 239 ---
239 
REFINING & MARKETING (six months ended 30 June 2021) 
The following table shows certain operational and financial data for the Refining & Marketing business 
segment.  
Refining & Marketing / selected operational and financial data 
As of and for the six months  
ended  
30 June 
 
2021 
2020 
 
unaudited 
Total sales (not consolidated) (in EUR million)(1) ..............................................  
9,068 
7,031 
thereof intersegmental sales (in EUR million) ....................................................  
1,087 
642 
thereof sales to third parties (in EUR million) ....................................................  
7,981 
6,390 
Operating Result (in EUR million)  .....................................................................  
606 
95 
OMV refining indicator margin Europe (in USD/bbl) ........................................  
1.94 
3.63 
Fuels and other sales volumes Europe in (mn t)  .................................................  
7.33 
7.58 
Natural gas sales volumes (in TWh) ...................................................................  
103.44 
80.35 
 
 
(1) Including intersegmental sales.  
 
(Sources: Issuer's unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2021 
(including the comparative amounts and for the six months ended 30 June 2020)) 
In the first six months of 2021, total sales (not consolidated) for Refining & Marketing increased by 
approx. 29% to EUR 9,068 million, compared to EUR 7,031 million in the first six months of 2020. 
Intersegmental sales recorded a significant increase by 69% to EUR 1,087 million in the first six 
months of 2021, after EUR 642 million in the first six months of 2020. 
The Operating Result for the first six months of 2021 reached EUR 606 million, after EUR 95 million 
in the first six months of 2020. Weaker refining margin, a lower contribution from margin hedges 
negatively affected the result, but these effects were overcompensated by substantially positive CCS 
effects. 
In the first six months of 2021, the OMV refining indicator margin Europe decreased by 47% to USD 
1.9/bbl (first six months of 2020: USD 3.6/bbl), mainly as a consequence of the persistently weak 
macro environment and strengthening crude oil prices. Substantially lower middle distillate cracks and 
rising feedstock costs put considerable pressure on refining margins. This was only compensated to 
some extent by growing gasoline and naphtha cracks. In the first six months of 2021, the utilization rate 
of the European refineries reached a relatively resilient level of 83%, after 86% in the first six months 
of 2020. At 7.3 mn t for the first six months of 2021, fuels and other sales volumes in Europe decreased 
by 3%, compared to 7.6 mn t in the first six months of 2020. Volumes sold in the commercial business 
were down: In particular, demand for jet fuel contracted considerably, while margins also declined. The 
result from the retail business improved despite lower margins, following an increase of 10% in retail 
sales quantities in the first six months of 2021 and due to a higher contribution from the non-oil 
business. 
The result of the gas business declined by 47% to EUR 95 million in the first six months of 2021 (first 
six months of 2020: EUR 181 million), mainly as a consequence of a lower contribution from the 
storage and supply business. The power business also returned a lower result following unfavorable 
power forward contracts, which could not be offset by higher revenues from the electricity balancing 
market. In the first six months of 2020, earnings were supported by one-off revenue stemming from a 
2019 power price regulation. The divestment of GCA to VERBUND was successfully closed at the end 
of May 2021, leading to a lower contribution. Natural gas sales volumes rose significantly from 80.3 
TWh in the first six months of 2020 to 103.4 TWh in the first six months of 2021, driven by higher 
sales quantities in Germany, the Netherlands, and Belgium, and partially offset by lower ones in 
Romania.

--- Page 240 ---
240 
CHEMICALS & MATERIALS (six months ended 30 June 2021) 
The following table shows certain operational and financial data for the Chemicals & Materials 
business segment.  
Chemicals & Materials / selected operational and financial data 
As of and for the six months  
ended  
30 June 
 
2021 
2020 
 
unaudited 
Total sales (not consolidated) (in EUR million)(1) ..............................................  
5,271 
965 
thereof intersegmental sales (in EUR million) ....................................................  
448 
244 
thereof sales to third parties (in EUR million) ....................................................  
4,823 
721 
Operating Result (in EUR million)  .....................................................................  
1,143 
229 
Polyethylene indicator margin Europe (in EUR/t) ..............................................  
673 
330 
Polypropylene indicator margin Europe (in EUR/t)  ...........................................  
750 
430 
Polyolefin sales volumes (in mn t) ......................................................................  
2.95 
2.87(2) 
 
 
(1) Including intersegmental sales. 
(2) Based on a hypothetical full consolidation view of Borealis for the first six months of 2020 (for illustration purposes only)  
 
(Sources: Issuer's unaudited condensed consolidated interim  financial statements as of and for the six months ended 30 June 
2021 (including the comparative amounts and for the six months ended 30 June 2020)) 
In the first six months of 2021, total sales (not consolidated) for Chemicals & Marketing amounted to 
EUR 5,271 million, a significant increase compared to the first half of 2020, as Borealis was 
consolidated in OMV's financial statements for the first six months of a financial year for the first time 
for the reporting period ended 30 June 2021. 
The Chemicals & Materials Operating Result for the first six months of 2021 reached EUR 1,143 
million, after EUR 229 million in the first six months of 2020, mainly due to substantially higher 
European polyolefin margins, increased polyolefin sales volumes, and positive inventory valuation 
effects. The full consolidation of Borealis also added to the result. 
The contribution of OMV base chemicals increased slightly in the first six months of 2021, compared 
to the reporting period for the first half of 2020, mainly following higher sales volumes. The ethylene 
indicator margin Europe decreased by 6% to EUR 442/t in the first six months of 2021 (first six months 
of 2020: EUR 471/t), while the propylene indicator margin Europe increased by 6% to EUR 407/t in 
the first six months of 2021 (first six months of 2020: EUR 385/t). Both indicator margins were 
impacted by higher naphtha prices compared to the first six months of 2020, whereas the propylene 
indicator margin benefited from strong demand recovery in the automotive sector. 
The utilization rate of the European steam crackers operated by OMV and Borealis improved by 6 
percentage points to 91% in the first six months of 2021, after 85% in the first six months of 2020. An 
unplanned outage at the Stenungsund steam cracker led to a lower utilization rate in the first six months 
of 2020. 
The contribution of Borealis excluding joint ventures soared by EUR 622 million to EUR 701 million  
in the first six months of 2021 (first six months of 2020: EUR 78 million), mainly due to the 
performance of the polyolefin business and increased contribution from the base chemicals business, 
slightly offset by a lower result of the nitrogen business. In the first six months of 2021, the Borealis 
base chemicals business improved following positive inventory valuation effects and a higher 
utilization in the Stenungsund steam cracker, which suffered an unplanned outage in the first half of 
2020. The polyolefin business saw an unprecedented rise in the first six months of 2021, driven by a 
steep increase in margins and higher volumes, which also benefited from positive inventory valuation 
effects. The polyethylene indicator margin Europe more than doubled to EUR 673/t for the first six 
months of 2021 (first six months of 2020: EUR 330 /t) and the polypropylene indicator margin Europe 
also grew substantially by 75% to EUR 750/t in the first six months of 2021, after EUR 430/t for the 
first six months of 2020. Both indicator margins were supported by strong demand in the European 
markets coupled with a tightening supply-demand balance. A heavy maintenance season in the second 
quarter of 2021 limited regional supply, while logistic constraints in the first six months of 2021 
inhibited additional supply from outside of Europe. Polyethylene sales volumes for the first six months 
of 2021 improved by 4% (compared to the first six months of 2020), while polypropylene sales 
volumes grew by 5% for the first six months of 2021, compared to the first six months of 2020. The

--- Page 241 ---
241 
mobility, health care, and energy segments especially drove demand, while volumes in the consumer 
segment declined in the first six months of 2021. The contribution from the nitrogen business was 
lower in the first six months of 2021, compared to the first six months of 2020, due to lower margins, 
driven by substantially higher natural gas prices and lower sales volumes. The first quarter of 2021 was 
negatively impacted by a backlog of sales volumes. These negative effects were partially offset by a 
positive impact stemming from the reclassification as asset held for sale and positive inventory effects. 
The contribution of the Borealis joint ventures amounted to EUR 259 million in the first six months of 
2021 and profited in particular from increased polyolefin prices in the Asian markets and in the United 
States. Polyethylene sales volumes from the joint ventures decreased by 2% for the first six months of 
2021, compared to the same period in 2020, while polypropylene sales volumes remained stable 
compared to the first six months of 2020. Despite strong sales volumes in the first quarter of 2021, 
overall sales volumes for the first six months of 2021 came in slightly below those for the first six 
months of 2020. The slight decline was mainly driven by a shift in orders into the third quarter of 2021 
due to the implementation of an advanced ERP system at Borouge, which went live successfully end of 
June 2021 but caused some delays in shipments. Baystar sales volumes remained stable in the first six 
months of 2021, despite being impacted by the Texas freeze in the first quarter of 2021. 
CAPITAL EXPENDITURE 
Financial year 2020 
Capital expenditure(1) 
Financial year ended  
31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
 
(in EUR million) 
unaudited 
Upstream .............................................................................................................  
1,090 
2,070 
Downstream ........................................................................................................  
4,930(2) 
2,774(2) 
Corporate & Other (Co&O) ................................................................................  
27 
72 
Total ...................................................................................................................  
6,048 
4,916 
 
 
(1) Includes acquisitions as well as equity-accounted investments and other interests; adjusted for capitalised decommissioning 
costs, exploration wells that have not found proven reserves, borrowing costs and other additions which by definition are not 
considered as capital expenditure. 
(2) For 2020, notably the acquisition of an additional 39% stake in Borealis in the fourth quarter of 2020 for USD 4.68 billion 
and, for 2019, the purchase of a 15% stake in ADNOC Refining and Trading joint venture for USD 2.43 billion in the third 
quarter of 2019. 
 
(Sources: Annual Report 2020, internal data) 
 
OMV's capital expenditure in the financial year ended 31 December 2020 amounted to EUR 6,048 
million, a significant increase compared to EUR 4,916 million in the financial year 2019. Whereas 
OMV's capital expenditure in the financial year ended 31 December 2019 was particularly driven by 
the acquisitions of a 15% stake in the ADNOC Refining business as well as the Sapura Upstream 
business in Malaysia, the capital expenditure for 2020 is particularly attributable to the acquisition of 
an additional 39% stake in Borealis in the fourth quarter of 2020 for USD 4.68 billion. 
In the financial year 2020, capital expenditure in the Upstream business segment was significantly cut 
back and amounted to EUR 1,090 million for 2020, after EUR 2,070 million in 2019, following a 
widespread effort by OMV to reduce spending. Capital expenditure in 2019 included the purchase of a 
50% interest in SapuraOMV for USD 540 million. Organic capital expenditure for Upstream was 
primarily directed at projects in Romania, Norway, the United Arab Emirates, and New Zealand. 
Exploration expenditure was EUR 227 million in 2020, and could thus be reduced by 37%, compared 
to 2019. It was mainly related to activities in Norway, New Zealand, Romania, and Malaysia. 
In the financial year 2020, capital expenditure in Downstream significantly increased from EUR 2,774 
million in 2019 to EUR 4,930 million in 2020, mainly as a result of the Borealis acquisition for 
USD 4.68 billion. In 2019, capital expenditure included the acquisition of a 15% stake in ADNOC 
Refining and Trading Joint Venture for USD 2.43 billion. Organic capital expenditure in Downstream 
in 2020 was predominantly related to investments in the European refineries and in Borealis.  
The remaining EUR 27 million of capital expenditure in the year ended 31 December 2020 (2019: 
EUR 72 million) is related to Corporate and Other.

--- Page 242 ---
242 
Six months ended 30 June 2020 and 2021 
Capital expenditure(1) 
Six months ended  
30 June 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(in EUR million) 
unaudited 
Exploration & Production ...................................................................................  
557 
585 
Refining & Marketing .........................................................................................  
217 
225 
Chemicals & Materials .......................................................................................  
366 
31 
Corporate & Other (Co&O) ................................................................................  
12 
13 
Total ...................................................................................................................  
1,152 
855 
 
 
(1) Includes acquisitions as well as equity-accounted investments and other interests; adjusted for capitalised decommissioning 
costs, exploration wells that have not found proven reserves, borrowing costs and other additions which by definition are not 
considered as capital expenditure. 
 
(Sources: Issuer's unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2021 
(including the comparative amounts and for the six months ended 30 June 2020))  
Total capital expenditure of OMV for the first six months of 2021 amounted to EUR 1,152 million, 
following EUR 855 million for the first six months of 2020, and was mainly driven by organic projects, 
with the majority in the Exploration & Production and Chemicals & Materials segments. Organic 
capital expenditure increased by 41% to EUR 1,119 million in the first six months of 2021 (first six 
months of 2020: EUR 795 million) due to the full consolidation of Borealis. 
In the first six months of 2021, capital expenditure including capitalized E&A for Exploration & 
Production was cut back to EUR 557 million, compared to EUR 585 million for the first six months of 
2020, following austerity efforts. Organic capital expenditure was primarily directed at projects in 
Romania, Norway, and the United Arab Emirates. Exploration expenditure amounted to EUR 93 
million in the first six months of 2021, a reduction of 43% compared to the first six months of 2020, 
which was mainly related to activities in Norway and at SapuraOMV. 
Capital expenditure in Refining & Marketing amounted to EUR 217 million for the first six months of 
2021, after EUR 225 million for the first six months of 2020. Organic capital expenditure in the first six 
months of 2021 predominantly related to investments in the European refineries and retail stations. 
Capital expenditure in Chemicals & Materials for the first six months of 2021 amounted to EUR 366 
million, after EUR 31 million in the first six months of 2020. Following the closing of the acquisition 
of an additional 39% stake on 29 October 2020, capital expenditure for the Chemicals & Materials 
segment also includes Borealis. In the first six months of 2021, besides ordinary ongoing business 
investments, organic capital expenditure predominantly related to investments for the construction of 
the new propane dehydrogenation plant in Belgium by Borealis as well as for the turnaround of the 
Phenol and Aromatics units at the Porvoo site. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS  
Gazprom basic sale agreement (Achimov 4A/5A development)  
 
In December 2016, OMV signed a binding basic agreement with Gazprom which provided that 
Gazprom receives a 38.5% stake in OMV Norge, and in exchange OMV receives a 24.98% share in the 
Achimov 4A/5A developments in the Urengoy gas and condensate field in Western Siberia held by 
Gazprom and the German company Wintershall. On 3 October 2018, OMV and Gazprom signed a 
basic sale agreement which provided for a potential acquisition by OMV of the 24.98% interest in the 
Achimov 4A/5A phase development for a purchase price to be negotiated in good faith. Such 
agreement replaced the binding basic agreement signed in December 2016 which provided for a 
potential asset swap. On 6 March 2020, OMV disclosed that OMV and Gazprom signed another 
amendment agreement to the basic sale agreement dated 3 October 2018, which now foresees, in 
particular, an extension of the negotiation phase for the final transaction documents on a non-exclusive 
basis until June 2022. On 26 March 2020, in response to the global spread of the coronavirus, OMV 
announced an action plan under which inter alia investment and acquisition projects totalling EUR 1.5 
billion shall be postponed, including also the interest in the Achimov 4A/5A phase developments. As 
of the date of this Prospectus, the acquisition of Achimov 4A/5A will only be held as an option and will 
only be realized if its value will be attractive from OMV's point of view and OMV's financial 
framework will allow it.

--- Page 243 ---
243 
Uniper purchase agreement (Yuzhno Russkoye development) 
On 5 March 2017, OMV reached an agreement with Uniper SE for the acquisition of 24.99% of the 
economic rights in the production of the Yuzhno Russkoye natural gas field in Western Siberia, Russia. 
OMV's partners in this field are Gazprom and Wintershall. The purchase price amounted to EUR 1,719 
million. As part of the acquisition, OMV took over a contractual position towards Gazprom with regard 
to the reserves determination, which provides for either compensations of Gazprom by OMV or 
compensation of OMV by Gazprom, depending on whether actual amounts of gas reserves turn out to 
be higher or lower than contractually agreed, based on a determination expected to take place in 2023. 
The estimated volume of gas reserves in the field is assumed by OMV to be lower than the 
contractually agreed volume. OMV is also committed to paying an additional consideration for its 
participation in the development and production of certain deeper layers, the amount of such 
consideration to be agreed between OMV and Gazprom. The transaction was closed on 30 November 
2017 and was retroactively effective as of 1 January 2017. OMV's share of the remaining recoverable 
reserves during the license term (lasting until the end of the year 2043) amounts to approximately 580 
mn boe. OMV's share of the daily production is approx.100,000 boe/d. 
Nord Stream 2 financing agreements 
On 24 April 2017, OMV, ENGIE, Shell, Uniper and Wintershall have committed to fund 50% of the 
total costs of up to EUR 9.5 billion for the Nord Stream 2 project, an international gas pipeline with a 
total capacity of 55 billion cubic meters a year and stretching approx. 1,220 km through the Baltic Sea 
from the Russian coast to Germany near Greifswald. OMV's commitment under the financing 
agreements signed with the project company Nord Stream 2 AG, all of which shares are held by 
Gazprom, amounts to up to EUR 950 million or 10% of the total costs. As of June 2021, OMV funded 
the project with approx. EUR 729 million. Gazprom is and is intended to remain the sole shareholder of 
Nord Stream 2 AG.  
OMV's financing of the Nord Stream 2 project is inter alia exposed to political and regulatory 
developments both inside and outside of Europe: On 15 April 2019, the Council of the European Union 
adopted an amendment of the Directive 2009/73/EC which extended the scope of EU energy law to all 
gas transmission lines between an EU member state and a third country, up to the border of the EU 
member states territory and territorial sea. EU member states had to transpose the new rules into 
national law by 24 February 2020. In Germany, the law implementing the new rules in local law 
became effective on 12 December 2019. This law may have a material effect on the Nord Stream 2 
project and/or OMV's financing of the project. 
On 2 August 2017, the President of the United States approved a package of new sanctions, inter alia 
Russia-related sanctions, which had previously been passed by the U.S. Senate in June 2017 and by the 
U.S. House of Representatives in July 2017. In relation to the new U.S. law H.R. 3364, known as the 
"Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act" (the "CAATSA"), which inter alia aims to 
restrict activities concerning crude oil projects and export pipelines of Russian Federation and tightens 
already existing executive order sanctions and gives sanctions extraterritorial effects, certain risks arose 
for OMV. The President of the United States is vested with certain powers and discretion to impose 
sanctions on individually identified persons, irrespective of whether such person is a U.S. person. 
Under the revised US State Department Guidance issued on 15 July 2020, sanctions may be imposed 
under H.R. 3364 for financing activities undertaken after 15 July 2020. OMV did not provide any 
financing after 15 July 2020. Furthermore, the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline project is affected by the 
Secondary Sanctions enacted under the NDAA for the fiscal year 2020 and NDAA for the fiscal year 
2021 (comprising the former PEESA and PEESCA) that primarily target vessels and companies that 
provide vessels for the construction of Nord Stream 2 and suppliers (including insurance companies 
and companies providing port facilities) in relation to such vessels as well as companies that provide 
testing, inspection or certification services for the completion or operation of the pipeline. On 21 July 
2021, US and German diplomats reached a deal in the controversies relating to the Nord Stream 2 
project that shall allow completion of the pipeline. The deal is not yet implemented. However, it cannot 
be excluded that new sanctions or amended interpretations of existing sanctions (in particular sanctions 
under CAATSA and NDAA 2020, respectively NDAA 2021) may have an impact also on the financing 
agreements of OMV in relation to Nord Stream 2. 
Agreement related to the purchase of 39% in Borealis 
On 6 March 2020, by means of publication of inside information in accordance with Article 17 MAR, 
OMV disclosed that OMV and Mubadala Investment Company are negotiating the acquisition of an 
additional 39% share in Borealis AG by OMV for a purchase price of USD 4.68 billion. The 
Supervisory Board of OMV consented to the potential acquisition in its meeting on 11 March 2020.

--- Page 244 ---
244 
Further, on 12 March 2020 OMV disclosed that OMV and Mubadala Investment Company have signed 
an agreement for the acquisition of said 39% share in Borealis by OMV for increasing OMV's 
shareholding in Borealis from 36% to 75%. The closing of the transaction was – at that time – expected 
by the end of 2020 and was subject to regulatory approvals (such as merger control clearances). On 26 
March 2020, by means of publication of inside information in accordance with Article 17 MAR, OMV 
announced that OMV and Mubadala Investment Company have signed an amendment agreement to the 
share purchase agreement for the acquisition of the additional 39% share in Borealis concluded 
between OMV and Mubadala Investment Company on 12 March 2020, pursuant to which the purchase 
price shall be paid by OMV in an amount of USD 2.34 billion at closing of the transaction and in an 
amount of USD 2.34 billion no later than 31 December 2021. OMV had the option to pay the deferred 
amount in full or in part at closing of the transaction or following closing at the end of each month until 
31 December 2021. The closing of the transaction occurred on 29 October 2020. OMV has 
consolidated the results of Borealis in its financial statements for the financial year 2020 for the last 
two months of the year 2020. The transaction is the largest acquisition in OMV's history and is 
supported by a divestment program of several of OMV's assets in an amount of EUR 2 billion by the 
end of 2021, synergies and an active cash flow management. The transaction aims at increasing OMV's 
chemicals business and extending its value chain into polymers, including aiming at an improvement of 
the natural hedge against cyclicality and operational integration. In addition, Borealis' competence in 
waste management and recycling is seen as a support for OMV's strategy to becoming a leader in 
circular economy by OMV's management. 
On 9 April 2020, OMV issued senior bonds with a total volume of EUR 1.75 billion in three tranches, 
the proceeds of which were in particular to be used for the financing of the acquisition of the additional 
39% stake in Borealis. Further, in June 2020, OMV issued senior bonds of in aggregate EUR 1.5 
billion, consisting of two tranches of EUR 750 million each, with terms of three years (coupon of 
0.000%) and ten years (coupon of 0.750%) for further financing of the Borealis acquisition. In addition, 
in September 2020, OMV issued two hybrid bonds of EUR 750 million (coupon of 2.50% until the first 
call date) and EUR 500 million (coupon of 2.875% until the first call date), the proceeds of which were 
also used for the financing of the acquisition.  
LICENSE SYSTEMS  
In the ordinary course of its business, OMV enters into numerous contracts with various entities. In 
connection with its exploration and production activities, OMV is, in particular, dependent on the 
licenses that are necessary to explore, develop and produce crude oil, natural gas liquids and natural 
gas. The terms and conditions of the oil and gas contracts under which OMV is granted the required 
licenses differ from country to country. In some countries, OMV owns the oil and gas it produces and 
pays royalties and/or taxes as consideration therefor (royalty-tax or concessionary system). In other 
countries, ownership of the resources is retained by the state and OMV receives a remuneration or 
reimbursement (contractual system), which in the case of OMV is generally in kind (production sharing 
contracts; as opposed to service contracts, which provide for a cash remuneration).  
The following overview sets forth the license systems as of 30 June 2021, under which OMV operated 
by country: 
 
 License system 
Australia ................................................................................................  Concessionary system 
Austria ...................................................................................................  Concessionary system 
Bulgaria .................................................................................................  Concessionary system 
New Zealand .........................................................................................  Concessionary system 
Norway ..................................................................................................  Concessionary system 
Romania ................................................................................................  Concessionary system 
Russia ....................................................................................................  Concessionary system 
Tunisia ...................................................................................................  Concessionary system 
United Arab Emirates ............................................................................  Concessionary system 
Georgia ..................................................................................................  Production sharing 
Kurdistan Region of Iraq .......................................................................  Production sharing 
Libya .....................................................................................................  Production sharing 
Malaysia ................................................................................................  Production sharing 
Mexico...................................................................................................  Production sharing 
Yemen ...................................................................................................  Production sharing

--- Page 245 ---
245 
(Sources: internal data) 
TREND INFORMATION 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of OMV since 31 December 2020.  
There has been no material change in the Issuer’s borrowing and funding structure since 31 December 
2020.  
RECENT EVENTS  
On 4 February 2021, OMV announced the changes in relation to its corporate structure and segment 
reporting. In addition, the appointment of Alfred Stern as new Executive Board member was 
communicated. The Supervisory Board has approved a reorganization of the Group involving splitting 
and expanding the area of refining and petrochemical operations into two areas: Refining and 
Chemicals & Materials. This structural change facilitates the forward integration in the chemicals 
sector that has been underway ever since OMV acquired a majority stake in Borealis. With this change, 
OMV considers itself consistently positioned across the entirety of its expanded value chain and can 
bundle all relevant responsibilities for petrochemicals and chemicals in a single board division. In 
addition, on the same day, OMV announced that the Supervisory Board has appointed Alfred Stern as 
Executive Board member for Chemicals & Materials, with the changes to be taking effect as of 1 April 
2021. 
On 4 February 2021, OMV published an update on its disposal program, which was initially published 
in March 2020 as a reaction to the COVID-19 pandemic and provides for disposals of EUR 2 billion 
until the end of 2021. As of February 2021, OMV had signed three divestment transactions leading to a 
deleveraging effect of more than EUR 1 billion in 2021: the sale of the 51% stake in the gas logistics 
subsidiary GCA, which was closed in May 2021, the sale of the OMV filling station business in 
Germany and the sale of the Upstream business in Kazakhstan, which was closed on 14 May 2021. The 
closing of the divestment of OMV's filling station business in Germany is expected in 2021 - subject to 
the required regulatory approvals. Further, OMV announced a second disposal package with two 
divestments: The divestment of OMV's business in Slovenia, where OMV operates 120 filling stations 
under the OMV, Eurotruck, Avanti and Diskont brands. With its limited integration within the 
Downstream oil value chain, OMV considers the divestment of this business to represent a further step 
in OMV's portfolio optimization. On 8 June 2021, OMV published that OMV and MOL Group reached 
an agreement for MOL Group to acquire OMV Slovenia. In addition, Borealis decided to start a 
process of divesting its nitrogen business unit including fertilizer, technical nitrogen and melamine 
products. Borealis' share in fertilizer production sites in The Netherlands and Belgium (Rosier) is not 
presently being considered within the potential sales process. OMV announced that Borealis will 
continue to focus on its core activities of providing innovative solutions in the fields of polyolefins and 
base chemicals, thus extending OMV's value chain towards higher value chemical products and the 
transformation towards a circular economy. Finally, OMV disclosed that it will announce a third 
package of divestments later in 2021. 
On 5 February 2021, OMV published that the supervisory board of Borealis has appointed Thomas 
Gangl as member of the management board and chief executive officer of Borealis, taking over the role 
from Alfred Stern. Thomas Gangl was member of the Executive Board of OMV AG and responsible 
for refining & petrochemical operations. As subsequently published by OMV on 25 March 2021, 
Thomas Gangl took over the role as of 1 April 2021. 
On 15 February 2021, OMV announced a joint investment in the construction of Austria’s largest 
electrolysis plant in the OMV Schwechat Refinery. The total investment will be around EUR 25 
million, with OMV and Kommunalkredit each bearing half the cost. The plant is expected to go live in 
the second half of 2023. From this point, the 10 MW PEM (polymer electrolyte membrane) electrolysis 
will produce up to 1,500 metric tons of green hydrogen a year. The green hydrogen will be used to 
hydrogenate bio-based and fossil fuels, substituting grey hydrogen in the refinery. This would reduce 
OMV's carbon footprint by up to 15,000 metric tons of fossil CO2 annually, and enables by using green 
hydrogen more than 17 million CO2 emission free bus or truck kilometers each year. 
On 4 March 2021, OMV announced its plan to invest in second-generation biofuel production. OMV 
plans to build a pilot plant at its Schwechat Refinery which will produce second-generation biofuels 
from 2023 using a patented process developed inhouse. The plant involves advanced biofuels that are 
not in competition with foodstuffs. A typical refining process will see the waste-based substance 
glycerin turned into bio-alcohol, which when added to gasoline reduces its CO2 footprint.

--- Page 246 ---
246 
On 22 March 2021, OMV reported that the new ISO C4 plant in Burghausen, Germany, starts 
production. With the commissioning of its new ISO C4 plant at the Burghausen site, the collaboration 
between OMV and the world’s largest chemical company, BASF, has reached a new milestone. The 
plant is based on a novel technology developed jointly by the two companies and has been producing 
high-purity isobutene since the end of 2020. The plant provides for energy efficiency and saves 20,000 
metric tons of CO2 emissions per year. The plant’s production capacity is 60,000 t/a. Investment 
volume for the project including auxiliary facilities was EUR 64 million. Construction on the plant had 
started in the summer of 2019. 
Following the announcement related to appointment of Alfred Stern as Executive Board Member as of 
1 April 2021, which was published in February 2021, on 25 March 2021 OMV announced that Alfred 
Stern heads the newly formed division Chemicals & Materials in his role as Executive Board member 
of OMV starting on 1 April 2021.  
On 16 April 2021, OMV published that the Supervisory Board has appointed Martijn van Koten, 
executive board member for base chemicals and operations at Borealis, as new Executive Board 
member responsible for the Refining division of OMV and that Martijn van Koten has accepted the 
appointment. He will assume the position depending on his availability, at the latest with effect from 1 
July 2021 for a three-year period, with an extension option for further two years, subject to mutual 
consent.  
On 26 April 2021, by means of public disclosure of inside information according to Article 17 MAR, 
OMV announced that the Chairman of the Executive Board and CEO of OMV, Rainer Seele, has 
notified the Chairman of the Supervisory Board Mark Garrett that he will not make use of the extension 
option for service as Executive Board for one additional year. The agreed term of office would 
therefore end automatically on 30 June 2022, OMV issued a public disclosure of inside information 
according to Article 17 MAR in relation thereto. 
On 30 April 2021, OMV published that SapuraOMV Upstream (Malaysia) Inc ("SapuraOMV"), has 
agreed to sell its entire interests, under SOMV Upstream (PM) Inc. in various producing assets, located 
offshore Peninsular Malaysia to Jadestone Energy PLC, a Singapore-based, London-listed, an 
independent oil and gas company. These producing assets are PM323, PM329, PM318 and AAKBNLP 
Production Sharing Contracts. The agreed purchase price is USD 9 million, subject to closing 
adjustments. There are also contingent payments of up to USD 6 million dependent on certain oil price 
criteria being met. The effective date of the transaction is 1 January 2021. SapuraOMV's average year-
to-date net entitlement production of the relevant assets is around 6,000 boe/d. The closing of the 
transaction was subject to regulatory approval from PETRONAS and preemption rights by the joint 
venture partner in the relevant assets (PETRONAS Carigali Sdn. Bhd). On 2 August 2021, OMV 
announced the closing of the transaction.  
On 17 May 2021, OMV announced the closing of the sale transaction for Petrom's 100% shareholding 
in Kom-Munai LLP ("KOM") and Tasbulat Oil Corporation LLP ("TOC") in Kazakhstan to Magnetic 
Oil Limited. KOM and TOC hold the production licenses for four onshore fields, respectively 
Komsomolskoe, Aktas, Tasbulat and Turkmenoi. The transaction is part of Petrom’s strategy to focus 
its regional expansion towards the Black Sea area. Petrom announced the signing of the transaction on 
29 December 2020. The impact from the transaction on Petrom’s operational indicators is limited, as 
Kazakhstan operations represented only a small part of Petrom’s overall portfolio. In 2020, the 
cumulated daily production of the four fields was 6.76 kboe/d, representing 4.7% of the Group 
production, while the 1P reserves of 21.8 mn boe accounted for 4.6% of Group reserves. Petrom 
entered the Upstream sector in Kazakhstan in 1998. All fields are located in the Mangistau region of 
West Kazakhstan near the Caspian Sea. The four onshore fields cover a total area of 86.52 km², 
including approximately 75 wells, production facilities and 200 km of pipelines. 
On 31 May 2021, OMV announced the closing of the sale of OMV's 51% stake in GCA to VERBUND 
AG. The purchase price agreed amounts to EUR 271 million, less dividend payouts for the 2020 
business year totaling around EUR 33 million (for the 51% OMV interest). In addition, VERBUND 
AG assumes the outstanding liabilities of GCA to OMV of around EUR 212 million. Under the 
conditions of the purchase agreement, VERBUND AG has paid approximately EUR 451 million to 
OMV. OMV has settled a cash-pool liability to a subsidiary of GCA of around EUR 7 million. This 
transaction reduces OMV's debt by around EUR 592 million. This debt relief is based on the 
transaction price for 51% of shares in GCA plus the shareholder loan that has been consolidated in full 
by OMV until closing of the transaction. In addition, VERBUND AG has assumed GCA’s outstanding 
cash-pool liabilities to OMV.

--- Page 247 ---
247 
Following the publications as of 4 February 2021 and 25 March 2021 in relation to the appointment of 
Alfred Stern as new Executive Board member of OMV with effect as of 1 April 2021, on 1 June 2021, 
by means of public disclosure of inside information according to Article 17 MAR, OMV announced 
that the Supervisory Board appointed Alfred Stern as the new Chairman of the Executive Board and 
CEO of OMV. Alfred Stern has accepted the appointment. He will assume the position with effect from 
1 September 2021 for a three-year period with an extension option for further two years subject to 
mutual consent. The current Chairman of the Executive Board and CEO of OMV Rainer Seele will 
resign from his position in the Executive Board by mutual agreement on 31 August 2021. 
On 2 June 2021, the Annual General Meeting of OMV AG took place in the form of a virtual 
shareholders meeting in view of containment measures against COVID-19. The Annual General 
Meeting inter alia resolved on a dividend payment of EUR 1.85 per share for 2020, on a remuneration 
report for the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board for 2020, the Long Term Incentive Plan 
2021 and the Equity Deferral 2021. In addition, Saeed Al Mazrouei was elected as a new member of 
the Supervisory Board. 
On 8 June 2021, OMV published that OMV and MOL Group reached an agreement for MOL Group to 
acquire OMV Slovenia. The agreement encompasses 120 filling stations as well as OMV's wholesale 
business in Slovenia. The transaction is subject to required regulatory approvals and closing is expected 
in 2022. The agreed purchase price amounts to EUR 301 million (100% share). As part of the 
agreement, MOL Group will assume outstanding lease liabilities resulting in a total enterprise value for 
the business of approximately EUR 346 million. The purchase price is subject to customary net 
working capital and net debt adjustments. This transaction will reduce OMV's debt by approx. 
EUR 290 million before consideration of taxes from OMV's perspective (92.25% share), which will 
have a positive impact on OMV's gearing. 
On 1 July 2021, Borealis announced it has acquired a 10% minority stake in Belgium-based creator of 
the Smart Chain Processing (SCP) concept Renasci N.V. to jointly develop novel recycling solutions. 
The partnership is seen by OMV as a key enabler for Borealis to realise its ambitions to bring circular 
base chemicals and polyolefins to market, and to deliver on its promise to bring 350 kilotons of 
recycled polyolefins into circulation by 2025. 
On 2 August 2021, SapuraOMV announced the closing of the transaction to sell its entire interests, held 
by SapuraOMV Upstream (PM) Inc. in various producing assets, located offshore Peninsular Malaysia 
to Jadestone Energy PLC, a Singapore-based, London-listed independent oil and gas company. These 
producing assets are stakes in the PM323, PM329, PM318 and AAKBNLP Production Sharing 
Contracts. 
In August 2021, OMV published the convocation of an extraordinary general meeting to be held on 
10 September 2021 as requested by OMV's shareholder ÖBAG with the election of a member of the 
Supervisory Board as sole agenda item. ÖBAG proposes Mag. Dr. Christine Catasta as a candidate for 
the Supervisory Board of OMV with effect from the end of the extraordinary general meeting 2021 
until the end of the general meeting resolving on the discharge for the financial year 2023. 
 
HEALTH, SAFETY, SECURITY AND ENVIRONMENT 
Each of the Group's companies is subject to laws and (compliance) regulations with respect to 
protection of the environment and employee health and safety in the countries in which the Group 
operates. In addition to laws and regulations, there is also an increasingly higher expectation and 
demand from the society and the marketplace to improve HSSE standards. OMV accepts occupational 
health, occupational and workplace safety, process safety, security, asset integrity and effective 
environmental protection as integral parts for its operations and key values at OMV. The integrity of 
OMV's operating facilities, loss prevention, proactive risk management, and acting on climate change 
mitigation are essential for reaching OMV's HSSE goal of "ZERO harm – NO losses".  
To achieve this vision, the OMV's HSSE Strategy 2025 (the "HSSE Strategy") was established as an 
integral part of OMV's Sustainability Strategy. The HSSE Strategy focuses on the cross-functional 
goals of strong HSSE commitment and leadership, increased efficiency and effectiveness of HSSE 
processes, management of HSSE risks and competent people, as well as subject matter goals in the 
areas of: 
 
Health: Improve the ability to work through integrated health management. 
 
Safety: Build on sustainable safety for people and plants.

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
Security: Protect people and assets from emerging malicious intentional threats. 
 
Environment: Minimize the environmental footprint throughout the entire lifecycle of 
activities. 
Health, safety and security 
The combined LTIR for own employees and contractors amounted to 0.32 per million work hours in 
2020 after 0.34 in 2019. The LTIR for own employees decreased from 0.51 in 2019 to 0.43 in 2020 and 
the LTIR for contractors remained stable at 0.27 in 2019 and 2020. OMV had no work-related fatalities 
in 2020. 
The combined total recordable injury rate ("TRIR") for own employees and contractors in 2020 
amounted to 0.60 (2019: 0.95) per million work hours. The TRIR for own employees decreased to 0.83 
in 2020 after 1.26 in 2019. The TRIR for the contractors decreased in 2020 to 0.48 following a TRIR 
for contractors in 2019 of 0.81. 
Employees’ well-being and health are the foundation for successful company performance as they are 
core elements of ensuring the ability to work. The year 2020 was dominated by the worldwide COVID-
19 pandemic. In 2020, OMV's medical teams and service providers were challenged to support the 
emergency management teams in updating and implementing pandemic preparedness plans, guidelines, 
and health information and supporting COVID-19-infected employees at home and in hospitals. In 
2020, OMV continued its long tradition of offering healthcare and preventive health programs, such as 
cardiovascular disease prevention programs, voluntary health checks, vaccinations (mainly flu), and 
virtual health hours. 
During 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic also brought significant challenges to safety management. At 
operational level, OMV implemented protection measures such as strictly separated teams in key areas, 
hygiene measures, and constant awareness building. Despite travel limitations and thanks to digital 
communication and collaboration tools, OMV conducted a number of key safety-related activities such 
as  
 
roll-out of a newly develop e-learning module about the Life Saving Rules to remind our 
employees about simple rules to prevent hazards that carry the greatest potential for serious 
injuries; 
 
completion of Safety Culture reassessments; 
 
meetings of coordinators of the safety culture program in a virtual forum; 
 
training of beneficiaries and procurement staff on the updated internal regulations framework 
in relation to contractor HSSE management; 
 
introduction of a harmonized set of key performance indicators for process safety; an 
 
roll-out of the new cloud-based HSSE reporting tool. 
Tensions in the geopolitical landscape remained at a consistent baseline at the close of 2020, with all 
threat and risk profiles confirming previously known trends and patterns. OMV continues to monitor 
these geopolitical situations, accelerating our understanding of strategic events to proactively identify 
any emergent threat and risk profiles that might intersect with our regional business planning. This 
included incidents of armed conflict, civil unrest, targeted activism, and criminality which have 
manifested at local, national, regional, and international levels. The Middle East continues to maintain 
a consistent geopolitical trajectory and therefore remains a crucial region for Corporate Security. 
Crisis management and resilience procedures proved invaluable during the early containment phases of 
the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic. Local emergency management teams worked closely with their 
corporate management team to execute the Executive Board’s pandemic strategy. OMV's integrated 
travel security platform manage and, where required, restricted travel to specific countries as they 
became subject to heightened infection rates and international travel restrictions in 2020. Corporate 
Security continued to deliver global operational support, governance, and oversight throughout 2020, 
and will maintain a comparable and effective security strategy for 2021.  
Environmental management 
Due to the nature of its operations, OMV has an impact on the environment. OMV strives to minimize 
that impact at all times, particularly in the areas of spills, energy efficiency, greenhouse gas ("GHG") 
emissions, and water and waste management. OMV strives to optimize processes to use natural 
resources as efficiently as possible and to reduce emissions and discharges.

--- Page 249 ---
249 
In 2020, there were two major hydrocarbon spills (level 3 out of five levels. 2019: none). The total 
volume of hydrocarbon spilled in 2020 decreased, compared to 2019. OMV continued to improve its 
oil spill response preparedness and capabilities.  
Key environmental actions and achievements in 2020 included the following: 
 
Water risk assessment related to the operations of Arpechim Terminal in Downstream and 
Muntenia Asset in Upstream: Both the river basin data and the industrial activity data were 
analyzed by using a methodology developed by the World Wide Fund for Nature; 
 
Significant improvement of water use efficiency: At Oltenia Asset, freshwater withdrawal 
intensity decreased by 70% in 2020 versus 2019 because new facilities in the Hurezani and 
Bustuchin gas processing and compressor stations now use air/glycol cooling instead of water 
cooling. Arpechim Terminal was able to reduce freshwater withdrawal by 35% compared to 
2019 by optimizing the pretreated water distribution system and the fire water system; 
 
Rerouting of 2.5 km of the main oil pipeline from the Petromar offshore platform to the 
onshore terminal to mitigate the potential operational risk to an environmentally sensitive area 
of the Danube Delta Biosphere Reserve: The old pipeline segment was decommissioned, and 
the land returned to its original state. The protected habitat was not affected; 
 
Support of biodiversity projects in New Zealand; and 
 
Update of the Group's Environmental Management Standard establishing minimum 
requirements for odor emissions. 
MANAGEMENT OF OMV AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT  
The Issuer has a two-tier management and oversight structure, consisting of the executive board 
(Vorstand) (the "Executive Board") and the supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat) (the "Supervisory 
Board"). The Executive Board is responsible for managing OMV's business and represents OMV in 
dealings with third parties. The Supervisory Board is responsible for appointing and removing the 
members of the Executive Board and supervising the business conducted by the Executive Board. 
Although the Supervisory Board does not actively manage the group, both the Austrian Stock 
Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) and the Issuer's Articles of Association, together with the Executive 
Board's internal rules of procedure (Geschäftsordnung), require the consent of the Supervisory Board 
or one of its committees before the Executive Board takes certain actions. The Issuer's overall strategy 
is presented to the Supervisory Board at meetings entirely devoted to discussing major projects. 
The current business address of each of the members of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board is 
Trabrennstraße 6-8, 1020 Vienna, Austria. 
Executive Board (Vorstand) 
The Executive Board may consist of between two and six members who are appointed by the 
Supervisory Board for a term of up to five years. Currently, the Executive Board consists of and the 
principal activities of the members outside of the Issuer and the Group to the Issuer's knowledge are:  
Name 
Date of initial 
appointment 
Function 
Principal activities performed 
outside the Issuer and the Group 
Rainer Seele(1) 
1 July 2015 
Executive Board chairman 
and chief executive officer, 
responsible for the overall 
management and 
coordination of the Group  
Industriellenvereinigung (Federation 
of Austrian Industries) (member of 
the executive board), Wien (Vienna); 
Deutsch-Russische 
Auslandshandelskammer (German-
Russian Chamber of Foreign Trade) 
(president); International Business 
Congress (vice president) 
Alfred Stern(1) 
1 April 2021 
Executive Board member 
and executive officer 
chemicals & materials, 
responsible for the division 
Chemicals & Materials 
 
European Chemical Industry 
Counscil (CEFIC) (member of the 
board) 
 
 
 
Johann Pleininger  
1 September 2015 
Executive Board member, 
deputy chief executive 
officer and executive 
officer exploration & 
production, responsible for 
FK Austria Wien AG (member of 
the supervisory board)

--- Page 250 ---
250 
Exploration & Production 
Reinhard Florey 
1 July 2016 
Executive Board member 
and chief financial officer, 
responsible for Finance 
Wiener Börse AG (member of the 
supervisory board); Alfred Umdasch 
Privatstiftung (member of the 
foundation board) 
Elena Skvortsova  
15 June 2020 
Executive Board member, 
executive officer marketing 
& trading, executive officer 
refining (interim) 
 
Not applicable  
 
 
Martijn van 
Koten(2) 
1 July 2021 
Executive Board member, 
executive officer refining, 
responsible for the division 
Refining 
Not applicable 
 
 
(1) On 26 April 2021, by means of public disclosure of inside information according to Art 17 MAR, OMV announced that the 
Chairman of the Executive Board and CEO of OMV, Rainer Seele, has notified the Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
Mark Garrett that he will not make use of the extension option for one additional year and that the current term of his office 
would automatically end on 30 June 2022. On 1 June 2021, OMV published that the Supervisory Board of OMV AG has 
appointed Alfred Stern as the new Chairman of the Executive Board and CEO of OMV AG. He will assume the position 
with effect from 1 September 2021 for a three-year period with an extension option for further two years subject to mutual 
consent. In addition, OMV AG published that Rainer Seele will resign from his position in the Executive Board by mutual 
agreement on 31 August 2021. 
(2) On 16 April 2021, OMV announced that the Supervisory Board of OMV AG has appointed Martijn van Koten as the new 
Executive Board member responsible for the Refining division of OMV. Martijn van Koten has accepted the appointment. 
He assumed the position with effect from 1 July 2021 for a three-year period, with an extension option for further two years, 
subject to mutual consent. 
 
(Sources: internal data, company register excerpts) 
 
On 4 February 2021, OMV announced that the Supervisory Board of OMV AG has approved a 
reorganization of the OMV Group involving splitting and expanding the area of Refining & 
Petrochemical Operations into the two areas Refining and Chemicals & Materials. In addition, the 
Supervisory Board of OMV AG has appointed Alfred Stern as Executive Board member for Chemicals 
& Materials as of 1 April 2021 for a period of three years with an extension option of an additional two 
years.  
On 16 April 2021, OMV announced that the Supervisory Board of OMV AG has appointed Martijn 
van Koten as the new Executive Board member responsible for the Refining division of OMV. Martijn 
van Koten has accepted the appointment. 
On 1 June 2021, OMV published that the Supervisory Board of OMV AG has appointed Alfred Sterns 
the new Chairman of the Executive Board and CEO of OMV AG; in addition, OMV AG published that 
Rainer Seele will resign from his position in the Executive Board by mutual agreement on 31 August 
2021. 
Supervisory Board (Aufsichtsrat) 
Pursuant to the Articles of Association, the Supervisory Board must consist of at least six members 
elected by the Issuer's shareholders. Two thirds of the members are elected by the Issuer's shareholders 
and one third is appointed by the Issuer's works council. The current members of the Supervisory 
Board and the principal activities of the members outside of the Issuer and the Group to the Issuer's 
knowledge are: 
Name 
Date of initial 
election/appointment 
Function 
Principal activities performed 
outside the Issuer and the Group 
Mark Garrett  
Initially elected in the 
AGM of 29 September 
2020 
Supervisory Board 
chairman, Presidential and 
Nomination Committee 
chairman, Audit Committee 
member, Remuneration 
Committee deputy 
chairman, Portfolio and 
Project Committee member 
Marquard & Bahls AG, Germany 
(chief executive officer); Axalta 
Coating Systems, USA (chairman of 
the board); UMICORE, Belgium 
(member of the supervisory board)  
 
Saeed Al 
Mazrouei 
Initially elected at the 
AGM of 2 June 2021 
Supervisory Board deputy 
chairman, Presidential and 
Nomination Committee 
deputy chairman, 
Mubadala Investment Company 
PJSC, Abu Dhabi (deputy chief 
executive officer, direct 
investments); Compania Espanola de

--- Page 251 ---
251 
Remuneration Committee 
deputy chairman, Portfolio 
and Project Committee 
deputy chairman, 
Petroleos, S.A.U., Spain (member of 
the board of directors); Abu Dhabi 
Commercial Bank, Abu Dhabi 
(member of the board of directors); 
Abu Dhabi Retirement Pension & 
Benefits Fund, Abu Dhabi (member 
of the board of directors); Modon 
Properties PJSC, Abu Dhabi 
(member of the board of directors) 
 
Alyazia Ali Al 
Kuwaiti 
 
Elected in the AGM of 
22 May 2018; served 
as Supervisory Board 
member before 
between 2008 and 
2016  
 
Supervisory Board second 
deputy chairwoman, 
Presidential and Nomination 
Committee second deputy 
chairwoman, Audit 
Committee second deputy 
chairwoman, Portfolio and 
Project Committee second 
deputy chairwoman, 
Remuneration Committee 
second deputy chairwoman 
 
Mubadala Investment Company 
PJSC (executive director upstream & 
integrated, Petroleum & 
Petrochemicals); Mubadala – 
Petroleum & Petrochemicals 
platform U.A.E (member of the 
board); Compania Espanola de 
Petroleos, S.A.U., Spain (member of 
the board of directors); Securities 
and Commodities Authority, U.A.E. 
(member of the board of directors); 
Abu Dhabi Fund for Development, 
U.A.E. (member of the board of 
directors); Senaat General Holding 
Corporation, U.A.E. (member of the 
board of directors);  
Stefan Doboczky 
Initially elected in the 
AGM of 14 May 2019 
Supervisory Board member; 
Portfolio and Project 
Committee member 
Lenzing AG, Austria (chief 
executive officer) 
Karl Rose 
 
Initially elected in the 
AGM of 18 May 2016 
Supervisory Board member, 
Portfolio and Project 
Committee chairman 
Karl-Franzens University of Graz, 
Austria (professor for strategic 
management and applied business 
economics); Energie Steiermark AG, 
Austria (deputy chairman of the 
supervisory board); Technical 
University of Graz, Austria 
(chairman of the research and 
development council); Stiftung 
Energie & Klimaschutz Baden-
Württemberg, Germany (council 
member); Strategy Lab GmbH 
(managing director); Abu Dhabi 
National Oil Company (ADNOC), 
U.A.E (strategy advisor) 
Elisabeth Stadler 
Initially elected in the 
AGM of 14 May 2019 
Supervisory Board member, 
Audit Committee first 
deputy chairwoman 
VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP 
AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe 
(chief executive officer and 
chairwoman of the executive board); 
Voestalpine AG (member of the 
supervisory board); WIENER 
STÄDTISCHE VERSICHERUNG 
AG Vienna Insurance (deputy 
chairwoman of the supervisory 
board); DONAU Versicherung AG 
Vienna Insurance Group 
(chairwoman of the supervisoy 
board); Österreichische Gesellschaft 
für Versicherungsfachwissen 
(president); Aktuarvereinigung 
Österreichs (member of the advisory 
board); Institute of Science and 
Technology Austria (member of the 
board of trustees); Verein "Wir 
Niederösterreicher in Wien" (deputy 
chairwoman); Gesellschaft der 
Freunde der bildenden Künste 
(member of the executive board);

--- Page 252 ---
252 
Kooperativa pojišťovna a.s. Vienna 
Insurance Group (Prague) 
(chairwoman of the supervisory 
board); Ceska podnikatelska 
pojistovna, a.s., Vienna Insurance 
Group (Prague) (deputy chairwoman 
of the supervisory board); VIG RE 
zajišťovna, a.s. (Prague) (deputy 
chairwoman of the supervisory 
board); Wiener Towarzystwo 
Ubezpiezen Spolka Akcyjna Vienna 
Insurance Group (deputy 
chairwoman of the supervisory 
board); Compensa Towarzystwo 
Ubezpieczeń na Życie S.A. 
(Warsaw) (deputy chairwoman of the 
supervisory board); Compensa 
Towarzystwo Ubezpieczeń S.A. 
Vienna (Warsaw) (deputy 
chairwoman of the supervisory 
board); InterRisk Towarzystwo 
Ubezpieczeń S.A. Vienna (Warsaw) 
(deputy chairwoman of the 
supervisory board); Vienna Life 
Towarzystwo Ubezpieczeń na Życie 
S.A. (Warsaw) (deputy chairwoman 
of the supervisory board); Vienna 
Insurance Group Polska Spółka z 
ograniczoną (Warsaw) (chairwoman 
of the supervisory board); 
Österreichisches Rotes Kreuz (vice 
president); FH Campus Wien (vice 
president) 
Christoph 
Swarovski 
Initially elected in the 
AGM of 14 May 2019 
Supervisory Board member, 
Remuneration Committee 
member 
Tyrolit – Schleifmittelwerke 
Swarovski KG, Austria (managing 
partner/personally liable 
shareholder); Tysa Holding SA, 
Switzerland (member of the board of 
directors); Tyrolit AG, Austria 
(member of the executive board, 
chief executive officer); Tyrolit 
Hydrostress AG, Switzerland 
(member of the board of directors); 
Nestag Diamant- und Schleiftechnik 
AG, Switzerland (member of the 
board of directors), Tyrolit S.R.L., 
Italy (chairman of the board of 
directors); Tyrolit (SA), Belgium 
(member of the board of directors); 
Tyrolit Oy, Finland (member of the 
board of directors); Tyrolit AB, 
Sweden (member of the board of 
directors); Tyrolit AS, Norway 
(member of the board of directors); 
Tyrolit A/S, Denmark (member of 
the board of directors); Isaria Shelf, 
s.r.o., Czech Republic (member of 
the supervisory board); Tyrolit 
Baltics OÜ, Estland (member of the 
board of directors); Tyrolit Olympus 
Co., Ltd., Thailand (member of the 
board of directors); Tyrolit Thai 
Diamond Co., Ltd.. Thailand 
(member of the board of directors); 
Tyrolit (Thailand) Co., Ltd., 
Thailand (member of the board of 
directors); Tyrolit Limited, Hong 
Kong (member of the board of

--- Page 253 ---
253 
directors); Tyrolit Middle East FZE, 
UAE (member of the board of 
directors); Bibielle SpA, Italy 
(president of the board of directors); 
Tyrolit Schleifmittelwerke 
Swarovski KG, Austria (member of 
the advisory board); Daniel 
Swarovski KG (member of the 
advisory board); Swarovski Optik 
KG (member of the advisory board) 
Cathrine Trattner 
Initially elected in the 
AGM of 14 May 2019 
Supervisory Board member, 
Audit Committee member  
Investa Holding GmbH, Eschborn 
(head of corporate accounting & 
tax); Cathrine Trattner (self-
employed tax consultant); University 
of Veterinary Medicine, Vienna, 
Austria (member of the university 
council) 
Gertrude Tumpel-
Gugerell 
Initially elected in the 
AGM of 19 May 2015 
Supervisory Board member, 
Audit Committee 
chairwoman, Remuneration 
Committee member 
Vienna Insurance Group (member of 
the supervisory board); 
Commerzbank AG, Germany 
(member of the supervisory board); 
AT & S Austria Technologie & 
Systemtechnik AG, Austria (member 
of the supervisory board); Austrian 
Research Promotion Agency 
(chairwoman of the supervisory 
board); Austrian Institute of 
Economic Research (associate); 
 
 
 
 
Angela Schorna 
Initially appointed in 
2018 
Supervisory Board member 
(delegated by the Group 
works council), Audit 
Committee member  
Not applicable 
Herbert Lindner 
Initially appointed in 
2013 
Supervisory Board member 
(delegated by the Group 
works council), Portfolio 
and Project Committee 
member 
Not applicable 
 
 
 
 
Gerhard Singer 
Initially appointed in 
2016 
Supervisory Board member 
(delegated by the Group 
works council), Audit 
Committee member  
 
Not applicable 
 
 
 
Nicole 
Schachenhofer 
Initially appointed in 
2021 
Supervisory Board member 
(delegated by the Group 
works council), Portfolio 
and Project Committee 
member 
 
Not applicable 
 
 
Hubert Bunderla 
Initially appointed in 
2021 
Supervisory Board member 
(delegated by the Group 
works council), Presidential 
and Nomination Committee 
member, Audit Committee 
member, Portfolio and 
Project Committee member 
Not applicable 
 
 
 
 
 (Sources: internal data, company register excerpts) 
 
Corporate Governance, Board Practices and Conflict of Interests 
The Austrian Corporate Governance Code was published by the Austrian Working Group on Corporate 
Governance, a group of private organisations and individuals in 2002 and has been amended most

--- Page 254 ---
254 
recently in January 2021. The code is publicly accessible at www.corporate-governance.at. The 
Austrian Corporate Governance Code primarily applies to Austrian stock-market-listed companies that 
undertake to adhere to its principles. In addition, the Vienna Stock Exchange requires compliance with 
the Austrian Corporate Governance Code under provisions applicable for companies the shares of 
which are traded in the prime market segment. The Austrian Corporate Governance Code is based on 
statutory provisions of Austrian corporate law, securities law and capital markets law ("Legal 
Requirements", "L-Rules"). In addition, the Austrian Corporate Governance Code contains rules 
considered to be a part of common international practice, such as the principles set out in the OECD 
Principles of Corporate Governance and the recommendations of the European Commission. Non-
compliance with these rules must be explained ("Comply or Explain", "C-Rules"). The Austrian 
Corporate Governance Code also contains rules that are voluntary and do not require explanation in the 
case of deviations ("Recommendation", "R-Rules"). 
OMV AG currently complies in full, including R-Rules, with the Austrian Corporate Governance 
Code. OMV's compliance with the Austrian Corporate Governance Code in 2020 was evaluated 
externally by an external law firm.  
As for C-Rules 27 and 28, an explanation concerning the variable remuneration components is 
provided in the corresponding section in the remuneration policy for the Executive Board as resolved 
by the Annual General Meeting on 29 September 2020: Pursuant to C-Rules 27 and 28 of the Austrian 
Corporate Governance Code, for the variable remuneration components, measurable performance 
criteria are fixed in advance and may not be changed thereafter. Given the industry-inherent volatility 
of commodity prices and market conditions, political country risks as well as an increased safety 
exposure, OMV's variable remuneration plans give the Supervisory Board and the Remuneration 
Committee, respectively, in line with the general practice in the oil and gas industry, the authority to 
adjust the threshold, target, and maximum levels accordingly based on the actual oil/gas price, the 
exchange rate, force majeure events, or externally imposed production limitations etc. compared to 
assumptions at the time of target setting in case of material changes in external influences (Financial 
Targets Modifier). The adjustment is possible in both directions and will be determined by the 
Remuneration Committee.   
In accordance with C-rule 27a of the Austrian Corporate Governance Code, the employment contracts 
with members of the Executive Board provide that settlement payments in the event of premature 
termination of such contracts without a material breach shall not exceed the amount set forth in the 
Austrian Corporate Governance Code (maximum of two years annual pay). For contracts concluded 
after July 2015, settlement payments in the event of termination within the contract period have been 
reduced to 18 months’ pay and have been limited to fixed salary only. No settlement payment is made 
if the Executive Board member terminates the contract prematurely.  
Pursuant to C-rule 36, the Supervisory Board shall discuss the efficiency of its activities annually, in 
particular its organization and work procedures (self-evaluation). As provided for in the rules of 
procedure of the Supervisory Board (based on the obligation pursuant to the Articles of Association to 
provide for committees), the Supervisory Board maintains the following committees: 
The Presidential and Nomination Committee: The Presidential and Nomination Committee is 
authorised to take decisions on matters of urgency. The Supervisory Board may transfer other duties 
and powers of approval to the Presidential and Nomination Committee on an ad-hoc or permanent 
basis. A delegation has to be supported by reasons. In its capacity as the Nomination Committee, this 
body makes proposals to the Supervisory Board for the appointment or replacement of Executive Board 
members and deals with succession planning. It also supports with recommendations regarding the 
appointments to the Supervisory Board resolved by general shareholders meetings. There were five 
meetings of the Presidential and Nomination Committee in 2020, in which discussions focused on 
Executive and Supervisory Board matters. 
The Audit Committee: The Audit Committee is established and responsible according to § 92 para 4a 
Austrian Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) inter alia to review and prepare the adoption of the 
annual accounts, the proposal for the distribution of profits, the situation report ("Directors' report") and 
the consolidated accounts. Furthermore, it deals with the internal control system, the risk management 
and the auditor's report about risk management, and it reports on this to the Supervisory Board. Finally, 
the committee deals with the work and results of the group auditor, with the selection of the group 
auditor in view of the appropriateness of the group auditor's fees and the recommendation to the 
supervisory board for selection of the group auditor. The Audit Committee also reviews and supervises 
the independence of the group auditor. The members of the Audit Committee possess the necessary 
financial expertise for such responsibilities in sufficient number. In the financial year 2020, the Audit 
Committee held five meetings. It predominantly dealt with preparations for the audit of the annual

--- Page 255 ---
255 
financial statements, a review of the auditors’ activities, internal audit, internal control and risk 
management systems, as well as the presentation of the annual financial statements. 
The Portfolio and Project Committee: The Portfolio and Project Committee shall prepare fundamental 
decisions of a complex nature in co-operation with the Executive Board when necessary, and reports on 
these decisions and any recommendations to the Supervisory Board. In the financial year 2020, five 
meetings of the Portfolio and Project Committee were held. 
The Remuneration Committee: This committee deals with all aspects of the remuneration of Executive 
Board members and with their employment contracts. The committee’s membership does not include 
employee representatives. The committee is empowered to conclude, amend and terminate Executive 
Board members’ employment contracts and to take decisions on the awarding of bonuses (variable 
remuneration components) and other such benefits to them. The Remuneration Committee met four 
times during 2020. Executive Board members were invited to attend parts of some of the meetings of 
the Remuneration Committee. hkp/// group was appointed by the Remuneration Committee and 
provided remuneration advice to the Committee, which included the elaboration of best practice 
comparisons with regard to Executive Board remuneration, advice on the appropriate structure and 
level of Executive Board compensation in line with regulatory requirements and market practice as 
well as support for the finalization of the remuneration policy. In 2020, hkp/// group was also appointed 
by OMV and by Petrom. They provided advice to OMV, in relation to governance processes between 
OMV and Petrom, and to Petrom on the development and drafting of the remuneration policy for of the 
executive and supervisory board of Petrom. hkp/// group provided advise on the development of 
OMV's remuneration report and supported the Remuneration Committee in discussion the 
remuneration policy. The consultant company did not advise the Executive Board in matters relating to 
remuneration, ensuring independence with respect to the Austrian Code of Corporate Governance. 
In 2020, there were no transactions requiring approval in accordance with § 95 para 5 no 12 of the 
Austrian Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz).  
There are no conflicts of interest between the duties of the members of the Executive Board and 
Supervisory Board of the Issuer and their private interests or other duties other than the following: One 
member of the Issuer's Supervisory Board, Alyazia Al Kuwaiti, has held different functions at IPIC 
(which was the former direct shareholder of OMV controlled by Abu Dhabi) until 2017 and currently is 
executive director for Upstream & Integrated, Petroleum & Petrochemicals at Mubadala Investment 
Company PJSC, the indirect sole shareholder of MPPH. Another member of the Issuer's Supervisory 
Board, Saeed Al Mazrouei, who has been elected at the Annual General Meeting on 2 June 2021, 
currently is Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Direct Investments, at Mubadala Investment Company 
PJSC, the indirect sole shareholder of MPPH. Further, Stefan Doboczky, Elisabeth Stadler, Christoph 
Swarovski and Cathrine Trattner have been elected, Supervisory Board member Karl Rose has been re-
elected to the Supervisory Board of OMV AG by the Annual General Meeting as of 14 May 2019 and 
Supervisory Board member Mark Garrett has been elected to the Supervisory Board of OMV AG by 
the Annual General Meeting of 29 September 2020 following their nomination by ÖBAG. Gertrude 
Tumpel-Gugerell, member of the Supervisory Board, has been nominated by the nomination committee 
of ÖBIB (now ÖBAG) and proposed to the Supervisory Board. She was elected by the Annual General 
Meeting as of 19 May 2015 and re-elected by the Annual General Meeting on 29 September 2020. It 
cannot be excluded that such Supervisory Board members, in fulfilling their duties as Supervisory 
Board members, will take interests of ÖBAG and Mubadala Investment Company PJSC/MPPH into 
account that may conflict with other investors' interests.  
Supervisory Board Members Mark Garrett, Stefan Doboczky, and Elisabeth Stadler are chairpersons of 
the executive boards of companies with which supply contracts and insurance and related contracts, 
respectively, were concluded under normal market and industry terms and conditions (including 
consideration). Although these contracts do not raise concerns in relation to a potential conflict of 
interest, related Supervisory Board approvals have been obtained. The Internal Rules of the 
Supervisory Board contain detailed procedures for handling conflicts of interest on the part of 
Supervisory Board members. 
It nevertheless cannot be excluded that functions which OMV AG's board members hold in entities 
with whom OMV AG is doing business, may in the future lead to conflicts of interest with duties of the 
members of the Executive Board and Supervisory Board of the Issuer. By way of example, Supervisory 
Board member Karl Rose currently holds a function as strategy adviser of ADNOC. OMV is of the 
view that this function does not provide for an actual conflict of interest as Mr Rose has not involved 
himself in any relevant approvals of Abu Dhabi related projects of OMV's Supervisory Board and also 
does not work on any projects of ADNOC that may create a conflict with his position at OMV. It 
nevertheless cannot be excluded that such function appears to bear a conflict of interest from a third-

--- Page 256 ---
256 
party perspective. Further, by way of example, Supervisory Board member Mark Garret is chief 
executive officer of Marquard & Bahls AG, Germany with which OMV concluded supply contracts 
under normal market and industry terms and conditions (including consideration). Supervisory Board 
member Elisabeth Stadler is chairwoman of the executive board of VIENNA INSURANCE GROUP 
AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe and holds several functions with companies included in this 
insurance group. OMV maintains customary insurance agreements with VIENNA INSURANCE 
GROUP AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe as well as certain subsidiaries of this insurance group. 
Supervisory Board member Stefan Doboczky is chairman of the executive board of Lenzing AG. 
Lenzing AG is a customer of OMV for sulphur in an amount of 21,000 metric tons per year. 
CAPITAL STRUCTURE 
The Issuer's share capital consists of fully paid-in no-par value common voting shares issued in bearer 
form. As of the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer's issued and fully paid-in share capital amounts to 
EUR 327,272,727, divided into 327,272,727 no-par value common voting shares. Under Austrian law, 
no-par value shares (Stückaktien) represent a calculatory portion of the share capital which equals the 
total amount of issued share capital divided by the number of shares. The calculatory portion of the 
share capital of the Issuer's no-par value common voting shares amounts to EUR 1.00 per share. The 
one-share-one-vote principle applies and there are no classes of shares that carry special or preferential 
voting rights. 
The Issuer's shares are listed on the Official Market (Amtlicher Handel) of the Vienna Stock Exchange 
(Wiener Börse) under the symbol "OMV", with the ISIN AT0000743059, and traded in the prime 
market segment. 
The Annual General Meeting of 29 September 2020 authorised the Executive Board until 29 September 
2025, upon approval by the Supervisory Board but without any further resolution by the Annual 
General Meeting, to increase the share capital of OMV, at once or in several tranches, by an amount of 
up to EUR 32,727,272 by issuing up to 32,727,272 new no-par value common voting shares in bearer 
form in return for contributions in cash. The capital increase can also be implemented by way of 
indirect offer for subscription after taking over by one or several credit institutions according to § 153 
para 6 of the Austrian Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). The issue price and the conditions of 
issuance can be determined by the Executive Board with the consent of the Supervisory Board. Further, 
the Annual General Meeting of 29 September 2020 authorized the Executive Board, subject to the 
approval of the Supervisory Board, to exclude the subscription right of the shareholders if the capital 
increase serves to (i) adjust fractional amounts or (ii) satisfy stock transfer programs, in particular long 
term incentive plans, equity deferrals or other participation programs for employees, senior employees 
and members of the Executive Board/management boards of the Company or one of its affiliates, or 
other employees stock ownership plans. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS  
The Issuer has two major shareholders, ÖBAG and MPPH. As to OMV's knowledge, ÖBAG holds 
31.50% and MPPH holds 24.90% of the capital stock of OMV AG. 
ÖBAG (Österreichische Beteiligungs AG) is the privatisation and industrial holding company of the 
Republic of Austria. ÖBAG is incorporated and organised as an Austrian joint stock company 
(Aktiengesellschaft) and has its registered seat in Vienna. With effect as of 20 February 2019, the 
transformation and renaming of Österreichische Bundes- und Industriebeteiligungen GmbH (ÖBIB) 
into Österreichische Beteiligungs AG was completed. 
MPPH (Mubadala Petroleum and Petrochemicals Holding Company L.L.C.) is an indirect, wholly-
owned subsidiary of Mubadala Investment Company PJSC, Abu Dhabi, a global investment company 
whose shares are controlled by the government of Abu Dhabi. MPPH has its registered seat in Abu 
Dhabi. 
There is a consortium agreement in place between MPPH and ÖBAG providing for coordinated 
behaviour and certain restrictions on transfers of shareholdings. 
According to the Issuer's knowledge, ÖBAG currently owns 103,090,898 shares representing 31.5% of 
the Issuer's share capital and MPPH owns 81,490,900 shares representing 24.9% of the Issuer's share 
capital. As of the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer holds approximately 0.08% of its share capital 
(treasury shares) which are neither entitled to vote nor to receive dividends. The remaining 43.52% of 
the Issuer's share capital is considered as free float, of which 0.55% relate to employee share programs. 
OMV AG believes that Austrian corporate law provides sufficient safeguard to avoid the abuse by 
ÖBAG and/or MPPH of its/their control of OMV AG.

--- Page 257 ---
257 
LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries are party to certain lawsuits and administrative proceedings before 
various courts and governmental agencies arising from the ordinary course of business involving 
various contractual, labour, cartel, tax and other matters. 
Except as described below, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months 
preceding the date of this Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects 
on the financial position or profitability of OMV AG or the Group, except as described herein. Further, 
it cannot be excluded that – based on the outcomes of single litigations, arbitral proceedings or other 
forms of dispute resolution – other persons may raise claims based on comparable arguments. In such 
case, there is a risk that even a negative outcome in a single dispute with low amounts at stake may 
lead to future claims against OMV. 
Petrom employee litigation 
Since the end of 2007, Petrom has been involved in litigation initiated by a number of former and 
current employees based on differing interpretations of several clauses included in Petrom's collective 
bargaining agreement relating to Easter and Christmas bonuses. In the following years, further claims 
were raised against Petrom based on the differing interpretations of other provisions of the collective 
bargaining agreement. OMV's total allocation to the provision for such claims was RON 1,506 million 
(i.e. EUR 415 million, using the average foreign exchange rate in 2007 and 2008 for the amounts 
booked in each year). As of 30 June 2021, the provision amounted to RON 35.23 million (i.e. approx. 
EUR 7.15 million, using June 2021 closing exchange rate of EUR/RON 4.9280), following payments 
made under the claims and reductions after re-assessment of related risks in the period 2015 to 2019. 
The above figures represent Petrom's assessment of potential liabilities and its best estimate of likely 
cash outflows with respect to the ongoing litigation. At the end of 2019, a new collective bargaining 
agreement applicable to Petrom was signed. The provisions of such agreement are in line also with the 
litigation experience and the view the courts have in interpreting the employees' rights as resulting from 
the collective bargaining agreement and are also meant to mitigate further litigation deriving thereof. 
The currently applicable collective bargaining agreement expires at the end of 2021. 45 days prior to its 
expiration, the negotiation for a new collective bargaining agreement has to be initiated and the parties 
might decide on the extension of the current collective bargaining agreement up to the finalization of 
such negotiation for a maximum period of 12 months. Furthermore, employees' information on this 
matter was substantially increased in order to raise awareness on the topic and a focus was put on 
clarifying discussions with claimants. 
ASTRA refinery case 
In 2004 (prior to Petrom's privatisation), the Romanian Ministry of Economy initiated a strategy to 
develop Romanian production of industrial and motor lubes and issued a memorandum regarding the 
same. In respect of the memorandum, Petrom concluded two purchase contracts with Rafinaria Astra 
Romana S.A. ("Astra") in March 2004.  
In 2005, Astra filed a claim against Petrom, alleging that Petrom did not fulfil its contractual 
obligations. Petrom argued that Astra had, on several occasions, notified Petrom that it did not request 
oil deliveries under the contract and ceased to perform its own contractual obligations. Furthermore, 
Petrom pleaded various procedural exceptions, including the statute of limitations. In November 2005, 
Petrom was ordered to purchase the lubes refined by Astra and to sell crude oil to Astra, both for the 
entire period of the contract, i.e. until the end of 2010. Appeals filed by Petrom were dismissed. In 
December 2009, Astra initiated the enforcement of the court decision and in November 2010 filed a 
claim requesting the court to compel Petrom to pay penalties for alleged damages resulting from failure 
to comply with the court decision. An extrajudicial expert's appraisal estimated the damages (for the 
period October 2004 to 31 December 2010) at approximately RON 490.50 million (i.e. approx. 
EUR 105 million, using the December 2018 closing exchange rate of EUR/RON 4.6635), which was 
later increased to RON 624 million (i.e. approx. EUR 134 million, using the December 2018 closing 
exchange rate of EUR/RON 4.6635). 
On 5 May 2011, the court admitted the exception of lack of jurisdiction raised by Petrom and declined 
the competence towards the Bucharest Tribunal - Commercial Section. Astra has filed a final appeal 
against the decision. The court admitted the final appeal filed by Astra and sent back the case to 
District 1 Local Court, considering that this court has the jurisdiction to settle the case.  
On 26 July 2013, the District 1 Local Court delivered its ruling, rejecting Astra's claim and obliging 
Astra to pay RON 50,000 for legal expenses. The award of the court is subject to second-degree appeal.

--- Page 258 ---
258 
On 4 March 2014, Astra filed a second-degree appeal against the said award. On 19 December 2014, 
the court delivered the ruling, admitting the second-degree appeal filed by Astra, quashing the ruling of 
District 1 Local Court from 26 July 2013 and sending back the case to District 1 Local Court with a 
first hearing held on 26 October 2015. In such hearing, Petrom raised the procedural exception 
regarding the time barring period of Astra's claim. On 15 February 2016, the court admitted the 
exception regarding the time barring period for the first count from Astra's statement of claim and 
granted a new hearing on 7 March 2016, for continuing the judgement for the second count from 
Astra's statement of claim. On 21 March 2016, the District 1 Local Court rejected the entire claim filed 
by Astra and obliged Astra to pay Petrom the amount of RON 76,522 (i.e. approx. EUR 16,409, using 
the December 2018 closing exchange rate of EUR/RON 4.6635) as legal expenses. The court decision 
was appealed by means of a second-degree appeal (recourse) of Astra at Bucharest Tribunal. The 6th 
commercial section of the Bucharest Tribunal declined the case to the third civil section, where the 
proceedings were pending, with next hearings set for October 2017. After postponing several times, the 
court, by irrevocable decision, allowed the second appeal, quashed the challenged decision and sent the 
case back to be solved by the same court. 
Against this decision, Petrom filed an extraordinary way of appeal (revision). The first instance 
suspended the case until the revision shall be solved. In the revision, with first hearings in September 
2018, Petrom requested that the file is sent to the Bucharest Court of Appeal, which was allowed and 
where the file was joined to the other revision case. On 11 December 2018, the Bucharest Court of 
Appeal rejected the extraordinary way of appeal. On 10 February 2020, the court rejected Astra’s claim 
and granted Petrom legal expenses. The decision may be challenged with second appeal. The decision 
was communicated to Petrom on 5 July 2021. As of the date of this Prospectus, Petrom does not have 
information about any appeal filed against the decision. 
Proceedings related to Pearl 
In May 2009, OMV Upstream International GmbH, a subsidiary of the Issuer, signed an agreement 
with the sellers Crescent Petroleum Company International ("Crescent") and Dana Gas PJSC ("Dana") 
to acquire a 10% share in Pearl, a company that operates Khor Mor and Chemchemal gas fields in the 
Kurdistan Region of Iraq. The agreement included contingent payments to be made by OMV which are 
dependent on the further reserves determinations. The reserves determinations will have to be made by 
a jointly appointed independent expert. Depending on further progress, the timing and the availability 
of the required approvals in respect of a further Field Development Plan ("FDP") and on the reserves 
determinations based thereon, a contingent payment could potentially arise. FDPs are subject to 
approval by Pearl and the Government of Kurdistan Region of Iraq ("KRG").  
While an initial FDP for Khor Mor had already received the necessary approvals, during 2019, Pearl 
has submitted several FDPs for Chemchemal ("FDPs CC") and for Khor Mor to its Board of Directors 
for approval but the required majority on joint venture level was not obtained. Since the following 
deadlock procedure on Pearl’s shareholder level for FDP CC Rev B was not successful, subsequently, 
three proceedings were initiated in late March/April 2019: (i) Crescent and Dana (against MOL and 
OMV) initiated an expert determination proceeding at the ICC pursuant to the Pearl Joint Venture 
Agreement ("Pearl JVA") whether the FDP CC Rev B complies with the Development Criteria 
stipulated under the Pearl JVA, (ii) OMV submitted a Request for Arbitration against Dana, Crescent, 
Pearl and MOL Hungarian Oil and Gas Public Limited Company ("MOL") to the London Court of 
International Arbitration ("LCIA") for declaratory relief that the FDP CC is not approved, that OMV is 
not obliged to approve that FDP CC and that there is no approved FDP CC for Pearl to submit to the 
KRG, and (iii) Dana and Crescent submitted a request for arbitration to the LCIA against OMV and 
MOL for declaratory relief inter alia that the FDP CC is in Pearl's best interest and deemed to be 
approved, that MOL/OMV are in breach of the Pearl JVA and that MOL and OMV have conspired to 
cause claimants harm together with the request for an order to compensate for damages/losses. 
In this connection, in May 2019, OMV received an invoice from Crescent and Dana amounting to 
approximately USD 241 million and later unsubstantiated and rejected allegations of damages in an 
amount of up to more than USD 1 billion. In view of at that time pending independent expert 
determination on FDP CC Rev B before the ICC and the (in the meantime consolidated) arbitrations 
(the "FDP Arbitration") before the LCIA regarding inter alia further revisions of the FDP CC and a 
revision of the FDP of Khor Mor, which were not approved at joint venture level, and the deviating 
views between Crescent/Dana and OMV inter alia about the size of an oil discovery in Khor Mor, 
OMV rejected the invoice. In September 2019, the independent expert determination before the ICC 
was in respect of Revision B decided in favour of OMV. Dana and Crescent have sought to challenge 
the validity of the expert determination as a preliminary issue in the FDP Arbitration. The ruling from 
the arbitral Tribunal of February 2020 confirmed that the expert determination is valid, final and

--- Page 259 ---
259 
binding on the parties to this arbitration. In June 2020, the Expert Determination CC Rev E was 
decided in favour of OMV. 
In June 2021, all hearings and submissions in the FDP Arbitration were concluded. The award is 
expected either at the end of 2021 or in the first quarter of 2022. 
In February 2020, Dana and Crescent have commenced an arbitration under the SSA (the "SSA 
Arbitration"), by the issuing of a Request for Arbitration (the "SSA RFA") against OMV. 
Depending on the decision of the Tribunal in the FDP Arbitration, the further progress of the SSA 
Arbitration and not yet commenced reserve determinations, a contingent payment could potentially 
arise; however, such event is not deemed probable at this stage. Therefore, no provision has been 
recognized in OMV's Group Financial Statements. Furthermore, at the date of this Prospectus, a 
reliable estimate of the potential additional payment, if any, cannot be made. 
Proceedings related to the Central Processing Facility and the Pipeline of the Nawara project 
In 2014, OMV (Tunesien) Production GmbH, a subsidiary of OMV AG, entered into three contracts for 
the engineering, procurement, construction and commissioning of the three main components of the 
Nawara Gas Development Project in Tunisia with the following contractors: (i) a contract for the 
Central Processing Facility ("CPF") with "MSBI", a consortium of Max Streicher GmbH & Co. KG 
aA, a German company ("MS") and Bouchamaoui Industries S.A. ("BI"), a Tunisian company (the 
"CPF Contract"); (ii) a contract for the Nawara pipeline ("PPL") with "BIMS", a consortium of BI 
and MS (the "PPL Contract"); and (iii) a contract for the gas treatment plant ("GTP") with "ABB", a 
consortium of ABB S.p.a., an Italian company, and TDE Oil Solutions Ltd, a Canadian company (the 
"GTP Contract").  
Under the contracts, the contractors were engaged to engineer, procure, construct, and commission 
each component for a lump-sum price, and to satisfy the conditions to achieve provisional acceptance 
by the completion date.  
All three parts of the project are significantly delayed; OMV issued provisional acceptance certificates 
with effective dates of 15 August 2020 for the CPF, 16 March 2020 for the PPL PAC and 30 November 
2020 for the GTP. Prior to issuing the provisional acceptance certificates, because of the significant 
delay, OMV collected liquidated damages due under the contracts. 
OMV is in dispute with the contractors in relation to their performance under the contracts. The 
contracts, which are governed by English law, ultimately provide for ICC arbitration in the event of a 
dispute. In December 2020, MSBI and BIMS commenced arbitrations under the ICC Rules in relation 
to the disputes under the CPF Contract and PPL Contract respectively. In March 2021, the ICC Court 
consolidated the two arbitrations ("CPF/PPL Arbitration"), and in April 2021 the appointment of the 
tribunal was completed.  The tribunal has issued a timetable for the CPF/PPL Arbitration, leading up to 
a hearing starting in March 2023.   
In the CPF/PPL Arbitration, first, in respect of the CPF, MSBI claims that OMV was responsible for a 
large number of variations in the work so that MSBI is entitled to additional money and an extension of 
time (entitling MSBI to a reimbursement of the liquidated damages). According to MSBI, its total 
claim is approx. USD 381 million. OMV disputes MSBI’s claims and takes the view that it was 
MSBI’s poor performance that caused the delays which have caused OMV losses in excess of the 
liquidated damages, and that MSBI is not entitled to any additional payment. In addition, OMV has 
made counterclaims estimated at approx. USD 20 million, the majority of which is in respect of 
payments OMV had to make because of MSBI’s failure to provide the right resources for 
commissioning and start-up.  
Second, in respect of the PPL, BIMS claims for additional time (entitling BIMS to a reimbursement of 
the liquidated damages) and money by arguing that OMV is responsible for the delay. BIMS estimates 
its total claim at approx. USD 56 million. OMV disputes BIMS’s claims and takes the view that it was 
BIMS’s poor performance that caused the delays which have caused OMV losses in excess of the 
liquidated damages, and that BIMS is not entitled to any additional payment. OMV also counterclaims 
for approx. USD 4 million, the majority of which relates to payments OMV made to suspend work on 
the PPL because of the delay to the CPF. 
Current arbitration under Petrom Privatisation Agreement 
On 7 March 2017, OMV, as party in the privatisation agreement, initiated arbitration proceedings 
against the Romanian State, in accordance with the International Chamber of Commerce Rules, in 
Paris, France regarding certain notices of claims unpaid by the Romanian State in relation to certain

--- Page 260 ---
260 
well decommissioning and environmental restoration obligations amounting to RON 153 million (i.e. 
EUR 32 million, using the December 2019 closing exchange rate of EUR/RON 4.7830). On 6 October 
2017, a request to supplement the initial arbitration proceedings with additional notices of claims 
related to certain wells decommissioning and environmental restoration obligations amounting to RON 
134 million (i.e. EUR 28 million, using the December 2019 closing exchange rate of EUR/RON 4.7830 
was submitted to the International Chamber of Commerce, in Paris, France. At the beginning of July 
2018, the arbitral tribunal decided that the supplementary claims submitted are admissible and the 
standing as defendant of the Romanian State by the Ministry of Environment. In August 2018, OMV 
submitted the full statement of claim (accompanied by several witnesses’ statements and an 
environmental expert report). The Ministry of Environment submitted a statement of defense on 3 May 
2019. On 9 July 2020, the International Chamber of Commerce issued the award, based on which RON 
287 million (i.e. EUR 58 million, using the June 2021 closing exchange rate of EUR/RON 4.9280) plus 
interest are to be reimbursed to Petrom; likewise, the claimant OMV is entitled to the party costs and 
arbitration costs. 
The award was recognized in Romania by the Bucharest Tribunal. The next legal step is to enforce the 
decision in order to cash-in the money granted by the ICC award. 
The request for another arbitration was submitted by OMV AG to ICC Paris in October 2020 
amounting in total RON 156 million (i.e. EUR 32 million, using the June 2021 closing exchange rate of 
EUR/RON 4.9280). The Ministry of Environment submitted its position in December 2020. In May 
2021, OMV submitted the statement of claim, accompanied by environmental expert report, financial 
report and witnesses' statements. The Ministry of Environment submitted the statement of defense on 6 
August 2021. The next step is that the Claimant submits by 1 October 2021 its position towards the 
Ministry’s Statement of Defense. 
Austrian tax assessment 
On 30 October 2015, OMV Supply & Trading AG received an assessment by the Austrian tax 
authorities for the financial years 2011-2013 regarding an additional VAT payment of approximately 
EUR 80 million plus interest. In addition, OMV Supply & Trading AG received an assessment by the 
Austrian tax authorities on 7 July 2017 for the financial year 2014 regarding an additional VAT 
payment of approx. EUR 9.8 million plus interest. The additional VAT payments are due to OMV 
Supply & Trading AG's application of a triangular VAT exemption for product supplies to Slovenia. 
OMV Supply & Trading AG filed an appeal against the assessment by the Austrian tax authorities for 
the assessments 2011-2014. In October 2019, the Federal Finance Court decided the appeal against the 
assessment 2011-2014 in favour of OMV Supply & Trading AG. In December 2019, the relevant tax 
office filed an appeal against the decision of the Federal Finance Court at the High Administrative 
Court. No decision from the High Administrative Court has been made up to the date of this 
Prospectus. Regarding the appeal against the assessment for 2014, OMV Supply & Trading AG applied 
for a suspension of the decision until there is a final decision on the assessment 2011-2013, which was 
granted.  
Investigations by Bulgarian competition authorities 
On 16 April 2020, the Bulgarian Commission for Protection of Competition decided to initiate 
proceedings to establish whether there has been any infringement of the competition rules in respect of 
the determination of the fuel prices at production and all distribution levels. OMV Bulgaria OOD is 
subject of this investigation, among the other major retailers on the Bulgarian market. The investigation 
was initiated following a request from the Supreme Administrative Prosecutor's Office and covers all 
market levels, from production to wholesale and retail. On 30 April 2020, the Bulgarian Petrol and Gas 
Association was included as party in this investigation. 
Investigations by Moldovan competition authorities 
On 19 January 2021, the Competition Council in Moldova initiated an investigation on several oil 
companies, including Petrom Moldova SRL in relation to the manner of determining sale prices of 
main petroleum products and LPG. On 12 April 2021, the Petrom Moldova SRL received a statement 
of objections from the Competition Council regarding an alleged price fixing concerted practice. 
Petrom Moldova SRL is currently preparing the observations to the statement of objections to be 
submitted by July 2021. 
Investigations by the Turkish competition authority 
In September 2018, the Turkish Competition Authority has notified Petrol Ofisi A.Ş, ("POAŞ") about 
its decision to initiate an investigation against four major fuel distribution companies Including POAŞ. 
The subject matter of the investigation concerns alleged interventions regarding resale prices by POAŞ

--- Page 261 ---
261 
in the Turkish fuel market during the period between 2013 and 2018 when OMV was – for the larger 
part – still holding an indirect ownership interest in POAŞ. In March 2020, the Turkish Competition 
Authority decided that POAŞ and the other fuel distribution companies had in fact violated Turkish 
competition law and imposed administrative fines, ie TL 509 million in the case of POAŞ. OMV has 
repeatedly denied any liability towards the current owner of POAŞ, Vitol Group, pursuant to the sales 
agreement. 
Investigation by the Austrian Data Protection Authority 
Due to a press reporting published in the Austrian newspaper Kurier on 8 March 2021 the Austrian 
Data Protection Authority addressed two information requests to OMV, one on 8 April 2021 and a 
follow-up information request on 6 May 2021. The background of these information requests was an 
alleged unjustified insight in employee email accounts and telephone connection data in the course of 
an internal investigation. The internal investigation was initiated after confidential information leaked 
and resulted in a potential monetary damage for OMV in connection with OMV’s sale of filling 
stations in Germany. The internal investigation was communicated transparently towards affected 
employees. OMV was cooperating with the data protection authority and has duly answered both 
information requests. In its decision dated 29 July 2021 the Austrian Data Protection Authority found 
essentially that OMV lacked a legitimate basis to process the employees’ data as affected employees, 
given their dependency from the employer, cannot voluntarily consent to such processing. OMV will 
appeal the decision due to lack of legal basis.  
Proceedings with the Polish Competition Authority 
On 6 October 2020, the Polish Competition Authority issued a decision in which it stated that the 
agreements entered into between OMV Gas Marketing Trading & Finance B.V., ENGIE, Gazprom, 
Shell, Uniper and Wintershall for the financing of the Nord Stream 2 project constitute the 
implementation of a concentration without obtaining a prior clearance from the Polish Competition 
Authority and thus a breach of Polish merger control regulations. The Polish Competition Authority 
imposed a fine amounting to approximately EUR 19,571,000 on OMV Gas Marketing Trading & 
Finance B.V. and a demerger measure ordering the termination of the agreements for financing of the 
Nord Stream 2 project. On 5 November 2020, OMV Gas Marketing Trading & Finance B.V. appealed 
the decision. The appeal has suspensive effect.  
Prosecution in Turkey related to Point  
On 17 March 2016, media reported that an Istanbul prosecutor has submitted an indictment accusing 
inter alia Doğan Holding honorary chairman Aydın Doğan and İşbank board chairman Ersin Özince of 
establishing an organisation for the purpose of engaging in criminal activities and violating Turkish 
anti-smuggling law (involvement in and financing of a fuel-smuggling ring linked to claims of tax 
evasion in oil products imports). According to media reports, a total of 47 executives have been 
accused of being members of that illegal organisation, including also OMV's former Executive Board 
members Gerhard Roiss, David Davies, Manfred Leitner and OMV's current senior vice president retail 
Jürgen Schneider.  
The case dates back to when Doğan Holding and İşbank, Turkey's biggest listed lender, were 
stakeholders in Petrol Ofisi prior to its acquisition by OMV. OMV had acquired a minority stake of 
34% in 2006 and increased its participation to more than 95% in 2010. Petrol Ofisi's former affiliate 
Point is accused of conducting said illegal practices between 2001 and 2007. 
OMV's current and former managers are involved in this and a parallel proceeding in Mersin (now 
merged into a single case file in Istanbul, as explained in the last paragraph, below) as individuals 
solely due to their former functions as supervisory board members of Petrol Ofisi. Pursuant to Turkish 
law, all board members of companies allegedly involved in criminal activities can be ex officio pursued 
for the alleged infringement irrespective of any actual personal involvement. OMV takes the view that 
the indictment is not supported by evidence, both in respect of the OMV-related defendants, and the 
substance of the claims. As supervisory board members of Petrol Ofisi they have never been involved 
in operational activities of Point and, therefore, lack any actual involvement, as well as the required 
intent for any wrongdoing. The accusations by the Istanbul prosecutor do not relate to OMV or any 
other Group companies. 
On 17 March 2016, Ahter Kutadgu of Doğan Holding rejected the accusations as baseless and argued 
that no laws were violated as the oil products imported were, regardless of their country of origin, 
exempt from Turkish customs tariffs and only subject to VAT to be paid by Petrol Ofisi's customers. 
OMV submitted to the court an independent expert report that confirms Doğan's above arguments.

--- Page 262 ---
262 
In September 2016, against the defendants' objections based on well-established rules of procedure and 
jurisdiction, the Mersin court gave in to the Istanbul court's request to merge the two case files in 
Istanbul. The defendants' appeal was subsequently rejected in November 2016. The joinder of the cases 
means that progress in the Mersin case becomes futile and squandered, because the Istanbul case is at a 
preliminary stage compared to the Mersin case. In the first hearing following the joinder, the Istanbul 
court indicated its willingness to complete the taking of the defendants' initial defensive statements, 
which constitute a mandatory procedural step under Turkish law before the court can undertake any 
further steps in litigation. The court has still not completed the statements of all Turkish defendants. 
The court acknowledged receipt of the statements obtained on the basis of The Hague Treaty from the 
OMV-related defendants. As one statement from a Doğan Holding-related defendant is still 
outstanding, the court has been postponing and rescheduling hearings since 2018. The next hearing is 
scheduled for 17 December 2021 and awaits said defensive statement through the Hague Convention 
process. 
OMV (NORGE) AS tax proceedings 
On 31 July 2018, both OMV Finance Service NOK GmbH and the Issuer applied for the initiation of a 
mutual agreement procedure at the Austrian Ministry of Finance in accordance with the Double Tax 
Treaty Austria-Norway for avoiding double taxation resulting from actual (year 2013) and likely 
subsequent (years 2014 et seq.) different opinions of the Norwegian and the Austrian tax authorities 
regarding the arm's length size of the applied interest rate with respect to intercompany loan financing 
granted from the Issuer (year 2013) and OMV Finance Service NOK GmbH (years 2013 et seq) to 
OMV Norge AS as borrower since 2013 as described in the following: The Austrian tax authorities 
issued amended tax assessments for the years 2013 for the Issuer, and for the years 2013 and 2014 for 
OMV Finance Service NOK GmbH on grounds of the interests being too low resulting into additional 
tax claims, against which both the Issuer and OMV Finance Service NOK GmbH have appealed. For 
the years 2015 to 2017 for OMV Finance Service NOK GmbH, the Austrian tax authorities have issued 
amended tax assessments as of 27 April 2021 with similar arguments also resulting into additional tax 
claims. The Norwegian tax authorities on the other hand have suggested to change OMV Norge AS's 
tax declaration for 2013 et seq on exactly the opposite grounds, namely the interest rate being too high, 
also resulting into additional tax claims. OMV Norge AS has not agreed to the suggested changes. No 
final decision of arm's length size of interest rate has been made by Norwegian tax authorities. The 
mutual agreement procedure case with the Austrian authorities has been put on hold until final decision 
is made in Norway. 
Potential discrimination case  
OMV has been confronted with claims by former employees of an OMV group company in connection 
with alleged discrimination. The former employees claim that equal treatment rules were violated in 
view of discrimination by gender and age. At the date of the Prospectus both proceedings initiated by 
the Ombud for Equal Treatment (Gleichbehandlungsanwaltschaft) at the Austrian Equal Treatment 
Commission (Gleichbehandlungskommission) are solved in OMV's favour (no discrimination seen 
respectively due to the lack of passive legitimation in one case and a withdrawal of the application in 
the second case). The proceeding before an Austrian employment court initiated by one former 
employee relating to an alleged discrimination by gender and age and to a collective bargaining 
agreement was settled (settlement payment without acknowledgment of a legal obligation).  
Litigations related to potential remunerations claims 
OMV has been confronted by a few former employees regarding potential remuneration claims 
resulting from their former employment relationship with OMV. All proceedings were ended in OMV's 
favour. 
Petrom criminal trial 
On 18 August 2021, Petrom was informed that it was sent to trial being accused of aggravated 
manslaughter by negligence in relation to an incident that took place on 27 April 2016, causing the 
death of a minor that fell in the Cobia well no 2971. Petrom (and no other legal entity or individual) is 
accused that, in the process of exploration and exploitation of oil deposits, it did not take the measures 
to ensure the life and health of the people. As far as Petrom has been informed, the civil claims amount 
to approx. EUR 5.3 million. If found guilty by the court and convicted, Petrom is subject to a fine of up 
to RON 1.5 million. The case has been registered in front of Gaiesti Local Court where the current 
procedural step is a preliminary procedure.

--- Page 263 ---
263 
SIGNIFICANT CHANGES  
There have not been significant changes in the financial position and the financial performance of the 
Group since 30 June 2021.  
RATING 
OMV is rated A3(1) (outlook stable) by Moody's Investors Service Ltd. ("Moody's")(2)(3) and A– 
(outlook negative) by Fitch Ratings Ltd ("Fitch")(3) (4) (5). 
The ratings have the following meanings: 
Moody's: 
Moody's rating scale for long-term securities ranges from Aaa (Obligations rated Aaa are 
judged to be of the highest quality, subject to the lowest level of credit risk.) to C 
(Obligations rated C are the lowest rated and are typically in default, with little prospect 
for recovery of principal or interest.). Baa1- to Baa3-rated obligations are judged to be 
medium grade and with some speculative elements and moderate credit risk; Out of this 
range, Baa1 is the highest credit rating. Obligations rated A (A1 to A3) are judged to be 
upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. Out of the range A1 to A3, A3 is 
the lowest rating. 
 
 
Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2 and 3 to each generic rating classification 
from Aaa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher 
end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the 
modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of the generic rating category. 
 
 
A Moody's rating outlook is an opinion regarding the likely rating direction over the 
medium term. Rating outlooks fall into four categories: Positive, Negative, Stable, and 
Developing. 
 
Fitch: 
A: High credit quality. "A" ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity 
for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, 
nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the 
case for higher ratings. 
 
The modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within 
major rating categories. 
 
Rating Outlooks indicate the direction a rating is likely to move over a one- to two-year 
period. They reflect financial or other trends that have not yet reached the level that 
would trigger a rating action, but which may do so if such trends continue. 
 
__________________________ 
 
(1) 
A credit rating assesses the creditworthiness of an entity and informs an investor therefore about the probability of the entity 
being able to redeem invested capital. It is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.  
(2) 
Moody's is established in the European Community and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 2011 (the "CRA Regulation"). 
(3) Affirmation of A3 Rating with revision of outlook from negative to stable as of 7 July 2021 (update published on 20 March 
2020 with rating unchanged) / Moody’s and affirmation of A- rating with revision of outlook from stable to negative as of 13 
March 2020 / Fitch.  
(4) 
Fitch is established in the European Community and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
(5)  The European Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its website (www.esma.europa.eu) a list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five working days following the 
adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that updated list 
in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such update.

--- Page 264 ---
ADDRESS LIST 
 
ISSUER 
 
OMV Aktiengesellschaft 
Trabrennstraße 6-8 
1020 Vienna 
Austria 
 
ARRANGER 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 DO2RF29 
Ireland 
 
DEALERS 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 DO2RF29 
Ireland 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Erste Group Bank AG 
Am Belvedere 1 
1100 Vienna 
Austria  
 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany  
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
Am Stadtpark 9 
1030 Vienna 
Austria  
 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Agency Services 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A.

--- Page 265 ---
265 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
1115 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer as to Austrian law 
 
Schönherr Rechtsanwälte GmbH 
Schottenring 19 
1010 Vienna 
Austria 
 
To the Dealers 
 
As to German Law 
 
White & Case LLP 
Bockenheimer Landstrasse 20 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
As to Austrian Law 
 
WOLF THEISS Rechtsanwälte GmbH & Co KG 
Schubertring 6 
1010 Vienna 
Austria 
 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
 
To the Issuer  
 
Ernst & Young Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft m.b.H. 
Wagramer Straße 19 
1220 Vienna 
Austria